B00005JKN9|3.0|If anyone is interested in watching a venerable film maker fall from grace, Gangs of New York should be your cup of tea.  The film  is listed as one of the five Best Picture nominees for the Oscars, but anyone who has seen the film will know that it is a testament to the campaigning savvy of Miramax and the degree of guilt the academy feels for Martin Scorsese, not the quality of the film. Actually, the film was a long conceived idea for Scorsese who had harbored the thoughts of making a grand epic on the origins of New York for nearly two decades. Many fans of Scorsese were excited when news of the production were let out. After all this was the director who gave them countless classics such as Taxi Driver ,Raging Bull, Meanstreets ,and Goodfellas to name a few. But then there were the news of the casting. Leonardo Dicaprio signed up to play the lead, followed by Cameron Diaz who was to perform the love interest. With each new announcement of the casting, fans grew nervous. In fact the only good news was that Daniel Day-Lewis, who had been living the life of a recluse somewhere in Italy for some years now, decided to come back to the big screen away from his simple life as a shoe cobbler.(he had previously sworn off acting in pursuit of 'something more real' ,to quote his words.) <BR>     The result? Disastrous. The film is a disjointed mess. It cannot seem to make up its mind as to what it wants to be. Is it a tale of revenge where the villain finally gets his comeuppance? Maybe. Is it a tableau of the incipient New York amidst the turmoils of the Civil War? Sure, why not. The film attempts to cover so many things at once that it loses its focus. It is true that such tasks are daunting and shortcomings as the ones we see should be forgiven when a novice director helms the film. But Martin Scorsese? Movie-goers expect a lot more from the consummate film-maker than this jumbled garbage.<BR>     The story is nothing remarkable. It centers on a man named Amsterdam whois the son of the leader of 'Dead Rabbits' -one of the five gangs that control New York. At the opening of the movie it wages  a gang war against the 'Natives'- a rival faction led by 'Bill the Butcher'(played by Daniel Day-Lewis). Amsterdam's father dies in a tragic fashion by the hands of 'Bill the Butcher'. Subsequently the 'Dead Rabbits' are disbanded and Amsterdam is sent to a juvenile penitentiary from which he reemerges as a fully grown man. Twenty years later he returns to New York, unrecognized by anyone. By bizarre quirk of fate he then stumbles into the right-hand-man position for 'Bill the Butcher' who now controls much of New York. Amsterdam begins to languish over the trust given to him by the murderer of his father, and his desire to revenge. All the while the city seethes with rising discontent as the Union Army forces conscription on the growing number of immigrants. Without giving too much away, the plot does resolves itself in the manner most viewers expect, but the emotional payoff is not quite satisfying. By introducing extraneous elements , Scorsese dilutes the impact of what should have been an exhilarating finale.<BR>     First things first, Daniel Day-Lewis delivers. His ruthless 'Bill the Butcher' should come down as one of the most memorable villains in all of movie history. Day-Lewis's performance has an operatic brilliance, a direct contrast to another great, albeit subdued performance by Jack Nicholson. As it stands, it is a close race between the two for Best Actor. Come Oscar day, it wouldn't be such an upset if he ends up trumping the current Oscar favorite Jack Nicholson.<BR>   But that's about the only redeeming feature of this film. The rest is hammy acting through and through. Leonardo Dicaprio is miscast for the character, so despite his earnest effort the audience cannot quite connect. On the other hand Cameron Diaz is simply atrocious. Recalling the details of her appalling performance brings me too much pain, so I will justleave it at that. The set looks expensive, but the story doesn't seem to warrant such extravagance. On a further note, there is raw violence abound, a typical trait in a Scorsese movie. Although one cannot label its use in the film as exploitive, some viewers will find it difficult to stomach.<BR>   All in all Gangs of New York is a disappointment. Chances are, Martin Scorsese will most likely be rewarded with a Best Director Oscar this year. It is a shame that he will have to be remembered for this mediocre film when his past accomplishments are so much better.
B000088E6D|5.0|One of the best new artists I've heard in a long time.  His tone of his voice is so easy to listen to.  He does great justice to the standards.
B00005JKZV|4.0|Some movies are critic-proof. No matter how much the critics pan it, people will still flock to the theaters to watch it. Some movies go beyond that. They have legions of crazed devotees who will physically harm any who dares to disparage their beloved movie. So critics who did so did it at their own peril. Star Wars Episode Two (released last spring) was a good example. Critics who had the thankless job of describing the movie as it was-a  veritable tripe- were nevertheless extremely cautious in choosing their words. Most of them chose to be apologetic. The ones with a weak heart caved in, and lied about how much they loved it. The brave ones ventured forth in a typical display of martyrdom. Whatever their stances were, one thing didn't change. Everyone went to see it. <BR>      Lord of the Rings-The Two Towers is a movie much like Star Wars. The story has such a large fan-base that the movie's appeal will hold regardless of its quality. Thankfully,(and luckily for the critics) there is no such dilemma here. Here is a movie that truly lives up to its famed legacy. <BR>     The Two Towers which is the second installment to the trilogy, picks up from where the last movie ended. The Fellowship is broken, with Frodo and Sam on their way to Mordor and Aragorn, Gimli, and Legolas  in search for Pippin and Merry who have been abducted by the Orcs. The film branches off to three directions, following the events that happen to each of the separated parties. In addition to familiar faces, some interesting new characters are also introduced. The Treebeards, the Rohans, and Gollum to name a few. While the story doesn't veer far from what's in the book, there are some subtle changes. For instance the elven princess Arwen plays a larger role than in the original story, and the movie ends earlier than what is allotted in the book.<BR>     The film is truly a feast for the eye in which CGI blends perfectly with human actors. Unlike Star Wars where the special effects were actuallyhindrances to the smooth-running of the plot, here the CGI enhances the  story. With every breath-taking scenery the audience is drawn deeper into Tolkien's fictional world. There are three much talked-about scenes in the movie. The first one is the one with Gollum. Here we are presented with a fully digitized computer creation which is life-like to each strand of hair. Not only is its appearance realistic, its performance actually borders on being 'moving'. It is truly a feat for the special effects department to have created such a marvel of digital technology. The second scene, is of course, the much raved-about 'Siege at the Helms Deep'. Most critics lauded it as one of the best siege sequences of all time. While I'm not ready to bestow such lavish praise on it, one must admit that it is very well orchestrated. Each and every CGI characters are given different movements, and the texture of the walls shows that the creators didn't overlook a single slab of stone. What is even more impressive than the visual , is the pacing of the action. It displays a deft hand at work, shrewdly controlling the flow of adrenaline in the audiences' blood. Peter Jackson deserves much credit for his skillful handling of such a huge and lengthy action sequence. The third scene is where the Treebeards demolish Saruman's stronghold. The scene here has such a biblical grandeur that if one were to sample a movie-still from it and enlarge it into a mural, it should belong in a museum. <br />      As for the acting, it is uniformly strong. Ian Mckellen brings authority to the grizzled wizard Gandalf.  Elijah Wood is effective in conveying the inner burden felt by Frodo. Newcomers Miranda Otto, and Bernard Hill do commendable jobs as Ewoyn and the Rohan King, Theoden. Of course the biggest scene-stealer is Viggo Mortensen whose Aragorn exudes such sincere charm, that one could literally hear the female audience swoon in their seats.<BR>       The Two Towers is the second part of a trilogy,meaning that there is another film  yet to come out. Anyone who's read Tolkien's trilogy will know what is in store for us, which is more reason to be excited about. This second installment of the trilogy is a proud equal to the  superb first feature, and with two successes under its belt, this trilogy is already slated to be in the top film archives.
0140186409|5.0|Steinbeck is a wonderful writer and extremely thoughtful in writing this book.  he incorporates several different aspects and allusions including biblical ones, marx, emerson into the book without making the story heavy or boring.  there are many different symbols, ideas, and themes of steinbeck in this book and one cannot help but appreciate how much work steinbeck has put into it, and how he intertwines it all in a perfect ending.  steinbeck uses interchapters between plot chapters to explain symbolism and key ideas.  he also has a great style and is quite a literary genius.
B00005JLT5|4.0|Nearly a month has passed since I last saw the film but I still cannot erase the piano tunes out of my mind. In one of its most poignant scenes, the main character plays Debussy's 'Claire de Lune' in the middle of the ruins of Warsaw under a blue moonlight. It is a beautiful cinematic moment and for that reason alone I want to highly recommend this film.<BR>    The Pianist is a film by Roman Polanski , the revered auteur of Chinatown and Rosemary's baby. He is a film maker who has led a life so fraught with hardship and personal tragedies that his story may as well be made into a movie. When he was still a child living in Poland his mother died in a Nazi concentration camp while he alone was able to escape. Tragedy ensued even as an adult. His actress wife, Sharon Tate was brutally murdered by members of the Manson clan in 1969. In 1978, Polanski was charged with statutory rape over a thirteen-year-old girl, which forced him to flee from the United States. He still faces arrest and imprisonment if he ever sets foot on U.S. soil. With such a colorful past, the fugitive director is equally sympathized and hated by many. While lately the victim girl (who is now a fully grown woman) announced to the public that she forgave him for his past crime, there's still much controversy over him, especially after the Best Director nomination he garnered recently. While people may still be divided in opinion over the director's personal life, there is little dissension over his recent work as being a deeply moving holocaust drama.<BR>     The film follows the true life story of Wladyslaw Szpilman , a celebrated Jewish pianist who survived the holocaust by hiding in the ruins for many years. At the onset of the movie, we see him as his sophisticated self. He is a well-established artist, coming from a wealthy family, who is loved and admired by his own community. But after the fall of Poland, his life takes a sudden downturn. As the Nazis begin corralling Jews into the Ghetto, thenormalcy of his life begins to disintegrate. Soon he is separated from his family, rescued at the last moment from being sent to his certain death at the concentration camp. For a while he is aided by his Polish Resistance friends who provide him with a hideaway. But the resistance is soon destroyed and he is again forced to survive on his own.<BR>    Watching Polanski's film, one cannot help but make comparisons with Steven Spielberg's Schindler's List. Both films depict the same subject, but their scope and tone are vastly different. Spielberg's story was anecdotal, with more attention given to the larger picture. Also it was more sentimental, with its sweeping score and climactic developments. In contrast, The Pianist focuses on a more micro-level. Everything that transpires in the movie is seen through the eyes of Szpilman (played hauntingly by Adrien Brody) and therefore the audience is given a deeply personal experience. As for the tone of the film, it is subdued and grim, the plot almost stoically averse to dramatization.<BR>      According to the director himself, it was all deliberate. Much of the details in the movie were drawn from his own experience, and as such, he didn't want to embellish. Straying from how it truly happened would be trivializing his own past. The result is a story unhinged from any forced emotions. The film doesn't manipulate the audience into tears. The dry reality of the events themselves is sufficient to evoke the pathos. <BR>       Events in our real life have the power to move us in a way no fiction can. Watching Szpilman's humanity being whittled down to its bare essence is moving because we recognize the reality embedded in it. Human nature can be fascinating. When faced with the bleakest of situations, one still finds a way to express one's hope. To Szpilman, that was the piano. Listen to him play the piano on a moonlit backdrop,  and you will know instantly what his tale is about.
B000002V0Q|5.0|I can say that there are very few albums that I can play from beginning to end and enjoy throughout, but this is definitely one of them!<br />I bought this CD back when it first came out, and I have enjoyed having it ever since.  Whenever I feel like just putting in a CD with some balls and rocking out, this is one of my first choices!<br />Get it!  You know you'll like it!
B000067J1H|5.0|Don't get me wrong, I did like American Beauty, but sometimes it was about as subtle as Kelsey Grammar by season 5 of Frasier.  It was smart, well intended, yadda yadda yadda - but it also just seemed so &quot;obvious&quot; at times that I couldn't jump on that masterpiece band wagon.  Then I saw Fight Club - a love it or hate it film for sure, but I was blown away.  To me it conveyed a very similar message with more creativity, more mystery and more raw energy than American Beauty could even imagine.  I'm no Brad Pitt fan, but he was fine here.  Norton - who lately is taking some missteps - was excellent and HBC was brilliantly freaky and vulnerable at the same time.  Gotta love that Valley of the Dolls reference when she walks out of the house!  Violent, yes. Weird, sometimes.  But vivid and amazing.
B00003CXZ1|1.0|I have only one thing to say about this movie:  It stunk on ice.  Character development?  None.  Plot?  Almost non-existent.  Special effects and action?  Snooze-fest 2001.    Do yourself a favor.  Don't rent it, don't buy it.  I wouldn't even steal it given the opportunity.    I just hope that they learned their lessons from this one, and the sequel will be better.    But I'm not holding my breath.
B00003CWTI|5.0|Magnolia quickly jumped onto my list of all time favorite films.  PT Anderson pulled of an amazing bit of magic with this dark, intense, maddening but oh-so-human collection of souls.  It's length didn't bother me, it's risky plot turns didn't bother me, it profoundly sad scenes did not bother me.  Instead, I felt so full of hope after I saw this film; so convinced in the randomness of life and what you do or don't with it - I was simply blown away.  The performances - all of them - are amazing: Hoffman, J. Moore, Walters, John C., and William H. Macy who is simply astounding.  Really - today there are not many actors better than the troup in this film and each has a chance to strut his/her stuff. I know some people find it tough going or are intimidated by the long running time, but patience here provides an amazing reward.  Just beautiful.
B000083E79|5.0|I FIRST HEARD ABOUT CHER CD ON TV.  I BOUGHT THE CD AND I THINK IT'S GREAT I LISTEN TO IT OVER AND OVER AGAIN. I HAVE BEEN LISTENING TO CHER FOR AS LONG AS I CAN REMEMBER AND I KNOW SHE IS GREAT, I LOVE HER MUSIC AND HOPE SHE DECIDES TO STAY ON AND KEEP PERFORMING FOR US. IT'LL BE SAD TO LOSE A GREAT ARTIST.
B00004U8H4|4.0|what a wild in your face dark comedy about the excess of the 80's lifestyle.  Bale is excellent at depicting a character who has become so shallow and empty that he rebels in his American Psycho way.  Scenes like Bateman in the shower and his morning prep routine and the business card comparisons are hysterical in the way the point out some of the absurdities and foolishness of this era.  Bale is so slick and so wired in his extremes in behaviour and his voice over dialogues are performed to perfection. It is so subversively witty - that the social aspects of this time come across as almost more scary than the violence.  Were we that bad?  Other performances are great here too: dafoe, mathis, leto, and Chloe Sevigny who is the only one who can actually steal her scenes away from Bale.  I used to work with a bunch of Patrick Batemans who had too much too early and too easy - I wonder what happened to them.
B000063DFN|5.0|With Powerslave, Iron Maiden took the epic elements from their previous album, Piece of Mind, and took it even further. Recorded at the peak of their creativity, Maiden created na album that was quite simply without ANY weak tracks whatsoever. From radio singles Aces High and 2 Minutes to Midnight al lthe way to the epic Powerslave and the super-epic(and best Maiden song ever) Rime of the Ancient Mariner this album shows off the band's talenty, musicianship, and songwriting skills. The often overlooked middle tracks in the album(Flash of the Blade, Duellists, and Back in the Village) are also great, and remedy what was a weak spot in earlier Maiden albums(filler like Gangland and Quest for Fire come to mind).<br />It's a must for any fan of Iron Maiden to get this msaterpiece; the only regret you'll have is not buying it sooner.
B000002ITM|4.0|On their 1992 release, Testament simplified their song structures and slowed down the tempos, creating songs that were mainly built around one riff. While this formula usually prduces nothing more than generic and forgettable heavy metal, on The Ritual it proves to work adequetely. Although this was his last record with the band, Alex Skolnick still lays down some great leads(especially the extended solos on Return to Serenity). The album starts off strongly, with the first four tracks all standouts. The title track is rather forgettable, but on side 2 the band keeps things going with standout cuts like Deadline, the Sermon, and Return to Serenity.<br />The Ritual isn't Testament's best album, but it's still a competent piece of music. It's quite a change for those of you more farmiliar with '80s Testament, but if you liked Metallica's Black Album(which this album bears a strong resemblance) you should check out The Ritual.
B000075BFK|5.0|I didnt write this review but whoever did is speaking truth.  <br />2Pac's been dead for more than six years, and in that time his estate has released a dizzying array of questionable posthumous material--with much more to come in 2003, by the way (the liner notes list documentary soundtracks, another unreleased double album, DVDs, etc.). On the first disc's \\"Intro,\\" an unnamed street reporter wonders, \\"Where are these songs coming from?\\" After repeated listens, your best guess would be from his unfinished studio outtakes. Nevertheless, these tracks were apparently recorded during his prolific, vexed Makaveli stage. \\"When We Ride on Our Enemies\\" demonstrates much vitriol, as Pac's verses are littered with fightin' words for rappers like Mobb Deep and Da Brat. Likewise, [*] 'Em All\\" hurls threats at the late Notorious B.I.G., reminding fans of the time when media-induced East Coast-West Coast feuds were way out of control. The ghetto Elvis's tales of slum grandeur reach their zenith when he serves up his explicit boasts to women on \\"Fair Xchange.\\" Gripping.<BR>It's too bad the first disc's last track, an acoustic version of \\"Thugz Mansion,\\" undermines much of the credibility of this project. When Pac's alleged enemy Nas's vocals are mixed in to appear like he's sitting next to Pac by a fireplace all warm and toasty, sharing rhymes, you immediately smell the influence of executive producer Suge Knight. The second disc is just as dodgy, but might resonate more with new fans simply wanting to hear good beats and rhymes. \\"Never Call U [*] Again\\" is a tidy love song that R&B crooner Tyrese complements well, while the title track featuring Ronald \\"Mr. Biggs\\" Isley provides a necessary escape from much of Pac's brooding imagery. In the end, the quandary of this double disc has nothing to with Pac but with producer Johnny \\"J\\"'s middling G-funk-lite beats and Suge Knight's involvement. This one's for collectors and curious onlookers. --Dalton Higgins
B00005AQE8|5.0|When I think of Tupac Shakur I immediatly think if the deepest black man alive. I think he had more affect on people alive than Martin Luther King JR. (R.I.P.) Even dead he is still touching lives.  This album is very good but &quot;Until the End of Time&quot; is probaly his 2nd greatest album next to &quot;2pcalypse Now&quot;  R.I.P &quot;Pac&quot;
B00006F2TV|5.0|The movie was not a dissapointment but in my eyes the cartoon had a way better story.  Many details are left in the dark during the movie.  It has no sense of time. But the real kick in the groin was that he had natural web in the movie.  In the comic book and the cartoon he had web cartridges.  Making for a much better SpiderMan expierence. In the books and TV shows he would sometimes run out of the cartridges and have to think on his feet.  One aspect in the movie that was better in the movie was better was how Peter Parker aquired the spider like abilities.(It goes in to more detail) Buy the movie if you liked the X-men movie.  I would recommend the cartoon series on DVD though.
B000002UJQ|5.0|bought it in '97 and has not left my CD player since!
B0000242AD|5.0|Such a long history, and this is where it all started. Amazing.. total ear candy. And the extra tracks... oh yes.. 100% worth it. Is there anyone that doesn't already own this?
0743216458|5.0|After seeing the HBO series, I picked up the book, wanting to see what was missed/changed in the transition to television. I was very pleased to see that except for a few details, and some dramatization, the series was a very faithful retelling of the book. It fills in a lot of behind the scenes stuff you didn't see on TV. The book really helps make you feel like you were there. You get to know all the guys, you feel happy when they triumph, you feel sad when they get hurt or die. In that respect the book is great.<br />Ambrose's narrative is good, and full of quotes from the soldiers. The only part that got annoying was Ambrose's frequent opinions about how wonderful and amazing the American soldier was and how second rate everyone else was. The Airborne was an elite unit, but probably no better or worse than other elite units in the war. Having read some German accounts of the Normandy campaign, and taken in light of the enormous blunders made by the German high command in planning and carrying out its response to the invasion, Ambrose's \\"professional\\" analysis is dead wrong. If the German field commanders had their way, E company would have never gotten to the Eagle's Nest, most of them would have been buried in France by the Germans.<br />As a personal account of the soldiers journey from training to war, this is one of the best books I read, just take Ambrose's comments with a grain of salt. A good historian is supposed to be objective and take all points of view into account before making a conclusion, Ambrose does neither.
B00006LLLN|5.0|This 2-cd set will surely become a classic in bluegrass.  If anyone doubts this group's talent, realize that this entire collection is LIVE, and it sounds exactly like their studio recordings. It is so refreshing to see true musicianship come through rather than glitz and techno covering up a lack of talent, as evident with so many other &quot;artists&quot; today.<br />This cd is perfect for driving, studying, working around the house, anything!  I promise you won't regret buying it.
B00005JM1F|1.0|Given the talent involved with this flick it's truly a shame how utterly bland OLD SCHOOL is.  A superb cast is wasted on jokes that are unfunny and/or poorly executed.  There are a dwarfs handfull of humerous scenes and they do not make up for the banality of the rest of the package.  Do yourself a favor and watch ANIMAL HOUSE for the sixty-third time because I guarantee it will produce more laughs than this snoozer.  Poor writing and direction drags a comedy dream cast to the Deans office, a damn shame.
B00005JM1F|4.0|First off, a word of warning to those who haven't seen the unrated version of Old School...the menu screen features topless girls.  Not that I'm a prude or anything like that, but it might be a good idea to send younger children out of the room BEFORE you put it in the DVD player.<br />Having said that, I feel it is necessary to address the comments of one customer reviewer who asked how anyone could dare to compare Old School to the classic Animal House and complained that the plot had been &quot;done before&quot;.  As to the first complaint, it should be noted that Old School was produced by Ivan Reitman, who has been associated with a number of great comedies in the last few years, including Animal House.  As to the second, I must respectfully disagree.  The notion of some thirty somethings starting their own fraternity has not to my knowledge been done before, although this movie is somewhat derivative of college comedies such as National Lampoons Van Wilder and PCU.  <br />The basic plot of Old School is simple enough-three 30somethings played by Vince Vaughn, Will Farrell, and Luke Wilson decide to relive their college days by starting their own fraternity.  All three actors are in top form here, even Wilson, who is cast against type as a straight man.  But it's Vaughn's performance as the group's leader that really makes Old School funny.  Jeremy Piven, also cast against type, is the uptight dean of the college who carries a grudge because he was picked on by Wilson's Farrell's and Vaughn's characters when they were younger.  Much like Animal House's Dean Wormer, he tries to get the frat tossed off campus but is unsuccessful.  <br />While Old School isn't quite as funny as Animal House, it is certainly worth watching as it carries on the comedy tradition set by that film, although the formula is slightly different.
B00005NB8K|4.0|....but I just have one quibble. Is it me, or does everything Val Kilmer says in this movie sound like a chant or reading from some book on the meaning of life, and serpents and the garden or whatever just pops into his head? I understand that Jim Morrison was a brilliant, original thinker and &quot;poet&quot;, but did the guy ever just talk like a regular person? Could the band really function with a frontman who was in a constant state of drunkeness or high on acid? As Kilmer plays him, Morrison never had many thoughts that didn't come from a book or other obscure source and after about an hour, his one-note performance wears really thin (the scene in the desert, while visually stunning, has some of the worst dialogue I've ever heard!)and you just want him to drop the facade and let us see the real Jim. The musical performances are very well staged and with the exception of an inaccurate re-creation of the band on &quot;Ed Sullivan&quot; (Morrison didn't leer into the camera and exaggerate the word 'higher')the film seems fairly close to capturing the real thing and the heady times of the Doors popularity. The bonus disc of bonus material is a worthwhile addition to this set. This is, in my opinion Oliver Stone's masterpiece. I just hope he goes back and does some re-balancing of the colors in this film, then it will be a true classic.
B00005NWM3|1.0|The only reason i gave this one star is that if i didnt they wouldnt let me put my review up. Chad Kroeger is officialy the holder of all these awards: Worst haircut in rock, Worst guitar player in rock, worst dressed, most corporate, biggest ego, and a whole load more.<BR>He has declared himself the next Kurt Cobain, and his band the next Nirvana, he writes emotionless teenage angst trash that somehow passes itself of as music, i cant even talk about this pretentious moron anymore, i feel sick.<br />If u want real music go out and buy something by Slayer, Amen, Emperor, Fear Factory, Sepultura, Darkthrone or Nile
B00008I8IF|1.0|bought this for my wife. she hates it and so do i. lame. love some of their previous albums. but this one does not make it for me.
B00005YW4H|4.0|The modern and traditional jazz styles meld beautifully in this album. Few albums can I push play and go through, start to finish, only to want to hear it again. Though at times the tunes sound somewhat similar, it makes for a good continuous, relaxing listen.
0316666343|5.0|OK...I'm an avid reader and I have loved a lot of books in my time.  This story touched me in a way that no other book has.  The story is amazing, thought provoking, touching, scary, intellegent and intense.  After reading the first chapter (and what a chapter it is)I could not put the book down.  One of the professional reviews listed on the cover of the book summed up my feelings exactly.  The reviewer stated that he/she &quot;envied&quot; the reader that gets to begin reading this book for the first time because the journey is amazing.  I wish I could experience it for the first time again. You won't be sorry.
B00005JLEU|1.0|Maybe I am too American to understand this movie.  I watch just about every kids movie out there with my little ones.  The most entertaining part of the movie is in the optional footage where the translators explain how they had such a hard time understanding some scenes because of cultural differences.  For years we watched Pokemon and that was creative, deep and funny.  This movie was similar but had nothing special in it.  I don't go for anime, but I think the problem is bigger than that.  I could not wait for it to end - my wife loved it.
B00000JLWW|5.0|James Cameron's 1997 Titanic is, of course, the biggest box office hit of all time, edging out such blockbuster films as E.T., Star Wars, and Jurassic Park for that title. This film, with its tale of star-crossed lovers Rose and Jack intertwined with the real-life tragedy of the Royal Mail Steamer Titanic, won 11 Academy Awards and the loyalty of its millions of fans.<br />In 1997, though, no one involved in its making (except maybe the determined Cameron himself) believed this movie would float to box office glory. It was so ambitious and so expensive that not one but two studios (Paramount and 20th Century Fox) financed it, splitting the distribution rights and spending over $200,000,000 to recreate the fatal maiden voyage of the 1912 world's largest ocean liner. Yet Cameron, who had previously directed the first two Terminator movies, The Abyss, and True Lies, was proven correct when world-wide audiences embraced this touching and technically brilliant movie.<br />Yes, this first movie to reap $1 billion in box office gross did capture the hearts of millions of teenage girls who repeated screenings to see Leonardo DiCaprio's Jack Dawson woo Kate Winslet's feisty socialite (and soon-to-be-wed) Rose. And while many detractors scoff at this admittedly clich&eacute;d poor-boy-meets-rich-girl love story, it is exactly through this pairing that we get a feel for what it was like to travel at sea in those Gilded Era days before the First World War destroyed the old Europe forever.<br />This film has much going for it. It has, in addition to actual location shots of the real Titanic wreck (the minisub sequence is NOT special effects), a winsome couple, a classic mustache-twirling villain (Billy Zane) with the usual henchman (a menacing David Warner), a great supporting cast which includes Danny Nuccio, Bernard Fox (who used to guest star in TV series such as Hogan's Heroes and Bewitched), Kathy Bates, Bill Paxton (who has appeared in most of Cameron's movies) and Gloria Stuart (who plays the older Rose Dawson). Titanic also has a great musical score and incredible visuals: the sinking of the great liner is certainly realistic - even if the CGI effects are a bit artificial-looking. This picture certainly was difficult to make .... Thankfully, in spite of the media hype and negative publicity, Titanic proved to be a good and entertaining film. I recommend it to anyone who likes love stories or epic disaster films. This movie mixes both genres very well.o plays the older Rose Dawson). Titanic also has a great musical score and incredible visuals: the sinking of the great liner is certainly realistic - even if the CGI effects are a bit artificial-looking. This picture certainly was difficult to make .... Thankfully, in spite of the media hype and negative publicity, Titanic proved to be a good and entertaining film. I recommend it to anyone who likes love stories or epic disaster films. This movie mixes both genres very well.
0321127420|5.0|Fowler is such a standout in the way he writes. As fun as it is for some of the guys to write as if they had to pay a dollar for every word anyone understood, well, it's not fun for us. Instead of Problem Statement, Forces, Strategies, blahblahblah, Fowler just has two main categories:<br />What It Is<BR>How to Use It<br />This rocks.<br />And as another reviewer mentioned, he addresses that huge headache, O-R mapping. This is a very good thing.<br />Go ahead, get it.
B000092Q7O|5.0|What a relief it was to realize that great movies are still being made!  This movie is the best Holocaust movie I've ever seen and it will certainly invite comparisons to \\"Schindler's List\\".  Both movies are epic in scope and bring the reality of the Holocaust to life in human terms.  However, \\"Schindler's List\\" was made, I felt, as a tribute to the risks that an ordinary man took and the difference that it made in the lives of many people.  It gave us an uplifting message in a sea of depravity.  It did it well and it stands on its' own merits.  \\"The Pianist\\", if I'm interpreting it correctly, is about the survival of one man who witnessed the whole scope of the Nazi Occupation of Warsaw.  Through his eyes we see the fall of Warsaw, the implementation of the \\"Jewish Laws\\", the creation of the Warsaw Ghetto, the forced exodus of the Jews to the concentration camps, the Warsaw Ghetto revolt, the Warsaw Uprising, and the fall of the German Army to the invading Russian Army.  So many aspects of so many things are brought in subtle and in boldly stated scenes.  It is amazing how much is said in this 2 1/2 hour movie.  For example, there was one brief scene where a Jewish policeman makes a comment to a German soldier while hundreds of Jews are being loaded on the railroad cars for shipment to Treblinka.  I couldn't hear what was said and I was going to replay it to see if I could pick it out better.  However, I realized that I had already gotten the point; the Jewish cop had sunk so low that he was trading \\"shop talk\\" humor with his own oppressor while his people were being led to the slaughterhouse.  <br />The acting is superb throughout the movie.  The cinematography is outstanding.  Everything comes together in such an excellent manner.  Roman Polanski certainly deserved his Oscar and I will leave it at that.  There is much in this movie that earned its' R rating.  However, that is because it boldly attempts to bring us face to face with the horror of the Holocaust.  Ihave seen an endless number of movies that have been R rated for no valid artistic reason except that they are full of unnecessary vulger obscenities and sexual explicity.  It's becoming a near impossibility to find a movie that my son and I can watch together.  I can watch this movie with my son and explain to him how anger, fear and prejudice can, if left unchecked, lead to the unthinkable becoming reality.  A number of people ridiculed the criticism of the uncut showing of \\"Schindler's List\\" on TV.  How can people object to 4 letter words and ignore the greater obscenity of the murders of so many innocent people, they asked.  But by eliminating the unnecessary use of profanity and sexual explicitness, we are able to focus on the real profanity and obscenity of what is happening in front of us.  Apparently it takes Roman Polanski to show this to Hollywood.<br />A final note about the movie has to do with its' ending.  I discovered some years ago that Holocaust literature, by its' nature, is not given to happy endings.  The story of survival is, to many, a happy ending of sorts but most stories of the Holocaust leave a person feeling empty.  This is true in \\"The Pianist\\" as well.  There is an interesting twist that, in any other movie, would lead to a positive statement.  We are lead down this path in anticipation of such an ending only to encounter a sudden dead end.  In analyzing our disappointment, we get a glimmer of the sense of meaninglessness that the Holocaust brought to its victims.  It is a statement consistent with Polanski excellent portrayal of the Holocaust.
B00008H2LB|4.0|Just to let everyone know this review is from someone who is actually unbiased against Linkin Park. I absolutely hated Hybrid Theory and Reanimation or whatever. Meteora actually has a clear mission, to provide a good experience when listenin.<BR>(01 Foreword): An intro with no lyrics. Transits into song two perfectly. (02 Don't Stay): A great first song. Not since Midtown's &quot;Just Rock and Roll&quot; has a first song been so exciting. (03 Somewhere I Belong): This song is great the first 1000 times. Got very played out. The first single. (04 Lying from You): Very good and uses excellent sampling. Not very original but good. (05 Hit the Floor): Sounds very different. Very good scratching and terrific lyrics. (06 Easier to Run): The first ballad but a good ballad unlike the horrible In the End. Very good chorus. (07 Faint): The current single. Goes from good sample to the most well produced instruments on the CD. Very catchy BE WARNED! (08 Figure.09): More mix between the rap and the &quot;metal&quot; but it also surprising goes well together. (09 Breaking the Habit): This is what really made the CD for me. Completely different for Linkin Park very personal. After Breaking the Habit the CD doesnt feel very good, the only thing that keeps this from a perfect score is the weak ending, especially the instrumental (12 Session).
B00008PC2O|4.0|I already owned the prior &quot;Ultimate Edition&quot;, so the idea of an &quot;Extreme Edition&quot; was a bit questionable from the start.<br />Yes, It's a great movie.<br />Yes, It's got lots of extra scenes and goodies including the Director's commentary.<br />But... NO, the High Definition version will not work in all PCs.<br />If you plan on viewing the High Definition version... FORGET ABOUT IT!  Personally, I hate to watch movies on my PC.  I'd rather sit on my couch and fire up the good old fashioned TV.  But, just out of curiosity, I bought this edition and thought I'd see what all the fuss was about.  BAD MOVE!  Look at the package and you'll see, the High-Definition version only plays on very High-End PCs.<br />&quot;Recommended System Requirements for T2: High-Definition&quot;<br />- Windows XP PROFFESIONAL<br />- 512 MB RAM<br />- 3 GHz Processor!<br />- 128 MB / 3D Video<br />- 24 Bit 96 KHz Multichannel Sound Card<br />- Internet Connection (for the license to play it to download)<br />- 1600 x 1200 or 1920x1080 or HIGHER display!<br />I don't know about you, but those are some hefty specifications to watch a movie... and even if you have that, in my opinion, you're still better off with a skipping the PC and playing the regular version in a regular DVD player.<br />I tried to play it on a relatively new Sony Vaio laptop (the only PC I have that has XP (however it was not XP Professional as listed in the recommended requirements).  Anyhow, my Sony is a 1.6 GHz unit, and it couldn't keep up at all.  What I got was a crude slideshow with a still image every 5 or so seconds.  None of my PCs are 3 GHz, so the HD version is useless.
6305268177|5.0|This is one of the BEST Concert Video's I have seen.  It was the next best thing to being there.  Barry, Robin and Maurice were in top form.  Their harmonies were as good as ever and they sounded wonderful.  This is a video I have and will continue to watch over and over. Knowing that we will never see that wonderful smile and playful personality of Maurice Gibb on stage again is hard to take.  That makes this wonderful video more special.
0803723865|5.0|When my daughter was 3, she could literally \\"read\\" this book to us from memory. The story is that catching, the illustrations great fun. It was her favorite, favorite book! Highly recommend.
B00008OWZC|5.0|Just when we thought we'd heard everything Led Zeppelin had to offer, along comes this magnificent, three-CD offering. Containing examples of the band's music up to and including Houses Of The Holy, this recording shows possibly better than any other what the band was really capable of doing. While this album is a &quot;must&quot; for any Led Zeppelin fan, it also offers an excellent introduction to the band for those as yet unfamiliar with their wonderful music.
B00008OWZC|5.0|Over the last few years I haven't purchased many musical CD's, mostly preferring to roll on down the highway to the tune of the radio.  \\"How the West Was Won\\" had to be an exception to that rule though, we're talking about a brand new Led Zeppelin CD containing some of their live performances from 1972.  It is of no wonder this one went straight to the top of the charts.  This CD far outperforms their previous release of \\"Remasters\\" which contained a few of their live performances but mostly studio recordings which are exceptional in and of themselves, but Led Zeppelin is one of those few rock bands in the history of the industry that outdid themselves on the live stage.<br />How the West Was Won contains three discs with nothing but the best of their live performances, to include a nineteen minute rendition of \\"Moby Dick\\" where the late John Bonham was nothing short of spectacular!  In short, even if you're a remote fan, this CD is worth every last penny and then some.  {ssintrepid}
B00008PX8P|5.0|This double DVD release is so good as to render &quot;The Song Remains The Same&quot; little more than an historical curiosity. While the production suffers slightly in places, possibly due to deterioration of the originals, the flair and ability of the band shines through, sometimes in unexpected places, such as the incredible feat of drumming performed by Bonham on &quot;Achilles' Last Stand&quot;. My first viewing of this consisted of myself and a friend sitting, mouths agape, unable to tear ourselves away from the TV, occasionally uttering expletives in surprise at the brilliance unfolding before us.
0553270435|5.0|This classic work explains the miracle of the power of mind in a clear and concise way and leads to continual self-improvement. Explaining the fact that each individual has two minds, the conscious and the subconscious, it proceeds to explain the function of each and how powerful the subconscious is. The great subconscious power must however be directed by the conscious mind, and that is the individual's responsibility. The various techniques for directing the subconscious, like affirmation and visualization, are clearly explained. Many helpful affirmations are provided to kick-start the process of healing and many examples are provided of how people solved their problems by correcting their thinking. This inspiring book is immensely therapeutic in cleaning cobwebs and dogmatic brainwashing from the mind. I recommend this as the very best entry point in the entire field of self-improvement. I also recommend [[ASIN:1567183395 Mind Magic Techniques for Transforming Your Life]] by Marta Hiatt. Other authors whose work is also of great benefit in this regard, include [[ASIN:0875165311 Catherine Ponder]], Louise Hay, [[ASIN:B000NTIPIW Emmet Fox]] and Frederick Bailes. Joseph Murphy's books on cultivating a consciousness of prosperity are very helpful too.
B000002J03|5.0|On this, potentially the most satisfying of all Led Zeppelin's albums, the band revisits the blues/metal style which defined their first four offerings. After the towering first album, the band realised their style more fully and the result was this album, which, in the recording style, the pure grunge emanating from Jimmy Page's guitar, and in Plant's harmonica, shows a distinct influence of Neil Young. This is the heaviest and grungiest of Led Zeppelin's albums, yet the band still finds room for a ballad and for a slow acoustic blues track which metamorphoses, almost shockingly, into the heaviest song on the recording, a re-working of Willie Dixon's &quot;Bring It On Home&quot;. Although this style was revisited many times by the band, for example in &quot;When The Levee Breaks&quot; on their fourth album, this represents the most coherent example of the genre, and, quite possibly, the greatest ever produced by any band.
B00008LDPU|4.0|A near excellent compilation of nine animated shorts taking place in The Matrix universe, The Animatrix is definitely worth owning if your a fan of Warner Bros. cash cow series.  Starting off with Final Flight of the Osiris (which also saw time in theaters debuting before the film adaptation of Stephen King's Dreamcatcher), an excellently computer animated (by the folks from Square Pictures who did Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within) short serving as a prequel to the events in The Matrix Reloaded and the Enter the Matrix video game.  The animation is excellent and has sure come a long way since the Final Fantasy film.  The Second Renaissance Parts 1&amp;2 show the beginning of the war between man and machine and the creation of the Matrix.  These shorts are a great backstory to the Matrix saga, and although it may seem a bit silly at first, it becomes quite chilling.  Kid's Story also serves as a prequel to The Matrix Reloaded; as we learn the origin of the young teen who was following Neo around in the film thanking him for saving him.  Keanu Reeves and Carrie-Anne Moss reprise their respective roles as voice overs in this short.  Program features a kabuki-warrior themed fight simulation which is directed by Yoshiaki Kawajiri of Ninja Scroll fame.  World Record (which is written by Kawajiri) features an Olympic track runner who seems to get faster and faster, while Beyond features a group of kids discovering a &quot;haunted&quot; house which allows them to do almost anything such as hang in the air and they soon have a run in with the Agents.  Detective Story is presented similar to old style film noir movies, and also features a voice over cameo from Moss, while the final short Matriculated, finds a machine seemingly turning over a new leaf on humanity.  All in all, The Animatrix is a great companion piece to any fan of the feature film series, and it shows some of the top names in anime in great form.
0385504209|3.0|If you are the kind of buyer of books like me (see the pretty cover positioned in the front of the store, better buy it) you can spend your money better elsewhere. If your a reader into science fiction/religion books with lots of attention to detail then this is your book. I not being one of those people still found the symbolism and the little details exciting and well played but the overall effect made me dizzy. If you don't pay close attention to the characters thoughout the entire book then you will find yourself lost many times.<br />Quite frankly I was dissapointed by this book. In the plot they're searching for something (I won't tell you what). At the end they were no closer finding it than in the beginning. I read through those 400+ pages to be lead nowhere further. If you like arts and code breaking this is your book. If you just looked at the cover, download a pictre of it and buy something a lot better.
B00005JM1F|4.0|One look at Old School and one will no doubt label it as another brainless gross out comedy, but that is far from the truth.  Despite it's cheesy plot and conflict, Old School succeeds where most other recent comedies fail.  Beginning with a great cast (Luke Wilson, Will Ferrel, and Vince Vaughn) as three thirtysomething friends with marital problems who are trying to rekindle the glory days of their college years.  For the most part Old School is roaringly funny, and while it does lag more and more towards the end of the film with a predictable ending, you'll undoubtadly be laughing your head off getting there.  The rest of the cast also features smaller roles from Leah Remini, Craig Kilborn, and Juliette Lewis, plus cameos from Snoop Dogg, Andy Dick, and Sean William Scott.  The bloopers & outtakes DVD extra is worth the price of admission alone.
B000002ITM|5.0|Metallica and Testament both switched from thrash to heavy crunch around the same time.  Problem was Metallica's sound got wimpy.  Testaments sound has the heavy crunch that Metallica was hopeing for and failed.  A very underrated album.  Check out Return to Serenity and Electric Crown for starters and compare to the [stuff] Metallica did and judge for yourself.
B00005JLEX|5.0|THE best American sitcom ever. Release it-NOW!!!
1573225517|5.0|Sadly, I saw the movie first. But the movie was great and I can't say that it ruined my experience of reading the book. Nick Hornby is a delightful writer and his books often carry an air of &quot;this is the story of my life&quot;. As a female I'm left hoping that men think the way Hornby writes while hoping that at the same time, they don't.<br />A self-centered music guru owns his own record shop and has been dating this girl for a long time. They have problems. She wants to leave. He wants to make her mixtapes of songs she doesn't even like and he thinks it's &quot;what you like&quot; and not &quot;what you're like&quot; that makes a person 'cool.' Hornby takes us on a journey through introspection and the reader will form an ambivalent relationship with the main Rob as they realize he is a child in his early thirties suffering from post high school adolescence. Rob is a jerk sometimes. Simple enough. But beneath his pretentious and obsessive nature, he's forming a human being. The book is a love story sometimes, a coming of age story at others.<br />But most enjoyably, it is a trip down musical lane. Rob's store sells vinyl records and its employees drive away anyone seeking mainstream music. Each one is childish and highly judgemental but well learned in music and the arguments about music pass the days and book along hilariuosly.<br />Rob has an obsession with lists that at first seems tiresome but later becomes interesting and helpful to any music fan. Also notable are the rules of the mix tape which hold true. This is a geekster sort of novel passing itself off as chic. But no worries; the pretense and comedy are mature and moving. The love isn't mushy at all (maybe part of the problem..) but it's somehow more real than all that fantastical stuff. Hornby's first novel is quite enjoyable and a good foundation for his career.<br />And hey, if it seems like his books are written to be movies, I assure you that it doesn't devalue the books at all. The movies complement the books rather than disgrace them as say in the case of Stephen King.
B00005O5CM|5.0|I've never been a Reese Witherspoon fan; however, Legally Blond has changed that opinion.  Witherspoon not only carries the movie, but shines as the eternally optimistic if not nave Elle Woods who initially believes that success in life is predicated on what others think of you, but grows to understand that belief in oneself is the key to personal success.  The film actually reminded me of Goldie Hawn in 1984's Protocol; like Elle, Hawn's \\"Sunny\\" is an eternally optimistic blond stuck in a fish out of water situation.<br />While Witherspoon glows, the rest of the cast spends its screen time playing stereotypical roles that help \\"Elle\\" develop the inner confidence to carry on.  However, it is Luke Wilson, playing Witherspoon's champion \\"Emmett\\" that delivers a performance that one only sees once every 19 years.  Not since Chris Sarandon played opposite of Goldie Hawn in \\"Protocol\\" has an \\"actor\\" so effectively played an emotionless piece of wood.  Like Sarandon, Wilson is tall, dark haired prop, and performs adequately.  We know he is acting when he cocks his head (support), gooses his neck (encouragment), and wears a white suit to show he's the good guy.  But the movie isn't about Elle and Emmett, its about Elle and the producers were correct to place Wilson in this role to prevent a real actor from drawing attention away from Witherspoon.<br />Despite these flaws, this is Witherspoon's movie and its worth 90 minutes of your time.  Sit back, relax and just try not to think too hard.
0385720920|3.0|Chuck Palahniuk continues his legacy of bizarre storylines that highlight some flaw in society as well as a problematic citizen bothered by those flaws. It started with \\"Fight Club\\" and resurfaced with \\"Survivor\\". Each novel is a piece of work and leaves the reader wondering just what exactly is Palahniuk thinking of? Where does he get these ideas?<br />Victor Mancini: protagonist we love to hate, and yet idolize. He constantly screws over rich people by faking choking in high class restaurants. His actions are based on the philosophy that once someone saves your life they feel responsible for you. Mancini uses the money to fund his mother's stay in a 'nursing' home while he works a day job as an eighteenth century recreation to support himself.<br />In the past Palahniuk's writing has been severe and sharp, not for the easy stomach or fragile mind. Choke is no different, but it leaves something to be desired. Chuck carries on in his inclusion of random but useful tidbits of information and even incorporates a philosophy of human character and pessimism, but the novel isn't pulled together. The twists are entertaining until the last fifth or so in which they become ludicrous and so scattered that things feel discombobulated. And maybe that's intentional. But unlike Fight Club and Survivor, Choke doesn't offer much insight and the loose ends stay pretty loose. I am reminded of Douglas Adams' Hitchhikers Trilogy in which the fifth book succinctly ends the phenomenal series with one unsatisfying paragraph.<br />While these sorts of wrap ups may be for shock value or the author just trying something new, they leave a bitter taste in the mouth. Endings don't have to be happygolucky or even complete, but to so hurriedly finish off a novel is in poor taste and is quite uncharacteristic of Palahniuk. All said, though, the book *is* interesting and gripping, and I would recommend it to someone desperate for something new.
B000002KCF|5.0|Occasionally a recording comes along that makes you realize why the recording studio was invented. If you like Steely Dan, Antonio Carlos Jobim, and Billie Holiday, Art of Tea is your next blissful pursuit.
B000002UA7|4.0|Kate Bush is in desperate need of a newer collection. Since this was released in the vinyl era, it now should have more than 12 songs, and it's 25 years old! It really needs remastering, as I have to crank the stereo to hear it across the room. And of course it should include songs from her last couple albums. Take this collection, add \\"Rubberband Girl\\", \\"This Woman's Work\\" and \\"King Of The Mountain\\", plus a few, remastered. That's the \\"whole\\" story.
0380778556|4.0|WOW! What a great book! This was actually my first real &quot;Grown-Up&quot; person novel that I have ever read, and im only 14 yrs old! (well, technically, I was late into my 13tnh year when I read this, but you get the idea!) My mom actually reccomended this to me, as I had to read a book atleast 300 pgs. at length for a school project, but it hardly felt like it was an assignment! Though at first it may seem like you may NEVER finish it for people my age, it flys right by! CAUTION: Do NOT read the sequel!
B00006F7S4|4.0|Man. This is no Mellow Gold, but it is incredibly mellow. It's like the anti-Midnight Vultures too. All good albums, but this is great. Get out the headphones for this one. It's that almost passed-out delivery from Beck, over a slow strumming guitar, over little \\"blips and beeps\\". A depressing alt/country record, with subtle electronica sprinkled throughout. I will forever keep this cd for the songs \\"Golden Age\\" and \\"Lost Cause\\" alone. If you're a fan of Neil Young, break-ups, Wilco, rainy days, Ryan Adams, or anything cool, get Sea Change.
0385504209|1.0|No, I'm not here to comment on any aspect of Brown's treatment of Christianity. When I read this book, I was merely looking for a gripping historical novel. Unfortunately, this book fell far short of the mark. The major weakness is Brown's unaccomplished writing. He displays just about every habit of a poor writer: characters tend to overreact to obvious events, the author feels compelled to explain every simple idea to the reader, unnecessary excuses for necessary plot elements (e.g., French characters speaking English) are introduced repeatedly, the author attempts to create tension through the tired cliche of ending each chapter with a pseudo-cliffhanger (&quot;she couldn't believe what she was witnessing!&quot;) which is resolved later in the book, the dialogue is stilted, and so on. Even the main theme of the book (obvious from the start), which is intrisically interesting regarless of your religion (or lack thereof), cannot overcome the author's incompetent writing. To be fair to Brown he does seem to have researched this book, but he just didn't have the skill to put it all together.
B000002H33|5.0|This is simply the best album ever recorded. Every song is genial. This albuem is the main reason why Metallica is the greatest heavy metal band. A must-have for any heavy-metal fan.
B00005JM1F|5.0|Ok, granted this is not a thinker, but it's one of the funniest movies I've seen in a long time.  The comparisons to Animal House etc are a little bit off, I think. The humor is really more of a modern variant, sort of dry with clever timing. Picture Wes Anderson (Rushmore, The Royal Tennenbaums) and the Coen brothers (the Big Lebowski, Fargo) getting falling-down drunk.<BR>The three main chacters are all excellent. Luke Wilson plays the likable straight-man, with some of the more subtle humor of the movie (I use 'subtle' in a relative sense) as he responds to all the absurdity.  Vince Vaughn is beautifully ridiculous as the mover and shaker of the frat. To make a fight club analogy, he is the proactive Brad Pitt to Wilson's reactive Edward Norton.  Will Ferrell is also at his best - a wonderful loser, making us simultaneously cringe and laugh as he blunders through his life.  <BR>There is perhaps a little too much emphasis on the plot, which is pretty much the standard for a college movie (the evil dean is trying to get rid of the fun people).  But I suppose a little plot is necessary, even in a film like this.
B000002NIW|3.0|Ok, I own 3 deftones cd, Around the Fur, The White Pony, and Deftones (Self-Titled). My own summer (shove it) has to be the greatest Deftones song ever. Then there is Headup, wow, awesome. And then there is the rest of the cd......... Not creative, their creative juices weren't really working for them there. There is no depth to the songs, really good heavy metal wise, but i know local bands who write better stuff. Deftones (Seft-Titled), and the white Pony is really were I became a Huge Deftones Fan. The album really hasn't grown on me, and there aren't enuff songs on the cd, aka not enuff variety. I was going to give this cd a 2, but because they have really grown to make better music I gave this cd a 3
6305949980|5.0|I have long appreciated stop-motion animation.  Since childhood, Christmastime was the best time of year.  Not because of the gifts and festivities, but because that is the only time when network television would air the Rankin/Bass Christmas specials.  Tim Burton's work on \\"Nightmare\\" brought back the giddiness I felt as a child.  The direction is flawless, but if not for Danny Elfman's composing, I am not sure this would be the same film.  My 2 year old son loves this film, and can sing bits of \\"What's This\\", as it is his favorite song.  I recommend this film to everyone, from 2 to 92.  My son had no problems with this film, although I do know some older children who were less than impressed.
B000002HPV|5.0|The first word that comes to mind when I think of &quot;Homogenic&quot; is WOW.  Bjork has never been exactly mainstream, but on this album she delves into experimental sounds like never before - and succeeds.  The second word that comes to mind is weird, but it's a very good weird.  <br />First of all, look at the cover.  Look at it carefully.  On &quot;Debut&quot; and &quot;Post&quot;, Bjork appeared as her normal, quirky self.  But on the cover of &quot;Homogenic&quot;, she adopts a cold alien-geisha identity.  The result - with the enormous, space-age hair buns, the strange nails and dress, and the inhuman eyes - creates a profoundly disturbing image.  But it reflects the album, for this was a turning point in her career.  It showed her maturity as an artist, gave insight into her personal feelings, and definitely revealed her true weirdness.<br />Hunter - The album opens with the eerie drumming of &quot;Hunter&quot;, as well as the haunting strings and simplistic vocals by Bjork.  It's a very stark, very cold opening, but it is beautiful, like being stranded in the middle of the Arctic tundra.<br />Joga - Easily the best song on the album, Bjork's masterpiece.  The lush strings and the rhythms of the drum machine make this a song full of emotion.  The complex rhythms are accented with Bjork's vocals, which have never sounded so good.<br />Unravel - Beautiful.  This is a slower song that, after &quot;Joga&quot;, is nice.  The synthesizers are beautiful, the lyrics simplistic, and the melody is gorgeous.  It conveys a feeling of both sadness and love.<br />Bachelorette - Another excellent song.  Many people say it sounds like a movie soundtrack, which (if you mean by its epic scale and fantastic vocals) it does.  The lyrics here start to get a little strange (&quot;I'm a fountain of blood in the shape of a girl&quot;), but nevertheless are wonderful.<br />All Neon Like - I cannot for the life of me understand the lyrics of this song, but its strangeness makes itclearly not mainstream.  It's probably one of the strangest on the album, Bjork's voice accompanied by wine glasses and a pumping, hypnotic drum machine.<br />5 Years - The beginning is very interesting, with a synthesizer playing a very simplistic rhythm, but then static crunches are added to give a distinctive, almost danceable beat.<br />Immature - Immature is a more mainstream song than the two that come before it; in it she scolds herself for being so &quot;immature to think he could replace the missing elements in me.&quot;  It's a good song, but not the best.<br />Alarm Call - The most mainstream song of the album, with a danceable beat, likeable lyrics (&quot;I want to be on a mountaintop with a radio and good batteries), and wonderful beats.<br />Pluto - Without a doubt the most cathartic, intense, and weirdest song on the album.  A little intense to listen to if you're in a good mood, but when you're sad or angry, there's no better song to scream - literally - to.  It gives the feeling of being trapped in a chaotic tunnel with no way out; All the anger, pain, and frustration Bjork has been alluding to in the previous songs comes out full-force.<br />All Is Full Of Love - &quot;Pluto&quot; stops abruptly, leaving the listener still ready to scream, and then the faint synthesizers of &quot;All of Is Full of Love&quot; come in.  Whereas &quot;Pluto&quot; tore open your inner wounds, this song heals them.  One of the most beautiful songs I've ever heard, Bjork's melodious lyrics are accompanied by a Japanese string instrument and a synthesizer.<br />It seems that the album &quot;Homogenic&quot; is characterized by two aspects of music: simplicity and intense beats.  The stark simplicity of &quot;Hunter&quot;, &quot;All Neon Like&quot;, &quot;5 Years&quot;, &quot;All Is Full of Love&quot;, and even &quot;Pluto&quot; give the album a cold feeling - which actually works.  This is the most personal and least accessible of Bjork's albums to date, so I suggest if you're new to her music you start with &quot;Debut&quot; and then work your way chronologically...you'll see why when you listen.<br />This is the album that shattered her quirky Icelandic pixie image and signaled her maturity as an artist.  Though it is truly great, it is not for everyone.  Listen to the samples (you'll need to a couple of times...these songs take time getting used to) and see for yourself.  Undoubtedly &quot;Homogenic&quot; is - and will always be - Bjork's greatest album.
0151006903|5.0|This is one of the great shaggy dog stories of all time. But, as the author is Umberto Eco, it means that a whole lot of other things are going on as well. Baudolino is a barely literate Northern Italian peasant who somehow a close friend of Frederick I Barbarossa, the 12th Century Holy Roman Emperor. He feels grateful to his emperor, and strives to take his leadership to the next level, by an embassy to the lost Christian realm of Prester John. As a suitable gift to the mythical ruler, Baudolino takes an old drinking cup of his father's and calls it the Holy Grail.<br />Frederick goes along with the whole scheme -- anything to escape those endless wars with the petty Northern Italian states -- and sets out to the East. History states that Frederick drowned while crossing a river enroute to the Third Crusade. Eco invents a classical locked-room mystery to account for the emperor's death, and late in the book provides a neat answer that also satisfies the historians.<br />The whole story is told to a Byzantine official whom Baudolino saves. While they escape the ravages of the Fourth Crusade with its sacking of Constantinople, Baudolino spins an incredible tale encompassing much of the medieval bestiary and then some. On one hand, he is the most incredible liar who never lived: His kingdom of Prester John is located in one of those eternally disgruntled Muslim states of Central Asia in which, if there were ever any unicorns, they were long served as shish-kebabs.<br />There is a story about Freud and a mythical patient who spins out a long story for the great psychologist. \\"That's very interesting,\\" said Freud. When the patient admits that the whole story was bogus, the response was, \\"That's even more interesting!\\"<br />Baudolino IS the Middle Ages personified, except for the minor detail that he is not much of a believer in this age of faith. Where the old maps say, \\"there be dragons here,\\" Baudolino shows you the dragons. Perhaps, a more true statement is that Baudolino is the Medieval Imagination personified. Bogus or not, he created worlds within worlds that are endlessly enthralling. Be prepared for a wild ride in what must be one of the best books written in the last ten years.audolino is the Medieval Imagination personified. Bogus or not, he created worlds within worlds that are endlessly enthralling. Be prepared for a wild ride in what must be one of the best books written in the last ten years.
B00008PX8P|5.0|From the first notes, in spectacular DTS (or Dolby or stereo), you feel like you're onstage with Led Zeppelin.  The video quality is very good, considering what they had to work with, and the audio quality is superb.<br />The first disc is early Led Zep, where they play some covers to fill their set out.  It's raw rock, with a skinny Bonzo bashing away.  It's exciting to watch and listen to.<br />The second disc pulls together several shows from 1972 to 1979.  Even though Bonham gets bigger and Page gets skinnier (i.e. alcohol and heroin) they still rock well.  The Knebworth concert footage at the end shows Led Zep jamming away on the newer songs.  Sadly it hints that we missed out on quite a lot with John Bonham's untimely death.<br />The DVD shows a few things that aren't apparent from listening to the records.  \\"Whole Lotta Love\\" changes quite a bit from the early version to the Knebworth version.  John Paul Johns uses a pick on some songs.<br />All in all, this is a great, great, great DVD.
B00008PX8P|5.0|Fellow Zep fans rejoice!  This is the one we've been waiting for.  The discs feature performances spanning from 1969 to 1979 with over 4 1/2 hr. of live music.  Okay, some of the visuals are lacking,(remember, they're from bootlegs, what do you expect?), but the crystal clear audio more than makes up the difference.  The acoustic numbers alone make this worth the money. It is a true must have for die hard Zep fans. The best part is that there are no silly fantasy sequences to muddle through ala TSRTS.  Buy it now.
B000092ZYX|4.0|I love radiohead unequivocally. I think they're one of the few bands worth listening to, consistently out there. I mean seriously, music today is predominantly garbage - people put out albums not with the purpose of making a dent in the musical world, but making a financial killing off the popularity of one poppy single. If you've been listening to radiohead for a while, you know they're the real thing. If you're a newcomer, you're in for a refreshing, albeit often depressing treat.<br />HttT can be listened to in a number of ways. radiohead themselves have disclaimed the political element of the album/various tracks in various interviews, but I think that was a bit disingenuous. I disagree QUITE A BIT with their politics. But the music is simply divine. Whether you're a die-hard neofascist or Ralph Nader himself, there's no denying that radiohead knows how to rock - and keep you thinking, contemplating at all times.<br />As for HttT itself, it's definately one of their best. A lot of people who were disappointed with the \\"direction\\" the band took in Amnesiac seem stoked about this one (although I thought Amnesiac was quite good too). A lot of comparisons have been made to the Beatle's White Album; both that album and this one bandy about the musical playing field a bit...listen to I Will immediately followed by Backdrifts and you'll agree. As for the standout tracks, as with much of radiohead's stuff, some will immediately hit you as amazing - some will hit you as \\"huh?\\" and some will grow on you. All have some intrinsic appeal. My immediate favorites were \\"Where I End and You Begin\\" \\"2+2=5\\" \\"Scatterbrain\\" \\"There There\\" and \\"Wolf at the Door,\\" in about that order. They're all awesome though...I suppose my least favorite song would be \\"Myxomatosis,\\" which strikes me as particularly whiny and almost too synth-oriented. But this is certainly a CD worth having, whether you just want somethin to chill with or are looking for a new sound.<br />I take off half a star because radiohead's yet to exceed the level of perfection reached in OKC, which, if you don't own - YOU SHOULD (before HttT). But this one comes close.<br />**** 1/2* out of *****cause radiohead's yet to exceed the level of perfection reached in OKC, which, if you don't own - YOU SHOULD (before HttT). But this one comes close.<br />**** 1/2* out of *****
B00008PX8P|5.0|Fellow Zep fans rejoice!  This is the one we've been waiting for.  The discs feature performances spanning from 1969 to 1979 with over 4 1/2 hr. of live music.  Okay, some of the visuals are lacking,(remember, they're from bootlegs, what do you expect?), but the crystal clear audio more than makes up the difference.  The acoustic numbers alone make this worth the money. It is a true must have for die hard Zep fans. The best part is that there are no silly fantasy sequences to muddle through ala TSRTS.  Buy it now.
B00008LDPU|5.0|This is what I LOVE about the Matrix:  when you think you've got it all figured out, you'll read a review from someone else putting a whole new twist on the story, making you discover aspects of it you didn't quite catch before.  I can personally spend hours happily reading all the reviews connected to any Matrix product, always fascinated at the power it has to make people think.  As a fanatic of anything Matrix, I wanted to get this DVD even though I must state that I was not an anime fan to begin with and didn't expect to like all the material.  Well, I was proven wrong.<br />True, not all 9 shorts are of equal quality, each one with its own animation and storytelling style.  Whether you'll prefer one over the other really depends on your personal tastes.  In my case, I have my favorites but must admit that each piece, even the ones which I feel are weaker, have some redeeming qualities which make up for their shortcomings.<br />\\"Final Flight of the Osiris\\" is without a doubt my personal favorite.  This story could easily have been a part of Reloaded but since that movie was quite long to begin with, it was a very good idea to include it here instead.  From the creators of \\"Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within\\", the animation all in CGI is even better this time around, with a few years of technological progress.  Some of the characters are so well done that they almost feel human, especially the male lead Thadeus.  The story is erotic, chilling and moving at the same time.  A must see.<br />\\"The second Renaissance Part I&II\\" is my second favorite with a backstory to how the machines have come to enslave humans.  I love the new spin this has put on the story where we discover that the machines are not as totally evil as we had previously thought.  Quite violent and disturbing with images that will stay with you for a long time afterwards.  Not for the squirmish and definitely not for kids.<br />I also have to mention \\"Matriculated\\".  I really loved it even though I saw that quite a few reviewers didn't seem to agree.  It is the most abstract short here with a lot of psychedelic and very colorful imagery which is a big part of why I loved it.  I also appreciated the reversal story where a robot is immerged into a virtual world created by the minds of several humans so they can entice him to join them in their resistance against the machines.  The animation style was very much to my liking and I really loved the robot who ends becoming quite likable, therefore complicating the Matrix story even more, adding a very interesting spin to the mix.<br />\\"Program\\", \\"Beyond\\", \\"Kid's story\\" and \\"A Detective's story\\" are engaging as well with different animation styles and stories I liked in various degrees.  Only \\"World Record\\" is, in my opinion, not as strong as the others and I found myself not really connecting to its very unusual animation technique nor its somewhat static plot, even though it is still worth seeing.<br />The extras are also noteworthy and I found myself captivated by the different directors and various crew members explaining how they came to craft these shorts with a lot of patience and dedication.  Finally, for me the ultimate proof that this DVD is a must resides in the fact that after viewing it, I got the urge to seek out some classics in the Japanese Anime world, even though I really wasn't a big fan of it before.  The Wachowsky brothers succeeded in my case to convert an anime neophyte into a fan.  No small feat.<br />Any Matrix fan has got to see this.  And remember, one element which is very important in the Matrix world is to retain the freedom to make up your own mind and form your own opinion.  Don't let any negative reviews keep you from seeing this.  And once you've watched, write a review and put your own spin on it!
B000002UJQ|5.0|At first, all I heard was excellent musicianship...most people would be content with that.  However, after much contemplation, I have begun to UNDERSTAND Radiohead's message.<br />A PIG IN A CAGE ON ANTOBIOTICS<br />If you truly understand that, you will be on your way to solving our world...
B000092ZYY|4.0|Radioheads' &quot;Hail To the Thief&quot; will, most likely, be hailed as one of the best albums of the year although this probably isn't Radiohead's grand opus. Personally, I like early Radiohead (&quot;Pablo Honey&quot;, and &quot;the Bends&quot;). I believe that there isn't any shame in going back to your roots, especially if your a band like Radiohead. It seems that nowadays if you want to push the musical envelope you need to throw in weird computer beats and blips. Of course, this album is more than that but ,personally, I think that Radiohead has taken this as far as it can go. <br />   I don't see why people are calling this a &quot;pop&quot; album. Sure, &quot;There there&quot; is fairly well radio played but I don't think most of the album is catchy enough on the first listen to be a radio album...which isn't a bad thing. Like most of the post &quot;OK Computer&quot; albums this CD requires more than one listen to fully appreciate it. Personally, I don't look too carefully into lyrics but, if you can hear them, this could be one of radioheads lyrically best albums. &quot;Myxomatosis&quot; lyrically is quite good.<br />  The art of the album sleeve is done in typical radiohead fashion. The Special Edition is basically a roadmap design. The cover design is pretty interesting; listing seemingly random words  but when put together they form a nice thematic whole. <br />  I can see this album making &quot;years best&quot; top ten lists but I don't think that its all that far away from their previous albums. I praise Radiohead for trying to push the envelope and try to give  what the fans want and not what radio and mass media wants... although they get that exposure any way.
B000002UYZ|5.0|I thought this Cd was great. When I first got into the Beatles when I was around 10 years old, I got this for my birthday, and I couldn't stop listening to it. <BR>If you are a Beatles fan, this is the album to get. I personally loved She Loves You, All My Loving, Help!, Michelle, In My Life (For those unfamiliar with the title, it's also known as the Providence theme song), and Girl.<BR>If you like this mix of music, then you might also want to check out the Blue album, with songs from 1967-1970.
B00008PX8P|5.0|Should you buy it if you just like Led Zeppelin music and are not really a great fan of theirs?  YES!<br />there is more than enough in this this DVD set to keep you buisy for a few weeks...I mean it takes many sittings to take in the entire set....this is a great thing. The footage is excellent over all and the audio is just ridculiously mind blowing....what I didn't like was the cheesy effects and editing that were used during the 1975 footage but it still looks like it was shot yesterday. The 1979 footage at Knebworth was shot with video but this version is has been altered to look like film...well it doesn't change much except for the audio which was mixed way better than the circulating bootleg version.  The TV appearances and music videos are funny to watch and have stunning performances. In the end you really feel like you got more than your moneys worth. There is enough diverse material here to really make  a hater into a lover:)
B00008S2VG|5.0|Just because an album is different to what has been done before is no reason to condemn it. No, it's not &quot;Ray of Light&quot;, &amp; I for one am glad of that. She has never repeated herself &amp; I hope she never does.  I think this is one of her best albums ever. The music that stays with you the longest is not necessarily the stuff you like on first listen. (If you want that, buy a top 40 compilation.) However, Hollywood is as about as accessable as you can get, &amp; Nothing Fails is a classic reminiscent of Like A Prayer.  The more you listen the more you will enjoy it, &amp; it will remain in your cd player permanently.
0385504209|1.0|Brown is a competent writer - and he has some cursory knowledge of the history of icons & symbols. But if ever there were proof that \\"a little knowledge is a dangerous thing\\" then this is it. Similarity in symbols doesn't prove conspiracy. Some of the leaps to make connections are quite ludicrous. And the author's smug denunciation of Christianity is quite grating at times. The howlers about the Council of Nicea, the Crusades, & the gnostic gospels have been noted in other reviews. One particularly egregious mistake is the repetition of the charge that DaVinci was a homosexual. This is the sort of innuendo that the modern age loves - though there is almost no evidence for it outside of some nasty comments by Leonardo's enemies. Leonardo would be incensed by the charge (though perhaps amused by the charge that he was Grand Prior). The facts of Leonardo's career are fascinating without having to invent a second, secret career for him.<br />The charge that Christianity has suppressed the \\"divine feminine\\" because Christians are hung up about sex would be laughably funny if it were not so ludicrous. Symbology professors should be required to read up on the marriage of Martin & Katy Luther before piously assuming that only modern liberal members of the literati have really understood sex.<br />The other reviewers are correct in referring readers to Umberto Ecco for a better job at this genre. The Name of the Rose is well worth the read! (and the history is actually good - not concocted!&lt;BR...
B00005JM09|1.0|Terminator and Terminator 2:Judgement Day shined gloriously in the sci-fi/action movie franchise. Not to mention, these are two of many James Cameron films that spectacular. Now, we have a 2003 Terminator movie. Terminator 3-Rise of the Machines. Even the title \\"Rise of the Machines\\" makes it sound like something out of The Matrix blended with a terrible Star Wars movie that was not made by George Lucas (just giving an example.) The movie looks like its strictly all big bang special effects with terrible acting with cut outs from the previous Terminator films. Here's the prediction of huge flaws for T3.<br />1. Arnold looks really old and not as strong as he used to be. Back then, Arnold has huge cannons on his arms, where now, there still pretty big, but not enough to make him ar big and scary as he was in the previous films. We might see him as much weaker in this film :-(<br />2. A FEMALE TERMINATOR WITH A NAME UNORIGINAL TO THE MOVIES! I believe her model is Termi-Matrix or something like that. In the previous films all Terminators were classified by numbers EX. the infamous T-1000. We can already tell that the directors and producers are trying to vear away from the classics and making something fresh and new, which in my opinion, will not come out good.<br />3. John Connor looks like a wannabee, trying to be rough and tough Backstreet Boys member. The John Connor they had in T2 was awesome. He was sporting the scars on his face and rugged look, where in this one, he's got clear skin and a bratty face. <br />4. No Linda Hamilton = no Sarah Connor. This is dissapointing to me, because I loved Linda Hamilton's character, Sarah Connor. She played magnificently, and I'm really going to miss that crazy women.<br />5. All of the action sequences look like something out The Matrix and a huge anime film with tons of karate and outrageous gunfights. Hopefully the movie wont be filled with action. In the previous two, there was awesome, heart punding action, but they eventually slowed down and focused more on the story and character development.<br />6. NO JAMES CAMERON! Without James Cameron directing T3, you won't have an awesome addition to the Terminator movies. He's the man that started it all!<br />Overall, T3 just looks like something that the fans demanded to be made, and Hollywood finally gave into it. Like the crew wanted to make it but didn't really want to, so they threw new things in to make it interesting for themselves.
0451167716|5.0|This is the book by which all other novels in the same genre are judged, but few can compare to it. This is also the first book which introduced me to the facinating life of organized crime, which has become normal in America. This is also the first book which introduced me to Puzo's other works, which are equally amazing as his most famous one. But be advised: this book is not for you if you do not share an interest in the mafia or organized crime.
B00005RDCA|5.0|I have been familiar with this album for as long as I can remember.  I was born the same year that this album came out, and I remember as a child hearing this album and thinking that Grace Slick had an incredibly sexy voice.  Her singing was my introduction to the opposite sex.<br />I have heard comparisons of this album to any Beatles album, and the comparisons are correct.  This album matches anything that the Beatles put out during the same period.  The unfortunate thing about this album is that only two of the songs, \\"Somebody To Love\\" and \\"White Rabbit\\" are the only two songs that get airplay on the radio.  There is so much more on this album that is very contemporary, and I am positive that radio listeners would love the other 9 songs on the album if they heard them.<br />The first song on the album, \\"She Has Funny Cars\\", is probably the BEST song on the whole album.  The others are very close runner ups, but \\"She Has Funny Cars\\" really rocks.  Other great songs are written and performed by Marty Balin, like \\"Today\\", \\"Comin' Back To Me\\" and \\"3/5 Of A Mile In 10 Seconds\\".  The second side of the album has Embryonic Journey, a great instrumental, and I'm surprised that this has never found its way into a movie.  Another song that I love is \\"How Do You Feel?\\".  The lyrics of this song are wonderful.<br />Again, FM radio stations that play what they call \\"Classic Rock\\" should play the other songs on this album on the radio, so more people would buy the album on CD.
B00003CXXJ|5.0|I love shrek because it shows that cartoons aren't only for kids and it's not afraid to put some crude humor in there and I hate it when parents complain about a cartoon or movies having bad lingo then they say the four letter word in front of there kids.<br />(u know what the 4 letter word it don't make me spell it out)<br />AND OMG I LOVE SHREK 2 EVERY GO SEE IT K. IT'S FUNNIER THAN THE FIRST ONE. WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO I\\"M OUT PEACE
B00001PE4D|5.0|This is a fantastic film.  First I would like to talk about the main actors and actresses. <br />Sarha Michelle Gellar -  She portrades her character fantastically. When you are watching this film you feel like she is the actual character. She plays Kathryn, the rich, drug taking, who always gets what she wants. <br />Ryan Phillipe, - He plays Kathryn's step brother who is also very rich and spoiled. He did a good job starring this character, because its not the easy character. He deals with the script well and acts very natural. <br />Reese Witherspoon, She plays Anette the innocent virgin who doesnt know about Sabastian and Kathryn's bet. Reese is one of my favorite actresses and I think she is fantastic in every movie. She just seems natural in every situation. Shes not that pretty though.<br />Storyline - Sebastian is a women eating man and he sees the article by Anette about why she remains virgin and how she is going to stay that way, Kathryn makes a bet with him that if he sleeps with Anette then he can sleep with Kathryn who he has wanted since their parents got married. But if he cant sleep with Anette then she gets his classic car. The whole movie is about the bet, but I am not going to tell you the ending.  You will have to buy it and find out!!
B000092ZYX|5.0|Radiohead has done it again. The only album I haven't heard of theirs is their first, but every other one is magnificent: music you can't possibly stop thinking about and (I hate to say this but...) works of art. 'Hail to the Thief' is no exception. This album has been claimed to be a return to roots.<br />Hardly.<br />It's a mix of older and newer Radiohead, but not. I know I'm contradicting myself but listen to the album and then their previous recordings and you'll understand what I'm saying. They incorporate the miraculous guitar work of 'The Bends' and 'OK Computer' with the electronic noise and inaccessibility of 'Kid A' and 'Amnesiac,' but the end result is a destination Radiohead has never been before. If you want proof of this, listen to the opening track, 2+2=5. The song opens with a strange guitar rhythm in 7/4 time and ends it with a fabulous blend of guitar and vocals, making this an 'Amnesiac' version of Paranoid Android off 'OK Computer'.<br />Every song is fantastic, even if some (i.e. The Gloaming, I Will) take a little while to fully appreciate. However, if you were a fan of Radiohead's later work, getting used to these tracks shouldn't be a problem. The best songs on this album in my opinion are the afore-mentioned 2+2=5, Where I End And You Begin, There There, A Punch-Up At A Wedding, Myxomatosis, and especially the closer, A Wolf At The Door, which is definitely Radiohead's best and (arguably) the best song ever recorded. The songs are helped out tremendously on this record by the addition of more guitarwork, but especially by Thom Yorke's voice. This is the best his vocal work has ever been and it's nice to have it at the forefront of the band once more.<br />Simply put, this is a masterpiece. But what else can we expect from Radiohead?
B00004Z459|5.0|I cant belive that so many people write reviews on here saying that linkin park is pop music and that there a manufactured boyband well i just want to tell you all that isnt true linkin park DO NOT sound like the westlife etc and they were not put together by some money hungry record guy and yes they are talented and if you listen to there lyrics you'll see that they have deep meaning to them. Ansd they dont swear in any of thier songs which goes to show that you dont need bad launguage to be the greatest band in the world
0201626632|3.0|Easy, fun read, but Feibelman didn't provide any reasons to his opinions that you wouldn't think obvious or have heard of before. There also are NO statistical data to give weight to Feibelman's wisdom. I don't recommend this book if you are serious about your future academic career, but if you are looking for a very easy read of stuff you probably know already then by all means buy the book.
B00006F7S4|5.0|i've been a beck fan since odelay...loved that one, then mutations, great, just different style. then midnite vultures caramba!...then this one, at least at the beginning it was difficult. the good thing is that i forced myself through the first time i listened to it because i was going to his concert...after forcing myself the first time, the album actually forces me to listen to it...i am not kidding, i imagine it must be a similar feeling a baby has whenever they take his pacifier off, its like: there is something missing and i dont know what it is, then i get my pacifier and everything is ok. if you are not sure of how cool the cd is, just read his journal at beck.com and you'll start liking him.
B00005JLXE|1.0|Omg, this movie was TERRIBLE, ben affleck....need i say more i mean come one ben affleck is in it!! The only reason it gets one star as opposed to no stars is because Jenifer Garner is so beautiful. im so sorry i wasted money on this movie.
B00007J5VN|5.0|Shirley McCain is wonderful in this movie.  Kudos to Gwen Verdon, but unlike many other movie versions of broadway shows, this movie has the ultimate actress for the role.  She is strong, naive, vulnerable and eternally hopeful as well as charming.<br />In additions there are great musical numbers, of which, Rich Man's Frug alone is the worth the price of the dvd or tape.
B00008LDPU|5.0|Abslutely amazing. I think it is even better then Reloaded. All of the stories are deep and intresting, and the animation is top notch. For all those matrix fans out there, if you want to know a lot of background, this is a great source. <br />The stories don't follow the storyline of the matrix movies, but are side stories in the same universe and a couple stories about the origins of the matrix.
B000053V9F|5.0|We will never know for sure anything about John Fitzgerald Kennedy's death, except one thing: he wasn't killed only by Lee Harvey Oswald!!!! After seeing this movie, JFK will be your hero for ever. It's the best movie about his death. See it if you want to discover what really happened on November 22nd. Three bravos to Oliver Stone and don't forget to buy the book for more details!!
B00005JL3A|4.0|This movie is actually realy good. I am not a fan of the game at all, and despise almost all game=>movie conversions (and movie=>game conversions), but with some arm twisting I was convinced to watch it, and it kicked ass. The movie is actually pretty scary, and I don't scare easily. It sucks you in and leaves twisted images in your head after watching it. Definately at least a rental.
B00005JKZV|4.0|This movie and its predecessor are simply the best fantasy films I have ever seen.  Richly shot, fantastic visuals.  However, I would rent this edition as there will be a deluxe edition out for X-mas.  I ended up with two copies of \\"Fellowship..., one of each version.  The Deluxe editions are definately worth the extra $.<br />That is...unless you need both! :)<br />Definately get one of them!!!
B000089RVX|5.0|this is one hell of an album where every song is awesome. i just hope that when they'll come out with their second album it's not gonna sound the same.
B000002BFL|2.0|This is the kind of album we can count on from Springsteen when he's in a folksy, populist mood. But it just doesn't hit home, both in terms of Springsteen and folk populism in general. As a Progressive, I can appreciate his lyrics about injustice heaped on the downtrodden. But this music is sung and played without any conviction. The music is unmemorable. The synthesizer adds a welcome touch, though. When Springsteen moves to the plight of immigrants, he loses me. Those of us who have had our careers and workplaces ruined by legal and illegal immigrants can't work up any sympathy. To be a complete artist, Springsteen needs to produce albums like this and &quot;Nebraska.&quot; But if the songs aren't tuneful and the performance is half-hearted, it won't do him or us any good.
0156027321|4.0|My reading experience of this book was rather mixed. The first part of the book was beautifully written, humorous and poignantly sensitive when discussing religion. During the middle 125 pages I alternated between repulsion at the savagery and utter boredom. Then the last part of the book truly turned my mind upside down. I literally found myself turning back and rereading those \\"unbearably boring\\" parts. The book resonated in a way that did not cause me to reevaluate my beliefs, but instead to examine how I came to those beliefs.  Not an entirely pleasant read, but a profound, worthwhile book.
B00008PW3Q|4.0|This is a great CD-- I love every song on it; every track is a keeper.  Lindsey Buckingham is as awesome as ever; in fact I think he gets better and better.   The only drawback on this CD is the absence of Christine McVie--her vocals are needed for the incredible harmonies that are Fleetwood Mac to me.
B00005Q4CS|5.0|Wow[...]<BR>It is one of the most painfull, sad, dramatic movies I have ever seen. It is so potent. Everything in this movie including great cinematographic effects and haunting music drives to that painfull cathartic ending, which implodes in the end.<BR>When you watch a movie about addiction and addicts you know you're in for no happy ending. Requiem For a Dream blows all the borders of bad ending into something not manny movies have managed to accomplish before.<BR>Fall of the main characters is so dramatic, total, and sad. You can't avoid being touched and moved by their pain and hopeless demise.<BR>Great movie.<BR>Painfully sad but great.
B00008DDSC|4.0|This movie is not released in Korea. My friend who lives in the states sent me this DVD title a couple weeks ago.<br /> Secretary is a movie about a woman and man whose lives were not very happy and pleasant and they have lonely souls. They met at work and have a Sadist and Masochist relationship which would be regarded as a very unusual beginning of a romance in a movie.<BR>  It's not easy to tell abnormality apart normality talking about love. I don't even think they have a line between them. People generally say voyeurs and sadomasochists are shameful. However, things can be different just depending on the way you are looking at things and this movie seems to suggest that idea to me.<BR>   The first thing I come up with this movie article is how intricate subject this movie is dealing with. A boss with sadomasochism? And the secretary would love to enjoy the relationship? This movie has turned a sexual harrassment in a work place into a romance. It should be intricate and dangerous. This film has whole serious, comic, erotic, and romantic aspects. <BR>   I am not going to judge this movie rashly because of the S&M relationship. I will watch in an open-minded way and see if there is something I can learn about people and their relations which I didn't know before. I know there are always good chances to meet a good movie with this kind of attitude.
0553565915|5.0|I heard an interview (probably on NPR radio) with Betty Eadie, and wrote down the name of this book on a slip of paper because I found her to be quite fascinating. On page 29 she writes \\"I heard a soft buzzing sound in my head and continued to sink until I felt my body become still and lifeless.\\"  I have always described my own slip into unconsciousness the same way, a buzzing sound in my head that reminded me of a humming electrical wire.  Pages 58 and 59 were amazing, simple and somewhat obvious truths that escape most humans -  she deals with the powers of postive thinking at length.  Believe it or don't, this book makes for excellent reading. I have no criticisms - it's an excellent book, an easy and enjoyable read.
B00008DDSC|4.0|This movie is not released in Korea. My friend who lives in the states sent me this DVD title a couple weeks ago.<br /> Secretary is a movie about a woman and man whose lives were not very happy and pleasant and they have lonely souls. They met at work and have a Sadist and Masochist relationship which would be regarded as a very unusual beginning of a romance in a movie.<BR>  It's not easy to tell abnormality apart normality talking about love. I don't even think they have a line between them. People generally say voyeurs and sadomasochists are shameful. However, things can be different just depending on the way you are looking at things and this movie seems to suggest that idea to me.<BR>   The first thing I come up with this movie article is how intricate subject this movie is dealing with. A boss with sadomasochism? And the secretary would love to enjoy the relationship? This movie has turned a sexual harrassment in a work place into a romance. It should be intricate and dangerous. This film has whole serious, comic, erotic, and romantic aspects. <BR>   I am not going to judge this movie rashly because of the S&M relationship. I will watch in an open-minded way and see if there is something I can learn about people and their relations which I didn't know before. I know there are always good chances to meet a good movie with this kind of attitude.
0385504209|5.0|best book ever, lots goin on, page turner - once u start u cant stop, full of cool facts.  im gunna read it a second time.  Awsome for anyone
B00005JL78|4.0|I didn't see this film in theater because of the Tom Cruise over-hype at the time, and I didn't believe that Spielberg could make a truly noir film. (I believe both A.I. and Shindler's List had too much of the Spielberg sugar coating for my taste, and was sure it would present here. I was wrong.)<br />While the ending has a too neat wrap-up common to Spielberg's films, I loved the mystery and the paranoia that he interwove into the story. Like any good thriller, we only know as much as the flawed main character does, and we are drawn into his tortuous journey to discover the truth.<br />Is our hero, Det. Anderton (Cruise), going to commit murder as PreCogs envisioned? Do any of us really have choice if our actions can be foretold? Are there sinister forces behind the controversial PreCog program?<br />And there are scenes that play out like a nightmare -- eerie, surreal, threatening. Just as Anderton thinks he's closer to solving the mystery, Spielberg throws him (and us) into yet another one that must be unraveled.<br />Along the way we are introduced to an entirely believable future vision of a society that has paid a large price for security. A world in which very little is held privately, and even those experiences or memories may not even be true.<br />This film kept me thinking long after it was over. Like I said, the ending was a little too Hollywood, but thankfully Spielberg laid off the sugary stuff to present, on the whole, an intriging and controversial look into our possible future.
B00005JKED|2.0|This is part review and part rant. But mostly rant.<br />I had absolutely no desire to see &quot;Training Day.&quot; Nothing about the previews appealed to me. The word-of-mouth from friends was... Well, they mostly bad-mouthed the movie, as they were at a loss to understand why so much praise had been heaped on this far-fetched &quot;cartoon.&quot;<br />But I decided to see for myself and pay the rental fee at Blockbuster. Thank heavens I didn't waste my hard-earned dollars buying the DVD because having seen the movie once, I have no desire to see it again.<br />For the record, I admire Denzel Washington -- certainly one of our greatest actors. I found his performance in &quot;Philadlephia&quot; absolutely reviting -- as Oscar-worthy as Tom Hanks'. Of course, 1993 was a banner year for the Best Actor category, with Liam Neeson in &quot;Schindler's List&quot; and the overlooked Kevin Costner in the terribly under-appreciated &quot;A Perfect World.&quot;<br />So, my main interest in &quot;Training Day&quot; was seeing the performance judged superior, by the Academy Award voters, to Russell Crowe's in &quot;A Beautiful Mind.&quot; Crowe's portrayal of John Nash was brilliant -- tormented, arrogant, pitiful. And he ages 40 years in the course of the film.<br />Now I don't know a thing about Russell Crowe the man, but his work in &quot;A Beautiful Mind&quot; was astonishing. Truly one of the greatest performances I've ever experienced.<br />I'm afraid the 2001 Oscar race for Best Actor was a popularity contest, with the final decision based more on the actor's personalities instead of their performances. It was Denzel's time, his turn, whatever.<br />Sadly, that his moment of triumph would be associated with &quot;Training Day&quot; only adds more tarnish to the Academy Awards, ranking right up there -- or down there? -- with other Oscar travesties such as &quot;Shakespeare In Love&quot; over &quot;Saving Private Ryan&quot; or, for that matter, Crowe for &quot;Gladiator&quot; over Hanks in &quot;Castaway.&quot;<br />I actually found myself snickering through much of &quot;Training Day,&quot; which stretches your willing suspension of disbelief with a series of ridiculous violent confrontations and implausible coincidences, then snaps it with an utterly unconvincing, completely outrageous climatic fight scene. Apparently, Ethan Hawke's rookie detective could fly.<br />How can some call this movie gritty and realistic?<br />Which brings me back to my BIG RANT about &quot;Training Day.&quot; Denzel Washington's character is representative of the entire movie: Over the top . . . overhyped . . . overrated . . . totally lacking subtlety . . .<br />His performance seemed so forced, inappropriately silly rather than sinister.<br />As for the director, he obviously held the reins loose throuhgout the film, but he should have definitely pulled them in during that ludicrous third act.<br />&quot;Training Day&quot; is a definite rent-first, buy-later DVD. I don't regret renting it. I watched it and didn't necessarily hate it, yet I can't recall anything I particularly appreciated about the film.<br />There are some interesting though not necessarily memorable moments in &quot;Training Day,&quot; but as a whole it was pretty hallow.
0792165020|5.0|a fake somebody than a real nobody.\\" Chilling words from the pseudo-sympathetic Tom Ripley. I thought Matt Damon was extraordinary, and gave a fanatastic performance; however, having said that, I enjoyed the scenes with Freddy and Dickie and Marge much more; I did not LIKE the character Damon portrays, and at times (most of the time) it was hard to watch him, knowing what he was and what he was capable of. Freddy, especially, was wonderful and one of my favorite scenes was the one where he confronts Ripley in the \\"out-of-the-way apartment.\\" He busts him superbly, (love the piano bit, and the eye rolling...he is so natural!) a gallant act that costs him much more than he would have paid, were he to have known the ramifications. The most heart-breaking character to me in the entire movie was Peter...you somehow knew that Marge would survive, albeit with great difficulty, but Peter was tragic. My only complaint is that it rather glorifies a serial killer...and portrays him in a way too sympathetic light. Hey, we all would love to take on the real life role of a rich man's son/dfaughter, but fortunately we (at least most of us) have moral limits. Sanctimonious? Yes, but from my heart.
B00006SFBD|5.0|In their 6th observation, \\"Deliverance\\" (part one of a two cd set, the softer album \\"Damnation\\" being part two) Opeth have once again devised a breathtaking album packed with all the great elements that make their music unforgettable, raging death metal vocals and riffs to hard and progressive metal guitars melodic vocals. If you've never heard Opeth before and are asking yourself, \\"how is that possible?\\" oh trust me, it IS. At first, my favorite Opeth cd was \\"Blackwater Park\\" but now it is somewhat of a tie with this lovely piece of work up there. The opening track, \\"Wreath\\" is some of the heaviest stuff by Opeth to date, while \\"A Fair Judgement\\" sort of sounds like something that could have been on \\"Blackwater Park\\". The title track is quite possibly my favorite song on the cd, with a somewhat lengthy ending which brings to mind some very Meshuggah-esque guitar work. \\"For Absent Friends\\" is yet another beautifully written instrumental piece that serves as somewhat of an interlude so you may go about gathering your thoughts, only to be knocked on your {bottom} again. As always, each song is as long as hell (the average running time about 10-13 minutes) but it never does seem to feel like it's really that long, does it? Even on previous songs such as \\"Black Rose Immortal\\" (20-minute epic, check it out!) all of the songs feel like they are actually going somewhere and never feel drawn out or anything. Bottom line: one of Opeth's BEST to date. Definitely check it out if you're either a new fan or have been into them, you gotta pick this cd up. You won't regret it.
B00005JLRT|1.0|It seems that creators of this movie didnt know what to do with it to make it good and ended up cramming alot of old cast memeber and references to make you feel all nostalgic about this film and ignore its failings. <BR>   Lets see, Will Wheaton was back for a cameo, as was Whoopi Goldberg for a line or two. Hey even Voyagers Kate Mulgrew made an appearance(How did someone like her ever make it to admiral when she and her whole grew got lost for years?) and Picards clone makes refrence to the Borg. And Data even seems to have forgotten he had a brother himself earlier that evil Tinman Lar?Lor? he now acts as though this hunk of junk they found, B-4, is the only other Data module there is. Hell with all this trivia im not suprised they couldnt find room for an engaging storyline.
1572703253|5.0|Many readers and critics have commented that the opening of Agatha Christie's &quot;The Body in the Library&quot; is not merely lighthearted but really funny. A sleeping couple is informed by an hysterical maid that there is a body in the library, a fact first the wife's and then her spouse's sleepy brain refuses to accept. Since neither of them have a clue who she is, we know we are off on a typically atypical Christie jaunt.<br /> The tongue-in-cheek feeling you will detect in the first chapters is utterly proven when a young lad includes Christie's own name in a list of mystery writers who sent him their autograph. Even the detective's inappropriate name, Inspector Slack, adds to the humor of this lovely little mystery.<br /> I notice that while the David Suchet television versions of the Poirot mysteries stray from the details of their sources, the Joan Hickson Miss Marple ones are fairly faithful. Therefore if you can get your hand on the HBO recording of this episode, you would probably enjoy reading the book first and then watching the video.<br /> Or perhaps better still, you can now hear the entire novel read on Audio Partner tapes or CDs by that stalwart British actress, Stephanie Cole, who is best known as the crusty Diana Trent in &quot;Waiting For God.&quot; Her deep voice can capture those of the male and female characters quite nicely; and while she does not go in for any grand displays of voice characterization (a problem when Christie does not identify the speaker during long exchanges), she is never less than arresting and a good choice for this sort of reading.<br /> The playing clocks in at 5 hours, 23 minutes.
B00000IMCU|5.0|Although too gory for some, this movie is fun to watch. What if you and a couple of others were left to live in a freaking mall!!<BR>Dated by style, but current by premise, this movie will remain as one of the graetest zombie flicks ever.
B000092ZYY|5.0|This CD is really great. I am a long time fan that enjoyed Kid A and Amnesiac, but prefer the styles Bends, Pablo Honey and OK Computer. Hail To The Thief brings back the familiar Radiohead sound without being at all redundant. It's not too &quot;out there&quot; like their last two albums. It's beautiful and a must have for those who like real music. Highly recommended! You won't be disappointed.
B000092ZYX|5.0|Don't expect to get The Bends out of this CD. however, don't throw it aside either. This CD is easily Radiohead's most diverse and easygoing creation yet and incorporates the standout sections of Kid A and Amnesiac with tinges of OK Computer, The Bends, and some new stuff thrown in to build upon their past successes. The CD strings from many many diverse influences-going from Pink Floyd to DJ Shadow to Glen Campbell to Elvis Costello all in one swoop without missing a beat-except maybe on that creepy clapping in We Suck Young Blood. Standout tracks are definitely A Punchup at a Wedding, 2+2=5, and Scatterbrain. However, the best way to listen to this CD is as with any Radiohead CD; with you,a pair of headphones, an open mind. Don't skip a track. It's the way it was meant to be heard. Screw singles. PS: If you remember when Thom actually sang, you'll easily grow to love this CD.
B00005JLPK|5.0|Very artistically created, a visual feast, the film is a delightful work of art. And Salma Hayek's portrayal is enchanting.
B00006DEFA|5.0|The greatest movie ever! Amadeus is the movie of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and the court composer, Antonio Salieri's counterattack from his obssesive jealousy toward Mozart's gifted talent. The saddest thing about Salieri is that he is the one who distinguishes and admits his ability is nothing, comparing to Mozart's. However, he successes at the end to obtain his wish-to remove him from this world. Indeed, it seems his victory was guaranteed; however, he became the one who had to live longer to convey the Mozart's talent and great work to the world. Though he became what he wanted to be-a great composer, he could not the one who provides and carries God's voice through music. It was Mozart. Is he a real victim in the movie? Find out now! I strongly recommend to watch it.
B00008MZ0O|5.0|Great movie, heard pretty good reviews for it so I decided not to rent it but buy it at a local kmart. As soon as I popped it in my DVD-Rom (don't have a real DVD player besides Xbox) I was caught by the 3 F's of Street Racing. Before I was slightly interested in cars and sport cars but they were able to pull me into it completely. Great movie... rent at least.
B0000542D2|3.0|This is a very disappointing DVD re-issue of one of the all-time classic rock & roll movies.     First of all, where the heck is \\"Running Jumping Standing Still\\"? That was supposed to be included on this release but was not. Instead we get interviews with any number of obscure people (Isla Blair, Gordon Millings) and very little else of interest besides the feature itself. Not that the feature isn't worth owning on its own, but it clearly could have been released as a single disc, given the less-than-essential \\"bonus\\" material on disc 2.     Secondly, there seems to have been a very odd decision made to show the film in a matted 1.66:1 aspect ratio instead of the original 1.37:1 ratio. This decision smacks of some marketing weasel saying \\"It's got to be widescreen! People like widescreen now!\\" but the simple fact is that you're not seeing the entire movie when you watch this disc. Now, I realize that this film was made very quickly and it's not like matting a shot that the director and cinematogapher labored over for six weeks, but at the same time, DVDs should, simply stated, attempt to show the movie as close to the way it was originally created as possible. Full stop.     In short, what should have been the definitive version of this great movie has only left me hungry for more.
B00008PX8P|5.0|&quot;It&quot; dissed Zeppelin in favor of Justin Timberlake. The world as we know it is gone, and I'm not reading any reviews anymore, while I hide under my bed.
B00000016O|5.0|Let me start by saying that the Eagles are my favorite band of all time and this is my favorite album of all time. To this day I still play the CD in my car whenever I visit the West Coast and drive through Los Angeles.    The sound takes me back to a good time (1976-77), when the Eagles were hot and L.A. was such a fertile ground for the music of the day. When they recorded \\"Hotel California\\" in '76, they'd had about five years of togetherness to refine their writing skills. And they'd just brought guitarist Joe Walsh on board. The result was the best work of their career.     We had been exposed to concept albums throughout the years (\\"Rubber Soul\\" and \\"Days of Future Passed,\\" for example). But this collection of audio gems set a whole new standard for concept albums. With wry, witty, flowing poetry, the Eagles told of various pitfalls of life in LA-LA land. While the Eagles were great at identifying the problems they found, they weren't trying to solve them. \\"We don't have any answers,\\" they said. \\"We're just reporting.\\"    While the album serves mainly as a vehicle for Don Henley lead vocals, it showcases top-notch writing from all the Eagles. Even guitarist Don Felder got into the act by co-writing the title song with Glenn Frey and Henley. The ballads are among the finest songs in this collection. \\"Wasted Time\\" may go down as the best ballad of Henley's career. Walsh's \\"Pretty Maids All In A Row\\" revealed a tender side to the veteran rocker. \\"Try And Love Again\\" by bassist Randy Meisner is a work of art that proved to be his Eagles swansong, as he quit the band before they started their 1977-78 tour. As a closer, Henley's \\"The Last Resort\\" is a not-so-subtle recounting of how a once-pristine place was plundered by greedy settlers.     Additionally, the group's musicianship was its best ever here. While Henley's continual obsession with producing the best possible recordings grated on his bandmates, the hassles were worth it. \\"There is no perfection in rock androll,\\" Henley has said. \\"It's not about perfectionism. Rock and roll is cultural graffiti. We tried to get things in tune. We tried to get things in time. We tried to write lyrics that made sense, and if that's perfectionism I have no apologies to make for it.\\"    Unfortunately, the rifts that resulted caused the Eagles' breakup in 1981. But they left behind a vault of musical nuggets that will survive through the ages. Of all their great albums, this clearly is the best.
B00003CX95|5.0|Braveheart is a gem in a stack of needles.  So often, movies of this sort, medieval action, are mostly blood-baths.  While those movies hold their value in their own right, none shines as brightly as Braveheart.  Utilizing a storyline that is more than &quot;group-one vs. group-two&quot;, Braveheart creates an epic that is so rich because it captures the spirit of the historical William Wallace and his contemporaries.<br />Indeed, this is probably the most important aspect of this movie.  While many people argue about how inaccurate this film is, they do not realize that it is the spirit of the past that created the events, not the events which created the spirit.  For this reason, Braveheart shines most brightly.  The writers have created a story which portrays not only the complete love for Scotland by the peasantry; it also portrays the complacency and self-serving will of the nobility of Scotland.  This movie, while not being completely accurate, appeals to emotion over the logic of historical facts.  This makes it most fulfilling.<br />Indeed, Braveheart is an excellent movie for anyone.  Portraying the struggle for independence by true Scottish patriots, Braveheart appeals to emotion over factual history.  By these means, it moves watchers, bringing them into the lives of people who are willing to sacrifice everything for something they love.
0790734060|5.0|By far one of the greatest movies ever made.  Whether you like classical music or not, you'll like this film.  Where do I begin? <br />The plot is extraordinary and very engaging from the first few minutes.  The acting is 100% genius from both Abraham and Hulce.  Both seem to almost *belong* to their roles.  Hulce is eccentric and maddening.  Abraham is devilish while retaining a certain charm and evident shrewness.  The imagery?  Spectacular, clearly the best costumes, set, and photography are the best I've seen.  even the supporting actors and acctesses, albeit unknown at the time, do a wonderful job of perfectly fitting the story with nuances and humor that complete the Best Movie Award Oscar that it received.<br />Clearly, the movie is long.  But honestly, even if you don't enjoy Mozart's music, the storyline is enough to keep you captivated.  Abraham deserved the Oscar and then some for his portrayel of a young and old Saleri.  If you are a movie buff and haven't seent his movie, it is a MUST, no question about it.  If you haven't seen Amadeus yet, this is most likely due to a sort of itimidation or utter dislike of classical music.  Get over it, because you've missed one of the best storylines of the 20th century!!
B000050X31|5.0|This opera is fantastic. The fact Kathleen Battle is in it makes it 5 stars. What a voice and what beauty. Don't forget to buy her CD'S also.
B00008GKEG|3.0|This documentary is essential for Beatles fans, especially for the large amount of live footage from the early discs.     But as I've watched this set, I am constantly stunned by the unbelieveably poor quality of the digital video in scene after scene. The picture constantly looks like some medium-quality JPEG on my computer (even though I'm watching it on a large TV screen). I'm not talking about the fact that the video is taken from decades-old film sources; there are clear, obvious digital artifacts in scene after scene (and, to a lesser degree, in the 90s interview footage). Given that there is less than 2 1/2 hours of content on each disc, it seems like they could have used better compression on this material and presented it as clearly as possible.    This set contains unquestionably the worst DVD image quality in my collection.
B00008H2LE|5.0|Except for the total track time (37 mins or so). This cd is amazing.  As much as I love their beats and voices, the lyrics are what get me.  This record just seems more polished and reflective.  It seems they are at the point where they reflect on their experiences (more thoughtfulness than anger like Hybrid Theory), knowing that how it made them stronger and emotionally tougher, how they are not the only people that experienced that pain, and that they can exist without that pain, and that its over, that they are &quot;numb&quot; to it now.<br />A definite buy, you wont regret it.<br />-karthik
B00008YLV2|5.0|After seeing BHD in theaters I knew I wanted the eventual DVD, but something made me wait and I'm glad I did! Black Hawk Down's new DVD release is better than the previous in every way with three commentaries, way more special features (hence the extra DVDs), and great mastering quality. I watch DVD movies on my computer with 2.1 speakers (or headphones sometimes so as to not disturb the roommate across the hall) so I can't speak for the various Dolby surround modes, but the image quality is excellent. If you have the previous DVD release sell it and get this one instead! Simply a great buy especially with Amazon's low price. :)
B00008PX8P|5.0|I could not sit down, I could not leave the room, and I could not but CRANK UP THE VOLUME. <br />Playing this DVD fills the void in my soul. <br />Thank you Led Zeppelin.
B000002P7R|5.0|Don't let the unappealing cover photo turn you away. South Saturn Delta is proof positive that Hendrix never composed a truly awful song, no matter how incomplete (keep in mind I've not heard any of the myriad bootlegs of his stuff). This CD is a perfect companion piece to First Rays; a sequel to the latter, if you will. But oddly enough, I find myself coming back to this album more than I do First Rays. Certainly not the best choice for Hendrix beginners, but for those of us who already love his work, it's really worthwhile. Highly recommended.
1563898586|5.0|After the events depicted in \\"Dracula\\" Mina Harker divorced her mealey mouthed husband and struck out on her own. The civilized world is danger, Sherlock Holmes is missing and believed dead  and Mina at the request of Campion Bond,( guess who's ancestor he is) and a mysterious person known as M, sets out to assemble a team up to the challenge: Dr. Allan Quartermain, Captain Nemo, Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, and the Invisible Man. The only trouble is Dr. Quartermain's hooked on drugs, Jekyll can't control Hyde, who still enjoys killing people and the Invisible Man is still a meglomaniac. Can Mina hold them together and get the job done? <BR>This is a delicious romp for the classic literature lover and for the graphic novel fan. I do have to say as other reviewers have pointed out, there are intense scenes in League. This is a comic book but it's not for little kids, okay? Everything that was hinted at in the books that all these characters are derived from is fully described here. If you're sensitive about violence you might want to wait for the movie to come out. I can't wait to read the next book in the series.
B00005JLT5|3.0|***1/2 \\"The Pianist\\" is a bit like \\"Schindler's List\\" as seen from the inside out.  The one flaw in that earlier film always seemed to be that, by choosing to make a Gentile - Oskar Schindler - the protagonist in his film, Spielberg turned the Jews themselves almost into background players in their own story.  That doesn't happen with \\"The Pianist\\" since the hero in this case happens to be himself a Jew - the real life Polish pianist and composer Wladyslaw Szpilman - who managed, through strength, determination and the assistance of a number of brave and caring individuals, to survive the horrors of that darkest and most inexplicable chapter in 20th Century history.<br />This is not to say that \\"The Pianist\\" is a better film than \\"Schindler's List\\" - far from it.  For while this latest work from Roman Polanski is a fascinating tale of survival in its own right, the film lacks the moral and psychological resonance that made Spielberg's work such a universally acclaimed masterpiece.  Because Schindler was an outsider looking in, he was forced to make the kind of moral choices that Szpilman never really faces in the situations in which he finds himself.  In fact, the one time that the protagonist is confronted with such an option - having to decide whether or not to betray his people by joining the Jewish police whose job it is maintain order in the Warsaw ghetto - Szpilman flat out declines the offer.  This may, indeed, be the way circumstances played themselves out in real life, but this elimination of any kind of psychological depth makes \\"The Pianist\\" seem frustratingly superficial at times.<br />Although the film isn't as rich and powerful as it might have been, \\"The Pianist\\" is still exceptional on a lot of different levels.  First of all, Polanski and his screenwriter, Ronald Hardwood, both of whom won Oscars for their work here, capture the brutality and sadism of the Nazi regime with frightening candor and almost \\"reportorial\\" objectivity.  As in \\"Schindler's List,\\" people in this film die in very believable, very graphic ways.  Particularly interesting are the early sections of the film in which we witness the gradual steps leading up to the eventual deportation and extermination of the Warsaw Jews, beginning with the curtailment of Jewish civil rights, then to the branding of them with stars of David on their clothing, then to their imprisonment in the Warsaw ghetto, and, finally, to the inexorable walk to the gas chamber.  \\"The Pianist\\" doesn't take us that far on screen, but we sure sense the presence of those death camps in the loss of Szpilman's entire family.  \\"The Pianist\\" brilliantly recreates this shameful era in recent human history and does so without becoming sentimental and pretentious in the process.<br />Adrian Brody won the Best Actor Oscar for his performance here, and he is very good indeed, especially given the fact that the role calls for him to be more of a reactor to the events around him than a catalyst.  Polanski and Hardwood have provided this fine young actor with a veritable tour de force assignment that he executes with a great deal of skill and aplomb.  Unfortunately, a number of the other characters - particularly those who go out of their way to help him - remain stubbornly enigmatic throughout.<br />\\"The Pianist\\" is an honorable addition to the list of fine films that have attempted to come to grips with the subject of the holocaust.  But, for my money, the best still remains \\"The Shop on Main Street,\\" the Oscar-winning Best Foreign Language film of 1965.  This superb Czech film does what \\"The Pianist\\" is never quite able to do, which is to find a way to involve us in the momentous moral dilemmas that undoubtedly faced many of the people involved in this life-and-death event.  \\"The Pianist,\\" by making its tale strictly a story of survival and not a study of human psychology, fails to illuminate much of what we really need to know about that time. And about ourselves.List,\\" people in this film die in very believable, very graphic ways.  Particularly interesting are the early sections of the film in which we witness the gradual steps leading up to the eventual deportation and extermination of the Warsaw Jews, beginning with the curtailment of Jewish civil rights, then to the branding of them with stars of David on their clothing, then to their imprisonment in the Warsaw ghetto, and, finally, to the inexorable walk to the gas chamber.  \\"The Pianist\\" doesn't take us that far on screen, but we sure sense the presence of those death camps in the loss of Szpilman's entire family.  \\"The Pianist\\" brilliantly recreates this shameful era in recent human history and does so without becoming sentimental and pretentious in the process.  <br />Adrian Brody won the Best Actor Oscar for his performance here, and he is very good indeed, especially given the fact that the role calls for him to be more of a reactor to the events around him than a catalyst.  Polanski and Hardwood have provided this fine young actor with a veritable tour de force assignment that he executes with a great deal of skill and aplomb.  Unfortunately, a number of the other characters - particularly those who go out of their way to help him - remain stubbornly enigmatic throughout.<br />\\"The Pianist\\" is an honorable addition to the list of fine films that have attempted to come to grips with the subject of the holocaust.  But, for my money, the best still remains \\"The Shop on Main Street,\\" the Oscar-winning Best Foreign Language film of 1965.  This superb Czech film does what \\"The Pianist\\" is never quite able to do, which is to find a way to involve us in the momentous moral dilemmas that undoubtedly faced many of the people involved in this life-and-death event.  \\"The Pianist,\\" by making its tale strictly a story of survival and not a study of human psychology, fails to illuminate much of what we really need to know about that time. And about ourselves.
B000000W5L|5.0|Ok, much to my embarassment, I just bought this CD today. Although all my life, or at least the part of it when I liked classic rock, everyone told me this album was incredible. Well, they were right. This is, without a doubt, the greatest Stones album of ever. Now on to the individual tracks.<BR>1. Rocks Off--without a doubt my all-time favorite Stones song. the sax, the guitars, incredible. 10/10<BR>2. Rip This Joint--Ok, nothing can possibly follow Rocks Off, but this does a remarkable job. Just straight up rock-n-roll. 8/10<BR>3. Shake Your Hips--Great cover of a classic song. Would be rated higher except that the Robert Randolph version is much better. 7/10<BR>4. Casino Boogie--Not the best Stones song ever, not the worst. Nice slower tune. 6/10<BR>5. Tumbling Dice--What can I say about this song? Incredible. It's the backup vocals that make this song so great. 10/10<BR>6. Sweet Virginia--Great slow, bouncing type beat with a nice sing-a-long feel to it. 7/10<BR>7. Torn and Frayed--Really cool song. I can't put my finger on it, but for some reason I really like it. It's got a little country feel to it. 8/10<BR>8. Sweet Black Angel--Not the best song on this album. Not bad either, though. 5/10<BR>9. Loving Cup--Now this is a very very good song. Great lyrics, great piano, great everything. 8/10<BR>10. Happy--The quintessential Keith Richards song. 'Nuff said. 10/10<BR>11. Turd On the Run--Ok, this song is incredible, and no, not just because the word \\"turd\\" is in the title. It's a great song. 9/10<BR>12. Ventilator Blues--This is actually a song I'd never heard before getting the album. Very good, but not great. 7/10<BR>13. I Just Want to See His Face--don't really get this song 3/10<BR>14. Let it Loose--Nice slower one. 5/10<BR>15. All Down the Line--Oh, the tempo's back up again. This is a good, if slightly average song. 6/10<BR>16. Shine a Light--Eh, not too good, not too bad. 5/10<BR>17. Soul Survivor--THIS is a great song. Not on the level of the 10's, butVERY good. 9/10<br />On the whole, this album is much greater than the sum of its parts. I LOVE this album. If you like the Stones or not, buy the damn album.
B00008OWZC|5.0|This is the most amazing CD I have ever listened to. Hearing the drum solo on Moby Dick or listening to Jimmy Page violin his guitar on Dazed and Confused make this CD worth buying alone. I had been a big fan of Led Zeppelin before this, but upon hearing them live it makes me wish i was alive when they were still around. It takes their music to a next level which I did not think was possible.
0783222955|5.0|Gregory Peck, as Atticus Finch, the small-town Alabama lawyer and widower father of two, does an outstanding job of acting in To Kill a Mockingbird.  He handles a difficult situation with the utmost level of professionalism.   He deals with racial hatred while teaching his two children that the world in which we live is filled with many types of hatred.   The lesson that he teaches is relived with every challenge that Atticus faces.   The strength Atticus shows us in dealing with the community and retaining the friendship of a wrongfully accused man is tremendous.    I would recommend this movie for families to watch as a family.   There is a strong message that we all can learn from on how to better deal with racial hatred.
B00008OWZC|5.0|I was a fan of Led Zepplin's during some of the band's best years, and more than two decades later I can vividly remember sitting around with friends and lamenting that the group had never released a real top-quality live album. <br />Finally, we have one.<br />My musical tastes have changed more than a little since the days I passed listening to Houses of the Holy and Led Zepplin II when I should have been studying my algebra notes. I picked up How The West Was Won on whim at an airport music store, hoping to enjoy a little nostalgia when I returned home. But what I got was far more than that: this CD may be one of the most enjoyable classic rock recordings ever made. Jimmy Page and Robert Plant are at their best here, with the kind of bold, bluesy and energetic intensity that inspired two generations of musicians. The editing is good, with little dead time between tunes, and diversity of styles from this single set make what is a fairly pricey item seem like a bargain.<br />Until I bought this CD, I had not listened to a Led Zipplin recording in years, but once I started listening to this it made me feel like it is the collection I had been waiting for all along. Well done ... I just wish it had come out a long time ago.
0385504209|5.0|I disliked Brown's previous book, Deception Point, because I know a lot about the subject matter and found many errors and over simplifications in the work. It made me angry that it received so much praise for \\"research.\\"<br />But, I was blown away by the Da Vinci Code.  Understand that I know practically nothing about the subject matter, but what I think I learned was fascinating.  So, it's a great read!  But, if his previous book is any indication, some of the \\"details\\" of the story might be a bit too glib.
0316666343|5.0|This is the story of Susie Salmon who is murdered by a serial killer who happens to be a neighbor.  The book isn't so much about the murder, but about how adolescent Susie deals with being in Heaven watching her family and about the traumatized family left behind, and how the family deals with their grief.<br />Susie is in \\"my heaven\\" which seems to be a heaven where restless spirits go.  Her spirit is very restless as she was killed during the bloom of adolescence, before she ever had a chance to grow up and become a woman.  She also had very close relationships with both of her younger siblings and had an especially close relationship with the tender father who is most crushed by her death.  She watches her family crumbling, unable to deal with their loss and tremendous grief, yet unable to reach out to each other.<br />During the story her family fractures apart and as she watches it happen, she tries to reach out to them.  She develops an amazing maturity watching the course of events as years pass.  She knows she needs to let her friends and family go, to go live their own lives, to mend their broken hearts, but can't seem to pull herself away.  She misses them and life itself so much.<br />This was so well written that you can imagine how the family left behind might feel.  You can also picture poor Susie, helpless in Heaven, unable to help and unable to move on.  Alice Sebold wrote this book with tremendous skill and the literary symbolism in the story really strikes a cord -- you want to read those passages again and again.  I read this book in two days and when I finished it this morning I sobbed ... when a writer can evoke that feeling, you know she's done her job well. This is one of the best books I have ever read and will treasure it always.
B00005JLEU|5.0|Both my 5 year old and I were absolutely riveted to this movie.  One of the best movies ever made, kiddie or no.
B00003JRCQ|5.0|\\"Persuasion,\\" the film, is a faithful adaptation of Jane Austen's final completed novel, and to my mind her finest book. It is directed, with subtlety and brilliance, by Roger Michell. The film is quite able to stand alone, on its own merits - you don't have to know Ms. Austen's work to be captivated by the pure magic of the romance, the Regency English period history, brilliant characterizations, color, music and costumes of this extraordinary drama brought to life on the screen. The movie deals with the same social issues as the book, especially the British class system. Rigid social barriers existed - and everyone wanted to marry \\"up\\" to a higher station - and into wealth. This is also a very poignant and passionate tale of love, disappointment, loss and redemption. The point is clearly that one shouldn't ever be persuaded to abandon core values and beliefs, especially for ignoble goals. There are consequences, always.<br />Sir Walter Elliot, Lord of Kellynch Hall, is an extravagant, self-aggrandizing snob, and a bit of a dandy to boot. He has been a widower for many years and spends money beyond his means to increase his social stature. His eldest daughter, who he dotes on, is as conceited and spoiled as he is. The youngest daughter, Anne (Amanda Root), is an intelligent, sensitive, capable and unassuming woman in her late twenties when the film begins. She had been quite pretty at one time, but life's disappointments have taken their toll and her looks are fading. She and her sister are both single. Anne had once been very much in love with a young, and as yet untried, navel officer. A woman who had been a close friend to Anne's mother, persuaded Anne to call off the engagement, convincing her that she could make a much better match. After much consideration, Anne did not follow her heart or her better instincts, and she and her young officer, Frederick Wentworth (Ciaran Hinds), separated. She has never again found the mutual love or companionship that she had with him.<br />The Elliot family is forced to financially retrench because of their extravagance. They lease Kellynch Hall to...of all people...Wentworth's sister and her husband. Elliot, his oldest daughter and her companion, move to a smaller lodging in Bath for the season, leaving Anne to pack up their belongings before joining them. She gets the Cinderella treatment throughout the film. Anne chooses this time to visit with her middle sister, an abominably spoiled, whiny hypochondriac, Mrs. Musgrove. She has made a good, but not brilliant match to a local squire. Charles Muskgrove, her husband, his parents, and their two younger, eligible daughters, Louisa and Henrietta, are delightful. There are wonderfully warm scenes of family and friends dining, dancing, hiking over the gorgeous countryside, and at the seashore, that bring the audience smack into early 19th century English life. It is at the Muskgrove estate that Anne meets Frederick Wentworth again, after his absence of seven years. He is in the neighborhood, because his sister is now in the area, residing at Kellynch, of course. Wentworth is now a Captain in the Royal Navy and quite wealthy. When their eyes meet for the first time, you can absolutely feel Anne's longing and remorse. Intense. I cannot imagine a better actress to play Anne than Amanda Root. She slowly transforms herself from a sallow, aging spinster to a luminescent woman in love - and this is Not just the makeup. Wentworth/Hinds is aloof with Anne, although civil. The man was hurtfully rejected once before and it appears that he still feels the sting of her snub. Now Wentworth is on the marriage market and Louisa sets her cap for him. Accidents and various adventures ensue, from the resorts of Lyme and Bath to the Muskgrove estate, bringing Anne and Wentworth closer together. The passion between the two is palpable, although Very understated, (this is Regency England after all). If Ms. Root is the perfect Anne, then Mr. Hinds is the best possible Wentworth. He is as large and virile as she is petite and feminine. He oozes sexuality...but again, he portrays his character with great subtlety. The entire production is brilliantly cast and the acting is superb<br />I think this is Ms. Austen's most passionate piece. Some scholars say that she modeled Anne Elliot after herself.<br />This remarkable film, like the novel, and the issues it tackles, is just as germane today as it was when written. Each time I view it, it just gets better. And the romance...well, no one does romance better than Jane Austen.ssible Wentworth. He is as large and virile as she is petite and feminine. He oozes sexuality...but again, he portrays his character with great subtlety. The entire production is brilliantly cast and the acting is superb<br />I think this is Ms. Austen's most passionate piece. Some scholars say that she modeled Anne Elliot after herself.<br />This remarkable film, like the novel, and the issues it tackles, is just as germane today as it was when written. Each time I view it, it just gets better. And the romance...well, no one does romance better than Jane Austen.
B000002KIK|5.0|This album is very underrated!It also took me a while to get into it,but if you are an open minded listener it should not be a problem to recognize the class of this album!<BR>No matter if you take the title-track,which is one of the best openers ever recorded,the thunderous Johnny Blade,the very atmospheric A Hard Road, or one of the more experimental tracks like the instrumental Breakout,this record is full of interesting ideas and genious songwriting! <BR>Open your mind,and give this masterpiece a chance!
B000092ZYY|5.0|they've done it already.<BR>another masterpiece.<br />2+2=5: it begins with a weird sound, like if it were a recording error. But not, there's no mistakes here. Thom's voice starts calm, like the guitar and the loop beat on the back. Once Yorke reaches a very high note, the drums, guitar and bass join him just to explote inside your head. 'And it's too late now...'<BR>The finest falsetto part comes where he sings 'Don't question my authority or put me in the box'. Amazing how the instruments can mix all together and help his voice to sound even highest and more powerful...
B00004XONN|5.0|I had heard of Radiohead in the past, but they had never caught my interest. Then, while I was watching Life As A House (an amazing movie if you're in the mood for an emotional trip - w/ Kevin Kline, Hayden Christensen, Kristen Scott Thomas..) I heard their song &quot;How To Disappear Completely.&quot; The song haunted me for weeks after, it was beautiful. Later, I heard the song on a Radiohead CD I borrowed from a friend. It is one of the best CD's I've heard in a very long time. I immediately went out and bought it. Radiohead has such an original sound and style. They are definitely a force to be reckoned with. This is a great CD, it's worth every penny.
0375757295|5.0|\\"Persuasion\\" is a great literary work, and, to my mind, Jane Austen's finest book. This was her final completed novel before her death, and was published posthumously. As is often the case with Ms. Austen's fiction, \\"Persuasion\\" deals with the social issues of the times and paints a fascinating portrait of Regency England, especially when dealing with the class system. Rigid social barriers existed - and everyone wanted to marry \\"up\\" to a higher station - and, of course, into wealth. This is also a very poignant and passionate story of love, disappointment, loss and redemption. The point Austen makes here, is that one should not ever be persuaded to abandon core values and beliefs, especially for ignoble goals. There are consequences, always.<br />Sir Walter Elliot, Lord of Kellynch Hall, is an extravagant, self-aggrandizing snob, and a bit of a dandy to boot. He has been a widower for many years and spends money beyond his means to increase his social stature. His eldest daughter, who he dotes on, is as conceited and spoiled as he is. The youngest daughter, Anne, is an intelligent, sensitive, capable and unassuming woman in her late twenties when the story opens. She had been quite pretty at one time, but life's disappointments have taken their toll and her looks are fading. She and her sister are both spinsters. Anne had once been very much in love with a young, and as yet untried, navel officer. A woman who had been a close friend to Anne's mother, persuaded Anne to \\"break the connection,\\" convincing her that she could make a much better match. After much consideration, Anne did not follow her heart or her better instincts, and she and her young officer, Frederick Wentworth, separated. She has never again found the mutual love or companionship that she had with him. Anne's older sister never married either, because she hadn't found anyone good enough! She still hopes, however, for an earl  or a viscount.<br />The Elliot family is forced to financially retrench because of their extravagance. They lease Kellynch Hall to...of all people...Wentworth's sister and her husband. Elliot, his oldest daughter and her companion, move to a smaller lodging in Bath for the season, leaving Anne to pack up their belongings before joining them. She gets the Cinderella treatment throughout the book. Anne decides to first visit with her middle sister, an abominably spoiled, whiny hypochondriac, Mrs. Musgrove. She has made a good, but not brilliant match to a local squire. Her husband, Charles Muskgrove, his parents, and their two younger, eligible daughters, Louisa and Henrietta, are delightful. They all tolerate Mrs. Muskgrove, barely, and adore Anne. It is at the Muskgrove estate that Anne meets Frederick Wentworth again, after his absence of seven years. He is in the neighborhood, because his sister is now in the area, residing at Kellynch, of course. Wentworth is now a Captain in the Royal Navy and quite wealthy. When their eyes meet for the first time, you can absolutely feel Anne's longing and remorse. He is aloof with Anne, although civil. The man was hurtfully rejected once before and it appears that he still feels her snub. Now Wentworth is on the marriage market and Louisa sets her cap for him. Accidents and various adventures ensue, from the resorts of Lyme and Bath to the Muskgrove estate, bringing Anne and Wentworth closer together. The passion between the two is sooo palpable, although Very understated, (this is Regency England after all). I think this is Ms. Austen at her most passionate. Some scholars say that she modeled Anne Elliot after herself.<br />This remarkable novel, and the issues it tackles, is just as germane today as it was when written. And the romance...well, no one does romance better than Jane Austen.cause of their extravagance. They lease Kellynch Hall to...of all people...Wentworth's sister and her husband. Elliot, his oldest daughter and her companion, move to a smaller lodging in Bath for the season, leaving Anne to pack up their belongings before joining them. She gets the Cinderella treatment throughout the book. Anne decides to first visit with her middle sister, an abominably spoiled, whiny hypochondriac, Mrs. Musgrove. She has made a good, but not brilliant match to a local squire. Her husband, Charles Muskgrove, his parents, and their two younger, eligible daughters, Louisa and Henrietta, are delightful. They all tolerate Mrs. Muskgrove, barely, and adore Anne. It is at the Muskgrove estate that Anne meets Frederick Wentworth again, after his absence of seven years. He is in the neighborhood, because his sister is now in the area, residing at Kellynch, of course. Wentworth is now a Captain in the Royal Navy and quite wealthy. When their eyes meet for the first time, you can absolutely feel Anne's longing and remorse. He is aloof with Anne, although civil. The man was hurtfully rejected once before and it appears that he still feels her snub. Now Wentworth is on the marriage market and Louisa sets her cap for him. Accidents and various adventures ensue, from the resorts of Lyme and Bath to the Muskgrove estate, bringing Anne and Wentworth closer together. The passion between the two is sooo palpable, although Very understated, (this is Regency England after all). I think this is Ms. Austen at her most passionate. Some scholars say that she modeled Anne Elliot after herself.<br />This remarkable novel, and the issues it tackles, is just as germane today as it was when written. And the romance...well, no one does romance better than Jane Austen.
B00006RU5B|5.0|Where to begin? Great lyrics, vocals, and a well-produced, heavy-but-crystal-clear sound make this one of the best rock albums in recent memory. I think that Tom Morello is really one of the most inventive guitarists around, and he hasn't gotten enough credit for the sounds he produces. Commerford and Wilk are in top form in the rhythm section, and Chris Cornell's wailing is as good as it ever was with Soundgarden. And I have to say that Audioslave sounds better than Rage ever did; I'm glad they lost the whiny rap of Zack de la Rocha and started playing REAL rock.<br />Best songs: Cochise, Show Me How to Live, Gasoline, Like a Stone, I Am the Highway, Light My Way, Shadow on the Sun.
B00008S2VG|5.0|From the reviews here, it sounds like a lot of people listened to &quot;American Life&quot; once, didn't hear &quot;Vogue,&quot; and decided to hate it.  At first, I was lukewarm on &quot;American Life,&quot; but it has stood up under repeated listening and has grown on me.  I now think this is one of Madonna's stronger efforts.<br />The CD starts off with five dead-on critiques of American culture.  She's not trashing America or complaining.  She's simply stating our culture has become very materialistic. Who can argue with that? Then, in the next four songs, Madonna offers a partial solution: personal relationships with family and respect for oneself are the keys to real fulfillment.<br />Beyond the themes &quot;American Life&quot; is a tremendous piece of work, incorporating elements of protosynth funk from the 80's, techno production, and folk.  &quot;Nobody Knows Me&quot; - a clever reworking of the classic Laid Back hit &quot;White Horse&quot; - is the most nasty-funky song recorded by anyone in years.  The rap on &quot;American Life&quot; is fine (no one's trying to be or expecting Dr. Dre here), the ballads are heartfelt and beautiful, and Madonna seems to heal her long standing father and mother issues in &quot;Mother and Father&quot; singing 'I've got to let it go; I've got to give it up.'<br />Admittedly, there are some lyrics that make me cringe, especially on &quot;I'm So Stupid.&quot;  However, every Madonna album has a song or two with bad lyrics so it's not like I was shocked by this.  What does bother me is how little praise she's getting.  I think her ongoing exploration of splicing techno and pop (which began with Ray of Light) is every bit as innovative in today's musical landscape as Joni Mitchell's pairing of jazz and pop was in the 70s.  In ten or twenty years, the people who pan these albums are going to be viewed as clueless.<br />This is without doubt the most adventurous CD to hit the charts in many years, and it's the most ambitious album of the year.  Madonna had a lot of guts to produce something like this, and I hope she continues to follow her muse.bum of the year.  Madonna had a lot of guts to produce something like this, and I hope she continues to follow her muse.
B00000AOUD|5.0|I am very much a fan of Jethro Tull.  This album made me one.  But unfortunately no Tull record comes anywhere near the beauty, genius, and overall musical quality of Thick as a Brick.
1590710037|5.0|Awesome.  It is one of the best books on writing I have read and I have read many.  He pounds the area that I have so much difficulty with:  Resistance, which is the thing that everyday strives to keep me from writing my stories.  Pressfield offers many helps here.
B00008O0WN|4.0|Ok,<br />So I MAY be letting the cat (or should I say Data) out of the bag here but, sometimes one need to speak the truth.(Don't ask me what that means, I'm on a rant here)I found the movie to be in the general Star Trek genre, someone needs help and the bad guy can't be trusted. I didn't see some of the twists in the movie coming and, the special effects had me watching the flick for a third time to soak them all up.<br />So, what more can I say? It's a good flick that set's the stage for yet ANOTHER sequel in the coming months.<br />Ciao!!
B0000640VO|5.0|Much crtiticism has been aimed at Jean-Pierre Jeunet for the way that he has \\"tarted up\\" Paris and in particular, Montmatre for this story of a day-dreaming do-gooder who cannot find her own true love (if Austen's Emma has been born a century later across the English Channel she might well be Amelie). But surely that is the point of cinema - in some part, we wish to escape the reality and drudgery of life for a couple of hours in which we can have our fantasies played out on screen. I must admit, that had I seen the Montmatre of the movie when I visited Paris in the mid-90's I might never have left.<br />Much of the charm of this movie comes from a star-making turn by newcomer, Audrey Tatou - her dark eyes are deep wells into which this viewer would love to jump and her cheeky grin is infectious - you find yourself giving off the same grin as you watch her commit her samaritan acts or in the case of the tyrannical grocer, Collignon, bring him down a rung ot two. Of course Tatou is greatly supported by the enfant terrible of French cinema, Mathieu Kassovitz, a world away from his character in La Haine, and inhabiting the role of romantic leading man with great aplomb. Jeunet regular, Dominique Pinon and Yolande Moreau as the weeping widow/concierge add deft touches of humour to a uniformly excellent supporting cast.<br />The look of the film is also its biggest drawcard - from the bright greens of the Metro to the fiery reds of the Porn Emporium where Nino works, the film is bathed in a glorious light and dazzles with each viewing. Jeunet came back to France after the traumatic experience of filming Alien Resurrection and with this film he shows that he can count himself amongst the great cinematic artists (along with Baz Luhrmann and Todd Haynes) working today.
B000002AGN|5.0|This CD features one of Dave's well-known songs- Take Five. Every song on this CD was well written. But did you know: Take Five wasn't supposed to be a hit at all? It was just supposed to be a drum solo for one of the guys in the band! Strange Meadow Lark is very easy-going, relaxing, song. The musical pharases just seem to flow gently right into one another. The one phrases that lasts 12 measures is just beautiful and well written.  I advise you to buy this CD today if you are a big fan of Dave Brubeck or of jazz music!
B000092ZYY|5.0|From start to finish, this is Radiohead's best cd.  I'm not sure my words will do it justice.  I would just say listen to &quot;Where I End and You Begin.&quot;  Then read the lyrics carefully, and you'll get a feel for the brilliance of possibly the most talented band on the planet.  This album is certainly best if you listen to it all the way through on a nice system (preferably headphones), and read the lyrics as you go.  But, it's also the kind of album you can throw into your car stereo and groove to while you're driving around town.
B000069AUI|5.0|It's rare that a band is ever able to top their first release, much less surpass it.  Yet Coldplay has managed to do just that with their sophmore release &quot;A rush of blood to the head&quot;, which arguably was the best album of 2002.  Each song on the album seems to compliment the one before and after it, linking them together in a chain of beautiful music.<br />The albums first song is &quot;Politik&quot;, a stunning track that engulfs you from start to finish.  &quot;In my place&quot;, which was the first single, is a melodic song oddly paired with rather powerful drums, another great song.  &quot;Clocks&quot;, the second single, is in my opinion not only the best song off of the album, but one of the most beautiful songs in the past 20 years.  Other highlights include &quot;The scientist&quot;, &quot;A rush of blood the head&quot; and &quot;Amsetrdam&quot;.<br />As I mentioned earlier &quot;A rush of blood to the head&quot; is one of those albums you can just get lost in.  There have been many times where I've found myself in such a trance from it that I forget what year it is.  Many wonder however if Coldplay simply used &quot;studio magic&quot; to enhance their sound and musicianship, I can tell you right now that it's not true.  Having seen them live recently I witnessed first hand what is rare these days: talent.<br />Years from now Coldplay will be looked back on as one of the great bands of our time.  Don't miss out, buy &quot;A rush of blood to the head&quot; and lose yourself.
B000002UJQ|5.0|You are only gonna run into an album this magical, this beautiful, and this powerful once in your life.  I doubt any band in the near future will be able to top this album (and this includes Radiohead, their follow-up's have not been on the same level as this) this album is beyond the \\"rating system\\" I would give it 6 stars if I could, go and buy it and listen! if you're patient with this album it will reward you like no other album ever has.
B000092ZYX|1.0|It's over.  \\"The Bends\\" and \\"OK Computer\\" are two of the greatest albums ever made.  They manage to contain some of the catchiest, and most anthemic rock songs ever recorded while retaining total artistic integrity.  Radiohead, who probably never imagined they would become so popular, had a lot of pressure to follow up albums that were being hailed (rightfully so) as materpieces.  Hence...\\"Kid A\\" and \\"Amnesiac.\\"  Two experimental albums that allowed Thom Yorke to avoid \\"writing\\" and focus more on \\"experimenting.\\"  Both contain some truly great songs, but overall, they are disappointments as they pale in comparison to \\"The Bends\\" and \\"OK Computer.\\"  Many fans lied to themselves (like Star Wars fans who still pretend Jar Jar doesn't bother them) and said that they actually liked Kid A more than The Bends.  It was a weak attempt to deal with the disappointment.  Still, many, like myself, clung to the hope that Radiohead's next album would be a return to greatness.  <br />To my shock and extreme disappointment...it is not.  \\"Hail to the Thief\\" is a monumental failure.  It contains exactly 3 good songs: 2 + 2 = 5, There There and Wolf at the Door.  The sad thing is that these songs PALE in comparison to the best of even \\"Kid A.\\"  But, the most appalling thing is that out of 14 songs, they are the only tracks that even MILDLY challenge the lowest tier of Bends/Ok Computer songs.  Every other track on \\"Hail to the Thief\\" is a tunless, meandering failure.<br />Thom Yorke cannot write songs anymore.  His brilliance still shines through when he occasionally creates moments (such as the genuinely good outro to 2 + 2 = 5), but moments do not make songs.  The pressure got to Radiohead.  They cannot write songs anymore.  In addition, his once gorgeous voice sounds horrible on many tracks such as the abyssmal \\"We Suck Young Blood.\\"  This is the same man who delivered the incredible vocals on \\"Airbag.\\"  He sounds like a dying dog on this track.  But, what's the worst part of all this?<br />The fans.  The fans who blindly and tragically give \\"Hail to the Thief\\" 5 stars.  It's their pitiful way of dealing with the incredible disappointment they're feeling.  They don't want to \\"miss\\" it and look stupid, so they call the tuneless \\"songs\\" on Hail to the Thief brilliant.<br />You want brilliant?  Try \\"Planet Telex\\", \\"The Bends\\", \\"Airbag\\", \\"Talk Show Host\\", \\"Letdown\\" or \\"Exit Music For A Film.\\"  Anyone who says that \\"Backdrifts\\" or \\"Sail to the Moon\\" is fit to be mentioned in the same sentence as the songs above is either delusional or far more likely...kidding themselves.<br />I won't do that.  Instead, I'll admit the truth...it's over.  Radiohead is done.  And no one is more disappointed than I am.
6305181772|4.0|&quot;Mission: Impossible&quot; is a nearly perfect film. If it weren't so darn confusing at times, it would be an absolutely wonderful movie. However, it boggles itself down with too much dialogue and confusing plot twists. But it's no doubt a highly-enjoyable movie. Tom Cruise is Ethan Hunt, a secret agent who has been betrayed and now must prove his innocence. This is the most of the plot of which we know for sure. The other details are too complicated to really understand, but they don't matter. What matters is the constantly suspenseful moments including the beginning where Hunt and team are chasing after a bad guy to the heist Hunt makes in the CIA building to the incredible helicopter-chasing-the-train sequence that makes up the film's climax. There's much to enjoy in this movie and, if you watch it a few times, it even begins to make sense. I highly recommend it to any action fan who doesn't mind thinking every now and then. It's a superb action flick.
0804106304|5.0|Amy Tan weaves together the stories of 4 sets of mothers and daughters - each with unique personality and circumstance.  The story is filled with rich details of growing up Chinese-American.  It also overflows with truths universal to all women.<br />The reader can never go wrong with Amy Tan.  Her stories are a great read.  I would also recommend the audiotape version of the books (which are read by the author). Sometimes it is nice to hear a story told aloud.  In either media, Tan is a fantastic storyteller.  Her more recent &quot;Bonesetter's Daughter&quot; is my other favorite.
B00005YW4H|2.0|At the Grammy awards, which she swept for some inexplicable reason, Norah Jones expressed amazement at her success with this CD. Well Norah, I would have to agree!  After listening to the first four tracks, I could not take it any more.  I really do not understand this woman's appeal, singing style, whatever you want to call it.  I was totally underwhelmed.  She is clearly a product of promotion.  And I bought into it, big time.  I succumbed and bought the CD.  Oh well...If you, too, get the urge, listen to the brief track segments online first before making the plunge.  Next time I will do that myself!
B00003CXDG|4.0|\\"Mission: Impossible 2\\" is a truly awesome sequel that almost surpasses the original. John Woo, possibly the last great action director, helms this exciting, less cerebral sequel and the result is a beautifully done piece of work. This is surprising. A no-brainer action sequel is almost a work of art, thanks to the brilliance of Woo. Tom Cruise returns as Ethan Hunt and is now on a mission to stop a renegade IMF agent from selling a deadly virus to terrorists. The action scenes are loaded with great explosions, cool fist and gun fights as well as some seriously awesome music from Hans Zimmer. This is an action movie that redefines its genre. The Bond films really changed after this movie came out. This is an action movie that relies on scenery and execution rather than its stars. It's a constantly-exciting and riveting film with some of the best action in recent history. Woo went on to make his worst film yet, \\"Windtalkers,\\" but its failure wasn't because of bad direction, but more of lack of intelligence or research. \\"Mission: Impossible 2\\" is a very good film and a must for any action fan. We can only hope \\"Mission: Impossible 3\\" will be as good.
B000002H97|5.0|The black album is my favorite album I own, The slower metal songs are done with perfection and the ballads are just as amazing. This album shows the true maturity of the band and their talent. Want a cd? Buy this album
B00005JLRT|4.0|It had to happen sometime. Picard and crew had to engage for the last time. And they do in \\"Star Trek: Nemesis,\\" a good, but not perfect 10th entry in the \\"Star Trek\\" movie series. Director Stuart Baird (Executive Decision) keeps a dark, violent tone throughout the film, a welcome element after the decidedly too cheery \\"Star Trek: Insurrection.\\" The story is about the Romulans being taken over by an evil human-reman experiment, Shinzon, who happens to be a clone of Picard. Soon it is discovered that Shinzon hopes to take over the Romulan and Human races and probably rule the galaxy. That is, if the only man who knows him best can stop him: Picard. There is tons of action and the best special effects in the series. Shinzon is a great villain and is almost up there with Khan and General Chang. The movie isn't quite as good as the other even-numbered Treks, but it's definitely better than the odd-numberes ones (for those who don't know, the even-numbered Trek movies are usually better than the odd-numbered ones). \\"Star Trek: Nemesis\\" is very good, and a worthy final chapter in the TNG lineage. It's a must for all Trekkies.
B00008PX8P|5.0|Having seen Zep when I was 15 in 1977, the opportunity to buy this very fine 2-DVD set arose and I took it. 5 hours later, past my normal bedtime, I finally finished watching, transfixed the entire time. The cool thing about this set is the fact that you can watch the entire band develop as a performing group from the early 70's on up to one of their last, and greatest performances in '79. We see John Paul Jones moving from very accomplished bass player to a seasoned keyboard/bass player.  Plant's vocals move from shear young power, with seemingly unlimited range, to more graceful yet still very powerful and accentuating a tight band. Page's guitar moves around from idea to idea in the first shows, jamming and writing simultaneously and always surprising. Later he stands back and just grins, but always tastefully placing the licks where they belong in killer examples of \\"Achilles Last Stand\\", \\"Trampled Under Foot\\", and others. But the most awesome part of the awesome was Bonham, who at first exhibits flash, brilliance and power yet develops into a totally dependable drummer who can hold the ever-increasingly complex tunes together with great ease.. Their last show just months prior to his death showed a drummer at the top of his craft, truly a genius. I found myself asking the question what if..The band stole the scene early on, becoming the greatest performing band, and developed into one of the greatest bands of all time, really transcending the art form. Amazon's low price on these 2 DVD's justifies anyone remotely interested in Led Zeppelin or rock history to GET THIS! You won't be dissappointed.
B00005JLEU|4.0|This is one of the best animated films I have ever seen. After watching it, my breath was literally taken away. <BR><BR><BR>This movie is basically about a girl named Chihiro who ends up in a magical world of the spirits, trying to save her parents. In order to stay in the spirit world, she works in the bath house under Yu-Baba's contract. She slowly learns to become stronger and not give into temptation and to help all others in need.<BR><BR><BR>One of the first things I noticed in &quot;Spirited Away&quot; were the vibrant, rich colors. They were absolutely wonderful and helped the movie in so many levels. Each and every scene of the movie has great detail to it, transporting you directly into the film. <BR><BR><BR>Facial expressions and just normal character movements were amazing. I especially loved the way Yu-Baba's dress swirled around her. The intriguing creatures that were created proves that Miyazaki has a wonderful imagination. <BR><BR><BR>The only reason I didn't give &quot;Spirited Away&quot; five stars is because the end seemed somewhat rushed. Once Chihiro got to Swamp Bottom I felt like the end was all smashed together. There could have been a lot more depth to Haku (young man who helps Chihori) and even Kaonashi (No-Face in N.A.) who seemed to have absolutely no purpose. Also, I think there should have been more about her parents. <BR><BR><BR>All in all this is a great movie, despite the &quot;rushed ending.&quot; I would reccommend it to anyone who enjoys being transported to a magical world.
B00003CX5P|5.0|Id first like to say that this film was a great way to begin the saga of the Skywalkers.  I saw the original Star Wars 26 years ago and have been an avid fan ever since.  I have a very dissatisfied view of the critics and to those fans who feel this film is garbage!!  The main point I want to make is that Mr. Lucas can do what he wants, and I support him fully in all Episodes he creates for this fantastic Star Wars Saga.  Way to go George and keep them coming.  By the way, for those of you who say the writing is terrible and the acting is wooden, take a look back at the original three films reviews and you will amazingly discover that back then, THEY SAID THE SAME THING ABOUT THOSE FILMS AS WELL.  Please enjoy the story people and appreciate it for what it is, a fantastic Myth with the power to take you to a galaxy far, far, away
B0000797IO|2.0|I am sorry to say that I was very disappointed in this movie. Although Jennifer Aniston does a great job of stepping out of her \\"Friends\\" image, she should have done it in a movie with more integrity. A film that should have been about love, loyalty, and desire for something more than the odinary, turned into one completely about sex. With so much potential and honest acting, it is a shame that \\"The Good Girl\\" turned out the way it did. I wish I could recommend this movie, but the crudeness of it outweighs all of its positive aspects.So much sex and drug content is a sign of a weak director, who must rely on sexual content instead of the beauty of the story.
B000092ZYX|4.0|this is a fantastic album - very intelligent arrangements... as usual radiohead style is! i could do with more the bends type stuff - liek guitar driven songs, but on the whole, it's an amazing thematic album... you're best to listen to it from start to finish several times over, to really get a sense of the unity of the whole album, rather than take the songs one by one and skip amongst them... radiohead requires your full attention to really appreciate their often obscure references and lyrics and unusual arrangements, there's quite a bit of dissonance on this album too - symbolic of the unease we're experiencing in the current uncertain nature of the world? <BR>my favourites are:<BR>go to sleep - great guitar driven one..<BR>where i end and you begin <BR>a punchup at a wedding - nice piano... reminded me of some neil finn music actually - wonder if ed was influenced as a result of his concerts with neil finn in nz?<BR>a wolf at the door - something very catchy and cool...<BR>2+2+5 = epic like song. <BR>they're all good but those ones stick in my mind...<BR>sail to the moon is a bit on the whiney side in my opinion.. but like most of the recent radiohead stuff - it grows on you once you give it the chance....<br />go buy radiohead fans!
0312965788|5.0|Wonderful book by James Herriot, a country veterinarian in Yorkshire, England. It was the first of a very enjoyable book series, and was made into a TV series.<br />It tells of James' beginnings as a veterinarian, and how he learns to adapt to the people, countryside and the animals. It's a well-written tale that's sure to touch your heart, make you laugh, and perhaps shed a tear or two. Never enough good things to say about this book--it's a great one!
6305907145|1.0|If you like the type of movie that takes great liberties with a novelist's work, you'll like Mansfield Park.  I love most of the works of Jane Austen, and was amazed at how truly awful the writing, acting, and scenery were in this movie.  It took a great deal of nerve to call it Mansfield Park.  If you're an Austen purist, you may like the earlier version, but bear in mind that it was made decades ago with a smaller budget.  I own that particular version, and have watched it and reread the novel several times.
B00005OAIE|5.0|I think this CD is great not for what it has but for what it doesn't have.  There seems to be a complete lack of pretense, attitude, and schlock here that is quite surprising.<br />What it does have is an upbeat acoustic/electric feel with a pop sensibility, engaging lyrics and solid songwriting.  The inevitable comparisons with Dave Matthews are somewhat valid, but here John sticks to the more obvious pop path, where originality is hard to come by.  He pulls it off in spades, though, carving out his own space with a bit of a jazz flavor.<br />He's musically capable (a Berklee grad) and not afraid to use drums to move things along, setting him apart from a lot of other acoustic guitar-toting frontmen who feel the ensemble threatens their spotlight.  This guy lets the song take the lead and the chips fall where they fall.<br />He takes a hit for his voice, but at least it's just him opening his mouth and singing, and not some record company creation, trying to cop some kind of aggro feel.<br />A dang good record, a breath of fresh air.
B000092ZYY|5.0|Hail to the Thief has a variety of new styles that are unlike any of Radiohead's previous albums.  Thom's vocals are much looser and sound much more like a live performance. Much more natural. Guitar work by Ed,Jonny,and Thom are more developed, but maintain a classic Radiohead sound, if there is one. Colin's bass lines are great as usaul and Phil has a much faster tempo than any previous albums. Jonny does a very nice job with all the wierd electronical sounds thoughout the album. Song by song this is what i think.<br />2+2=5. Starts out with a mid tempo drum and guitar, Thom's vocals are trademark. The song then explodes into guitar riffs,fast drums,and yelling and goes on from there. Short, but still very good. sets you up for the mood of the rest of the album.<br />Sit down stand up. Echoing piano and electronic noises. Vocals are very good and then builds up to a fast paced electronic ending. Another good one, but not my favorite.<br />Sail to the Moon. Very pretty piano and guitar. Vocals are very nice and echo throuhout the song, adds a underwater feeling like Radiohead has used in the past. Very nice song. One of my favorites.<br />Backdrifts.  A great song. electronic beats. great vocals by Thom. Possibly comparable to a more developed \\"idioteque\\" style, which is a good thing. Possibly my favorite of the album.<br />Go to sleep. Acoustic strumming with clear vocals. Kind of a stand-out rockish type of song, Thom's vocals are slightly different then other songs. Good song.<br />Where I end and you Begin. Starts off electrical and atmospheric then a great bass line and quick drums come in. Thom's vocals are haunting and there are electronic noises going on in the background. Very nice melodies throughout the song. <br />We suck young Blood. Really nice song. Starts with only piano then a clapping rhythem is added with some guitar work also. Thom's vocals are very nice. He has a scratchy imperfect melody, which fits the sog perfectly. A burst of piano and other instruments in the middle. Another favorite.<br />The Gloaming. Kind of reminds me of \\"like spinning plates\\" just with more developement and sounds. vocals are haunting and echo. A very cool song.<br />There There. Great everything in this one. Its the first single and you can see why. Light rhythum, very nice vocals, builds up towards the end. Catchy and refreshing. <br />I will. A short quitar based song with Thom singing with high pitched vocals in the background. Pretty.<br />A Punchup at a wedding. Awesome drum,guitar,bass,piano, and vocals. Very catchy Probably my favorite on the album.<br />Myxamatosis. Electronic crunching synthesized noise throughout the song. Kind of nerve racking. I suppose it was intended to be that way. Not a personal favorite.<br />Scatterbrain. Pretty guitar and vocals throughout he song, a slower tempo. A very nice song, i enjoy it quite a bit and may possible be a contender for best song on the album.<br />A Wolf at the Door. A very weird ender. Frantic vocals, but amusing. The background music is very nice, i think it has a nice rhythem. Thom's babbling adds to the mood of the song nicely. Not necessarily the best ender in my opinion, but still good.<br />Hail to the Thief will suprise Radiohead fans, but wont let them down. Another great album by a great band, but im looking forward to a complete change in the future since anything Radiohead does never lets me down.
0553274503|5.0|This is a book I first read as a kid, and have had a copy around almost ever since.  A true classic and a rarity for touching upon this subject matter in such a unique way, full of emotion yet also a fascinating science fiction tale that may be 'science fact' one day.  I haven't seen the movie (Charly), but wouldn't mind seeing it one of these days.  The book I'll recommend wholeheartedly -- not only is it easy reading, easy to follow, etc (for today's short attention spans) but it's incredibly rewarding as well.  One of those books that should be introduced to kids in school around the 4th or 5th grade.  Highly recommended for all.
B000089RVX|5.0|The first time I heard Amy back in 2002 I fell in love with her voice and such a pity at the time they didn't have an album out. The CD is amazing with dark vocals and lyrics. The most pop worthy song is probably: Bring Me To Life. Aside from that one, I like the rest of the songs. It sets a dark tone, preferably to listen to during the twilight hours.
0140390693|5.0|I admit...I watched the movie so much to the point where I can recite it word for word.  It is one of the best.  Just to let you know it is the one that has the cast of: Susan Sarandon, Clair Danes, Kirsten Dunst, and Winona Ryder.<br />The book was so lovely.  It naturally has a lot more detail and happenings than the movie.  Oh I loved it.  It is a great classic.  And it is deffinately in my top five.
B000021YQV|2.0|This is just terrible...I bought the CD after hearing &quot;Chop Suey&quot; and &quot;Aerials&quot; over and over and over again on the radio and thinking that maybe this band had grown up a little bit.  But no, it's still mostly pointless thrash to even more pointless lyrics.  A few bright spots shine through - &quot;Atwa&quot; and &quot;Toxicity&quot; actually have melodies, which is a welcome departure from the noise that permeates the rest of the album.<br />I guess it's rough being a heavy metal kid these days.  I mean, Tool is practically the only decent band out there, and they don't exactly put out zillions of albums.  But there's gotta be something better than Korn and System of a Down, yeesh.
B00003CXFG|1.0|Not once did this movie scare me. It was full of horror cliche's and full of BAD acting. Terrible story, lousy script, Vin Diseal, and it's like a big rip off of aliens. It's a good thing this director went on to do far better things like Below. Skip this load of crap and see Below. By the way, I watched this alone in the dark and 1:00 a.m. and I walked down a dark hallway and slept in the dark, and wasn't even remotely worried or scared. Yes this movie totally sux!
B00004XMV6|4.0|While not having seen the first 4 or 5 minutes of this movie, it is quite a piece of artwork. Yes, most people recognize this movie for its complete roll on of sex scenes, and well, they are mighty fine. But the theatrical work of this movie is something else. I don't quite know what it is. There is something about the relationship between the two lovers that just make this movie a charm. I would recommend this movie to just about anybody that wants to see a mature, and sophisticated movie that can handle the drama.
B00003CWPL|5.0|I'm trying to figure this film out. The more you watch it the more you understand it. It keeps it's power each time you watch. Is it scary? YES. Is it funny? YES. Is it good? Well, it's not for everyone. Only for the intellectual person who loves horror that not only scares you, disturbes you, and makes you laugh, but also one that makes you think. An open-ended metaphor with the tone of a nightmare, David Lynch's debut feature combines disturbing visuals with what may be an even more disturbing sound design to create an unforgettable film that's affecting on a visceral level. A Cronenberg-ian discomfort with the simple fact of physical existence courses through Eraserhead, beginning with, but not limited to, matters of sexuality and reproduction. In an early scene, Lynch turns even a family dinner into a horrific affair, emphasizing the inherent grotesqueness of the mere act of eating. The later introduction of a deformed, extremely vocal child seems not the least bit out of place in a world in which even the most mundane aspect (a radiator not the least among them) is notable for its ability to disturb. While Lynch would rarely return to the outright fantasy worlds he explores here, Eraserhead nonetheless sets up the obsessions that would follow him through his career, particularly the ability of the seemingly ordinary to unsettle upon closer observation. Fans of this should check out Jacob's Ladder, and fans of Jacob's Ladder should take it a step up and see this oddball. I love it, because it is so weird. You must buy it.
B000069HKH|4.0|Ritchie Sambora once said in response to the Bruce Springsteen CD &quot;Born In the USA&quot;,&quot;this is Bruce at his best, but then again, when's he not at his best.&quot;  &quot;The Rising&quot; is no exception.  At the same time, he tries new and unique sounds like the violin parts.  Not many rockers can pull off the bowed string instruments so splendedly.  Bruce once said that this is dedicated to those whose families and incividuals who were killed in 9/11.  Listening to these tracks, I can feel the sincerity toward his strong views.  Bruce proves with &quot;The Rising&quot; that there will never be another artists as talented as him.  By the way, I'm glad he brought back Steven Van Zant.
B000092Q4U|5.0|Man, thank goodness for bands like Lamb Of God.  Unlike the sorry, moaning likes of Staind and Nickelback, Lamb Of God prove that angst can actually be empowering (novel thought, huh?).  Rather than wallowing in self-pity, this five-man wrecking crew channels their righteous indignation into stunningly heavy and intelligent metal that manages to be catchy and even uplifting at the same time.  Although anger is unquestionably an important part of Lamb Of God's sound, \\"As The Palaces Burn\\" is far from a simple testosterone fest.  Instead, the album combines unrelenting aggression with devastating precision and killer songwriting chops, making for one of the most superb metal listens released so far this decade.  Lamb Of God can slow down and really drive the heaviness into you, or they can speed things up and blast you straight through a wall.  No matter what though, the music is always gut-wrenchingly heavy, and played with an amazing level of skill.  Willie Adler and Mark Morton are a brilliant guitar duo who do some really complex and interesting stuff, and they always have the volume cranked up to the max.  Randy Blythe's vocals are basically just guttural, semi-intelligible growls typical of extreme metal, but they're sufficiently angry and hateful for the music being played.  The rhythm section sounds really good too, but the drum production is pretty lousy, and the drums and bass are inevitably pushed to the background by the more attention-grabbing nature of the guitars and vocals.  Oh well.  Any production problems aside, \\"As The Palaces Burn\\" is easily one of the albums of the year for metalheads, maybe THE album of the year.  The last Haunted album was pretty amazing, but I think this one may even have that beat.  But whatever the case, if you like heavy music that mixes brains with brawn, you can't go wrong with Lamb Of God.  Now to check out their first album!
B00005YW4H|5.0|I heard another review on this page asking \\"is this jazz or not\\".  Who cares what it is, it's a masterpiece.  Her quiet gentle voice is perfect for the music, and it separates her from many other young artists who sing loud, though many of them are great as well.  \\"Don't Know Why\\" showcases her talent at her best.  If you're looking for music to relax to or to make love with that special someone, throw away Louis Armstrong, Frank Sinatra, Billie Holiday, etc. and get Norah Jones.<BR>     I don't usually listen to music this soft, but Norah is one of the best new female artists!  She was well-deserved of all five of her grammys: Best Pop Album, Best Female Pop Performance, Best New Artist, Record of the Year, and......Album of the Year.  This is going to be a classic album in the soon-enough years to come.  Since, at age 22, her music is so good, I can't wait to hear the album she releases next!
B00006M183|5.0|Pearl jam has been deliverin A+ albums ever since 1991. They started experimenting with their sound a little more when Vitalogy came out, and ever since it has been a proven fact that they are the best band in the world. This album is NOT a dissapointment at all. It's beautiful. I saw them live just recently and they were amazing! Songs like &quot;save you&quot;, &quot;get right&quot; and &quot;green disease&quot; really rock out.&quot;Thumbing my way&quot; is the best soft song they have ever done, and just feels like one of those songs where you can picture the band sitting down and playing it while you listen. The cover for this album is cool, and the booklet is EXTREMELY cool, there are some really neat pictures of them in it. This is one of those albums that you can sit down and listen to the whole thing straight through because every song on it is amazing(same with all of their other cd's). If you want a really good cd, buy &quot;Riot Act&quot; the latest cd from one of the best bands ever.
B000002LK1|5.0|Simply put, this production deserves to be in your music collection.
B000083E79|4.0|Although I own one greatest hits and the import only copy of a best of Cher collection, I decided to get Cher's latest 'best of' collection because it pretty much covers her more recent work and includes both two of my favorite (if not, cheesiest) Cher songs &quot;Dark Lady&quot; and &quot;Gypsies, Tramps, &amp; Thieves&quot;. Those two songs screams out 'camp' all over with the ridiculously corny lyrics yet infectious melodies. I have a former roommate to blame for for getting me hooked on Cher. Although this latest incarnation of Cher's best of collection is missing &quot;Love and Understanding&quot; and &quot;We All Sleep Alone&quot;, this collection is my favorite. I can't say I miss the song &quot;We All Sleep Alone&quot;. Not exactly crazy about that track. I still can't stand &quot;Believe&quot;. The song was just played way too many times on the radio and at nightclubs to a point where I now loathe the song however I just adore &quot;Strong Enough&quot; and &quot;All or Nothing&quot;, a grossly underrated single from Cher's comeback album &quot;Believe&quot;. I still find &quot;After All&quot; sappy and annoying. I thought it was cheesy in the '80s and I still think the song is cheesy today. I could have lived without the remixes of &quot;A Different Kind of Love Song&quot; and &quot;One By One&quot; (the original should have used for this comp instead). Still despite all its flaws, I still find this compilation a lot better than Cher's last two greatest hits/best of collections.
0553293397|5.0|I just finished reading this.  I had previously read The Caves of Steel, a marvelous book in its own right.  This one, however, is superior to its predecessor.  The culture of Solaria is so fascinating that I could just not put it down.  The mystery is, I feel, secondary to the science-fiction element in this story.  The Solarian culture is so convincing that I always wanted to know more.  It is a great fusion of mystery story and sci-fi yarn.  Highly recommended.
0812548094|4.0|In \\"Wizard's First Rule,\\" we met Richard Rahl, a humble woodsguide.  Or so he thinks, until he goes through a series of adventures, finally overthrowing the wicked Darken Rahl at the end of WFR.<br />The fact that Richard is Darken's son through rape doesn't please Richard; worse, he's in love with Kahlan, the powerful Mother Confessor, and he wants to marry her.  He's already proven his power vanquishes hers (well, enough so she won't take him over during the act of mating, as they'd both feared during book 1).<br />But, because of politics, he's having trouble.  To put it mildly.<br />The strong points of the book were the relationship between Kahlan and Richard, whenever Zedd (aka Zeddicus Z'ul Zorander) shows up, and the fanatical loyalty of the remaining Mord-Sith.  The weak points include the politics; too much time is spent on this aspect, in my opinion, getting in the way.  Also, there are many hints and portents of things to come in following books, some of which do little to advance the action at this stage of the game.<br />\\"Stone of Tears\\" is good, though; it's by far better than the third, fourth, fifth, and sixth books in the series, but still weaker than the first book.  I hope Goodkind will find some way to return to the humanity and realism of the first two books soon, as the endless changes on the themes of politics, religion, and how they interrelate grew stale way before the middle of the third book.
B00005JLIU|4.0|It's a cotton candy movie and the second act drags, but you've got to give Millie credit - it's silly, it's tuneful, and by golly it was done by people who know how to carry off a song and dance. <br />TMM is a spoof of the music, movies, and mood of the 1920's. It's about Millie who moves to the big city from the mid-west to become a \\"modern\\" with bobbed hair and short skirts. Her plan is to marry her boss, but she meets this heiress turned actress, and then Millie becomes the object a plucky young man's affection. Oh and there's a Chinese landlady and an eccentric society matron, and ... <br />Does this make any sense? Of course not. Here's the real Millie story. In the mid-1950's a very young Julie Andrews first appeared on Broadway as the ingnue in another 20's spoof called \\"The Boy Friend\\". Movie producer Ross Hunter wanted to film that musical, but he lost the rights to another studio, so he set off to create his own 20's romp using songs of the day rather than an original score. By that time Julie Andrews was the biggest star in Hollywood so Hunter had the script tailored to her.  Add in top stars of the day from Broadway and television and combine them with talent like director George Roy Hill behind the camera what do you have?<br />You have an hour and a half of riveting entertainment spread out over a three hour show. But let's start with the positives. The screwball concept works. For example, every so often Julie Andrews will look at the camera, and the film cuts to a title card with what she's thinking, a la silent film. Then there's the madcap elevator at the hotel which only works if you tap dance.  <br />It seems the movie's simplest musical numbers are its most inspired. Mille swoons as she lays eyes on her boss, (played by the square-jawed John Gavin) and an off-screen choir breaks into phrases from the Hallelujah chorus. John Gavin and Mary Tyler Moore fall in love and the soundtrack plays \\"Oh, Sweet Mystery of Life\\" as they gaze at each other.Millie realizes that her boss loves someone else, and her heartbreak is underscored by \\"Poor Butterfly\\" as she bravely tries to go on with her job. It's all an over-the-top homage to silent films where the background music had to carry the inner life of the character.<br />Julie Andrews was never funnier as the clueless but determined Millie. Beatrice Lillie is a joy to watch. She deftly handles both the physical and verbal silliness and still remains the evil (boo! hiss!) Mrs. Meers.  The others are all good, though not quite as successful. Carol Channing is Carol Channing. You get to see the zany comic timing that has won her many fans on the stage. James Fox, primarily known for British drama, works hard but seems a little out of his league here and Mary Tyler Moore can't seem to wring much life out of her poor little rich girl character. <br />But the film seems weighted down with too many musical numbers and too much plot. There is a big Jewish wedding number that has nothing to do with anything, other than it gives Andrews a showy song to sing and allows the movie to capitalize on the popularity of \\"Fiddler on the Roof\\". The second half suddenly becomes another movie as Millie and friends try to get the goods on a white slave trade ring. By that point it's the movie that's taking itself too seriously, and interest begins to wane. <br />If you like musicals, screwball comedy, and / or Julie Andrews, you must see this film - you'll have a great time. Even if you don't fit into any of these categories, you won't find Mille thoroughly monotonous, and you may be surprised.
B000092ZYY|5.0|I cannot understand why reviewers made a connection between this album and the George W. Bush administration. First of all, when I listen to this album I simply hear a complex and dark work of art. Secondly, Radiohead has never been a political band. Sure there lyrics often allude to political unrest and oppression or even invasion of privacy but they have never outwardly attacked any singular person or group. I think that is what will make them such a timeless band, they never date themselves. This is a great album, they are an important progressive band and this one proves that they are moving into musical territory that few have the talent to pull off.
B00003CX8J|4.0|The X-Men movie was an all right comic book adaptation, though it didn't stay too true to the comics, it was what they could do with about 40 years of comics to bring to the screen. X-Men as a movie though was pretty good, it had sweet special effects and brought a lot of the core X-Men characters to life. The DVD was also an evolution of sorts, released with a slew of special features and a nice foil cardboard case, it was a pretty little package. It became a birthday, christmas and easter gift godsend for children and comic fans alike. I also recommend the new X-Men 1.5 DVD, it surpasses this one easily. But the X-Men DVD's both deserve about 4 out of 5 stars. Great films with great marketing.
B0000039PW|5.0|First off RIP Makaveli, best rapper Ever. But Biggie aint bad himself, this CD is really good. Best songs on here are gimme the loot, juicy, big poppa and things done change. If you like.. Pac, Nas, Jay Z or Puffy. Then buy this CD because they all are good besides Puffy but he has the same style as Biggie. RIP Biggie, Pac, Yaki Kadafi.
0062502182|5.0|People who enjoy The Alchemist and those who don't. And that's ok.  So far its obvious the types of people who do enjoy it...those that are already somewhat spiritual, enjoy the simple things in life, still possessing some child-like qualities, are generally positive thinking, somewhat trusting, a dreamer...<br />I can venture to say that if you are cynical, sarcastic, jaded, overly pragmatic or skeptical by nature, you won't enjoy it. And again, that's ok. <br />I obviously fall into the former group.  Admittedly, the book is simple but, to me, that's the beauty of it.  And even tho most of the &quot;lessons&quot; that were taught in it, I already knew, it was still great to be reminded of them in such a beautiful, adventurous way.<br />This is the kind of book that is meant to be given to someone who is struggling trying to figure out what they want to do with their life..a person who is putting the wrong things (and people!) in the center of their lives.  Or just someone who you really think would want or need the lessons that are contained within. The book was given to me and i've already passed on 3 more copies of it.
B00008973A|4.0|Let me start off by saying that I have never seen the stage show of &quot;A Chorus Line&quot; therefore, have nothing to compare it to. I really liked the movie version though. I'm a dancer myself (although not close to professional) and I can relate to the characters in the movie. To me, and many other dancers, it doesn't matter what part you get in a show, just as long as you can dance and perform for people!  I thought the dancing was great, the songs were ok. It's not my favorite musical, but it's a show I like to watch from time to time.
B000092ZYX|5.0|Radiohead once again delivers a sonic materpiece chock full of intellect. Honestly, I didn't know what to think of Theif at first. Judging by the album title and packaging artwork, I anticipated anti-conformist, nihilistic lyrics. Theivery being one of the main methods of beating &quot;the system&quot;, especially in a world focused largely on capital, due to the right wing Bush regime in America. I found that this was teh case. Radiohead's ideas almost running parallel to the extremity that is punk rock politics, are once again arranged in artistic, metaphoric ways similar to their lyrical work on Kid A. Basically, the lyrics alone are worth buying this one for. Musically, this one is not as epic as OK computer, as radio-friendly as the bends, or as surreal as the Kid A/Amnesiac combo. What this album does is combine the hooks of The Bends with the synth, and electronic textures of Kid A, bringing fans something truely unique. Ok computer still remains my favorite album by Radiohead because it contains less electronics than Radoheads more recent offerings but still packs a surreal and bizarrely beautiful punch. However, this is another winner. I can't wait to see what these guys do next.
1400034779|4.0|I just finished this book, which I read in a day.  It was unexpected, funny, and very enjoyable.  I would highly recommend.  For a movie version, I can see Whoppi Goldberg as the detective.  It would be hilarious.
B000092ZYX|2.0|Its non-melodious, at times incoherent, and thoroughly depressing. There seem to be no highs, its very monotone, steeped in mediocrity.<br />I agree, they are songs that sound nothing like what they've done before. Not sounding the same as before is not necessarily a progression musically/lyrically. Even though it sounds different it doesnt sound - 'for lack of a better word' - &quot;epic&quot;. It does not sound like an exploration into new territory. <br />As for 'Kid A' and 'Amnesiac', I love them. I rank 'Kid A' not only as one of the great albums of all time but as a profound progression in popular music of the day. Thats not too say they created a new sound, it just means they took 'what was out there at the time 'to a new level', they created something unique and important. Every musician, writer and painter are influenced by the ones that came before them. What makes these people great is their ability to use their influences, to use whats popular at the time, and use the 'classics' of music, literature and art, to create something unique and important while still remaining inside the scope of whats popular.<br />Yes, 'hail to the chief' sounds like nothing Radiohead has done before, they simply haven't opened any new doors with this material. You can call me greedy for expecting so much from them with each new album, but it's their fault for creating this expectation.&quot;
B000000WG3|4.0|I never did buy Gary Moore's reinvention of himself - canny though it was - as a bluesman: he was always a hard rocker of that most fabulous seventies kind: big boots, tight jeans, mullet, foot to floor style of playing.<br />Here we find him in pretty much his last incarnation on the wild frontier before crossing the great divide into sell-out land, where history records he would go on to pretend he *still* had the blues, despite scant evidence of ever having had them in the first place.<br />On his way to the Wild Frontier, Gary Moore found himself at a cross roads: certainly, Heavy Rock wasn't just for hard men on motorbikes anymore - Bon Jovi had seen to that - but nor was it necessarily for a solely white audience either: Moore and his producer were clearly cognisant of the change ushered in by Aerosmith's collaboration with Run DMC on \\"Walk this Way\\" - alas all it culminated in during this session was a fairly lame rap remix of his excellent Easybeats cover, \\"Friday On My Mind\\". I suspect the remix hasn't made it onto the CD. No great loss.<br />In other ways Moore was returning to his Irish roots - there is a definite Gaelic feel to the cover of Big Country's \\"Over the Hills and Far Away\\", the title track, and \\"The Loner\\", the last of which is an instrumental for the late Phil Lynott of Thin Lizzy. Alas, it comes nowhere near the outstanding \\"Parisienne Walkways\\" which Moore recorded with Lynott before Lynott's death, but which you won't find on this album.<br />In any case I think this return to the roots was a good thing - certainly much more bona fide than the blues \\"renaissance\\" he would subsequently experience - and it sets this record apart from most of the others that were coming out at the time.<br />Wild Frontier has elegant cover art, too - or at least would have but for the prominence of Gary's ugly scowling mug and his decidedly unconvincing balled fist.<br />In any case well worth a spin.
0800177177|5.0|Well unlike alot of people i love this movie. Francis made Bram's Story 100 times better. He made Dracula more human and it came out very well. Gary Oldman is the best dracula i have ever seen. Unfortunetly i went to see Dracula 2000 which was the worst movie i have ever seen. But atleast the worse that one was made me realize how good this one is.
078401213X|5.0|I have seen this film several times and I have given it as a gift to many of my friends.  <br />As a programmer, I can appreciate Max's obsessive drive to find the patterns that lie behind everything around us.  Within them is the key to understanding the structure of the universe.  <br />Max discovers through his study of pi, a number that is part of the fabric of the universe, that he may have found the true name of God.   In almost all ancient religions, knowing the true name of a god can bring you into that god's presence and, in some cases, give you that god's powers.  It does not, however, reduce God to a mere equation anymore than a name reduces any of us to a series of letters.  It's a name.<br />There are others who suspect that Max has discovered God's name and want to use it for their own selfish ends.  In the end, Max, a Cohenim, proves that he was the one destined to discover it, because he was the only one pure enough to do what was necessary to protect it.<br />This is a wonderful, riveting film.  I recommend it.
0800177177|5.0|Well unlike alot of people i love this movie. Francis made Bram's Story 100 times better. He made Dracula more human and it came out very well. Gary Oldman is the best dracula i have ever seen. Unfortunetly i went to see Dracula 2000 which was the worst movie i have ever seen. But atleast the worse that one was made me realize how good this one is.
B000002UA0|5.0|This album is a testament to the genuis Syd Barrett could display. This recording is a masterpiece of some of the best psychedelic rock ever! The man truly was an artistic visionary and had so much potential that was so wasted. All the songs here are first class &quot;art&quot; pop rock. From the brilliant riffs in &quot;Interstellar Overdrive&quot; to the excellent and the deliciously quircky ending of &quot;Bike&quot; this album symply excels at every turn. This album was all the rage back in the psychedelic year of '67 and it is still no wonder as to why, this is highly reccomended!!
B00007L7FN|2.0|I liked the first 5-or-so minutes of the opener which evokes some Egyptian pyramid. Then it transitions into mediocre fare, and the next two songs continue the mediocrity. The last song, with the horrendous vocals, was thankfully a one-time experiment! &quot;Alpha Centauri&quot;, &quot;Green Desert&quot;, and &quot;Zeit&quot; are much better early TD. On the other hand, maybe the new remastered version will reveal the songs in a better way.
B000092ZYX|4.0|The best way to go about listening to 'Hail to the Thief', i've found, is by playing the album in its entirety.  Like the great albums of Pink Floyd, it works best as a whole album.  The album isn't filled with catchy singles and you're not likely to hear this on your top 40 radio.  It does demonstrate, for the more patient and attentive listeners, the ingenuity of Radiohead.  Electronic bleeps, piano and even handclaps are utilized extremely effectively.  This is a very interesting album that will reward those patient enough to try it out.
B000002MTR|5.0|face it people, there will never be another BSSM, and you need to stop comparing OHM to it. This album is better than by the way and half of californication combined.Dave Navarro is NOT John Frusciante, so there's really no way you can compare the two, they have totally different styles. Actually, you can't compare any RHCP album to eachother. I would have liked it if they would have done another album with Dave. There's really no \\"bad\\" song on this album, Shallow Be Thy Game is one of the best songs i have ever heard them do. I'm really glad i bought this and haven't regretted it yet, you should also hear the b-sides to this album, melancholy mechanics, let's make evil and stretch.
B000092ZYX|3.0|If you liked the first single \\"There There,\\" please do not assume that it is a foreshadowing for the rest of the HIGHLY anticipated new cd from Radiohead. I was not moved. I was not getting chills. And I was not getting what I was expecting. The disc is reminiscient of Kid A in that I hated it the very first time I heard it. If you have Amnesiac, you'll remember that very last song on the disc that [stinks] really bad. I don't even remember the name of that song it [stunk] so bad. Yes, sadly this new cd reminds me of a bunch of different versions of that bad song. Sometimes the cd takes me places that are neat and exciting but then it putters out and sounds like a cheap 80's piano tune in a smoky blues bar. But then...<br />Radiohead is one of those bands that never ceases to amaze me with their consistency to reinvent themselves with each and every cd they put out. Ask a person who only knows them from their \\"Creep\\" days and then give them a disc from the last five years and you can bet they would assume it was two different bands. Radiohead is evolving. Much like Pink floyd and the Beatles, these guys are going through a mucky evolutionary phase, some people love it...and then some people hate it...and then some, or alot of people I'd say, don't understand it. I just got this cd today in the mail. Listened to it once. I hated everyone of Radiohead's albums the first time I heard them. They have to grow on you. Give them time. I guess I should take me own advice. <br />I'll go and paint and put them on now. Maybe i'll \\"get it\\" eventually. <br />Oh, and I am such a fan that I was going to spend [$$$] on a bus to NY plus the ticket fee plus the souvieners i'd probably get while up there at Field day (or \\"failed day fest\\")....
B000002U82|1.0|Try some of the earlier, more psychedelic Pink Floyd instead. This is just boring, overblown, pessimistic prog rock. Definitely not the classic people say it is!
B000002KB8|5.0|If you buy this album because you want a great metal album you might end up disappointed; the genre has come a long way since this piece was released. However, make no mistake, these tracks stand on their own as fabulous contributions to the legacy of Rock and Roll. \\"Black Sabbath\\" is a bluesy album that starts out slow and haunting and ends in a blazing fire. In between, the band carries you through both instrumental masterpiece and poignant verse. Ozzy's tales of death and damnation are framed perfectly by the scorching 60's fuzz solos and some of the best rhythm recordings of the era. <br />This album isn't cited as an influence by so many metal artists because they turned it up and said \\"that sounds like heavy metal!\\" Instead, the album holds the importance that it does because it simply captivates you as a listener and rocks you hard. No effort was made for three chords or truth. Instead, form and function were replaced with heart and soul, and this effort bleeds through epic tracks with lengthy instrumental sections and harrowing thoughts. If this is what you look for in an album, and you are able to appreciate an album with this age, pick it up.
B00005NWM3|5.0|I would like to buy this cd as the one I owned was stolen from my car when it was washed.  It is a great cd and I love the music.  I am 49 years old and I love it, all of it.  My children turned me on to nickelback and I love all thier music. Diana Payne
B00003CXI1|4.0|I enjoyed watching this first feature film of the Harry Potter Books, but I believe until the next movie the actors and actress's were more accustomed to the character they were portraying. Otherwise I enjoyed it throughly and I can't tell you how many times I took pleasure in watching The Sorcerer's Stone.
0316096199|5.0|I read The Lovely Bones prior to reading this memoir, and together these two books make for a powerful journey that crosses the lines of fiction and memoir.  By itself, Lucky is a startling and sometimes horrific survival story.  Alice Sebold describes her violent attack and the subsequent events in painful clarity.  I found the descriptions of her family's and friends' reactions to be both disturbing and painfully real.  After reading the book I was left with disgust of the judicial system, fear for young women on campuses everywhere, and respect for a talented writer who is able to cut through &quot;Law and Order&quot; type detail and tell her story with the perfect balance of heart and mind. My advice?  Read them both.
B00008DDXC|4.0|I throughly enjoyed watching Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets. It was reliving the book, just without as many details. Even though I prefer the book over the dvd, I would like to say the characters and settings were brought to life quite flawlessly.
0060012218|4.0|I read this book in one day after reading so many great reviews!  It's the funny, sad, and all-too-real flashback to high school.  This is a great book for anyone, and not just young adults.
B00005JL78|4.0|Although some people take to the tv screen just as much as the Movie screen I particularly enjoyed in more for a larger screen. But besides that, the plot is very enticing and the characters very well acted. But unfortunately I wouldn't buy this to own.
B00008G9JN|5.0|It's hard for me to believe that so many people find this album mediocre. Of course this is a matter of personal taste, but this is my all time favorite Tull album.  There is so much going on at any one moment; all the melodies are strong, the hooks are wonderful, and yet this is some of the most complex and challenging arrangement work that Anderson and the band have ever done (second perhaps only to Passion Play).  The band membership at this point was also top notch, and it shows in the sheer (small &quot;b&quot;) baroque of the instrumental interplay.  I'm particularly partial, as a bassist myself, to John &quot;Brittledick&quot; Glascock (may he Rock in Peace), who I consider the best bass player Tull ever had (sorry Peggy, you come in a close second).<BR><br />I suppose whether or not you like the lyrics is also a matter of taste. You will definitely *not* like them if you refuse to hear them with the tongue-in-cheek flavor that they're written.  The combination of seriousness with fun is a very, very English outlook, poorly understood by Americans All of you out there who think that Tull peaked with Thick as a Brick: the music on Brick is fantastic, and the lyrics near-literary quality, but you seem to have missed the point.  That album was intended as a joke, from the front cover to the very last note.  Is it any wonder that Ian Anderson is still, to this day, occasionally asked &quot;So, whatever happened to Gerry Bostock, then?&quot;  Not to mention that while the lyrics on SftW may *describe* &quot;country living&quot; topics, they're not anywhere near *about* those things.  If you cannot read beneath the veneer of woodland fairies and toddies on the mantlepiece to what the songs are actually *about*, then you'll never really get it anyway.  <BR><br />I absolutely love the word-play in Velvet Green; it points out very well the difference between being liscentious and being crassly vulgar.  Solstice Bells is a little more serious in it's treatment of the May Day celebration, and the choruses a bit heavy handed and hymn-like, but dang if the production and arrangement aren't sharp, tight, and clever.<BR><br />Also, IMHO, the remastering is *very* good, some of the best such re-issue work I've yet heard.<BR><br />I'm sure there are some people, somewhere, who think that the Beatles started to go downhill after Help!  Or that Led Zeppelin peaked with the II album (just as a couple of examples).  I'm not one of those people.  Give me sophistication, maturity, and good humor whatever the date and time, and to heck with the chronological &quot;coolness&quot; and the &quot;not the original band&quot; snobbery.<BR><br />Pass the word and pass the lady!
0156027321|5.0|This riveting and inspiring tale will fill your heart and make your spirit soar.  (No apology for the cliches.)  I don't know if LIFE OF PI will make one believe in God, but it shows a way to hope for humanity.  You know the old question, if you could meet anyone who ever existed, who would it be?  I have my answer:  Pi Patel.  What an extraordinary man.  Such strength, spirit and love.  This magical book is one of the few I plan to read every few years; I expect to find new depths of wisdom and joy with every reading.<br />The ending is pinpoint perfect.<br />My words are inadequate.  Just read it!
B000002BQK|5.0|Butterfly is definately the best album MC has ever put out.  Every song is awesome.  I've never grown tired of this album since I bought it six years ago! its stil my favorite
0385495323|5.0|the educational writing of the author was simple to comprehend and was well delivered.  the book contains multiple diagrams, pictures, and examples of dozens of codes and ciphers, all of which aided in understanding the material.  the appendices in the back also gave great explanations of crytographic technique.  this is definitely a book to read for all the nonfictions readers out there.
B00008LDPU|3.0|While \\"The Animatrix\\" is not an unprecedented masterpiece, it is a splendid compliation and worth the money.  <br />Onto the short reviews:<br />Final Flight of the Osiris:  The most amazing CGI on the disc, but short on story--We meet characters, something bad happens, said characters die.<BR>Program:  This short does not tie into the movie story lines, but the artwork and fast paced action make it worth a look.<BR>Detective Story: This short, from the creator of Cowboy Bebob, is a great noir short, and wholly unexpected in this type of compliation.  <BR>Kid's Story:  Eh.  While it does give some backstory to a throwaway character in \\"Reloaded\\", the bizzare artwork and dragging story knock this short down a peg.<BR>Matriculated:  This one is kinda intresting, if a little psychedelic in the CGI sequences.  This film from the creator of \\"Aeon Flux\\" shows how the human resistance recruits robots to their side: by placing them in a human-desgined matrix portraying an idyllic existence showcasing humans as saviours.<BR>Beyond:  Oy vey.  Utterly boring tale about a girl, her cat, and a Matrix programming anomaly turned haunted house. But not as bad as...<BR>World Record:  ... God-awful tripe about a world record sprinter who frees himself from the Matrix by RUNNING FAST.  If it weren't for this and Beyond, I would give the disc five stars.<BR>The Second Reninsance, Parts I & II:  The best of the bunch.  This tale showcases the advent of AI, their subsequent revolt, the formation of a robot nation-state, the machines attempt at reconiliation, and the final war between man and machine.  Haunting, bleak, and pure genius.<br />Final Verdict:  Skip \\"Beyond\\" and \\"World Record\\", and enjoy what some of anime's best talent has to offer in a familiar milieu.
B0000039PW|4.0|New York City's banner year in rap was 1994, when NaS put out his dark, contemplative \\"Illmatic\\" album and the Wu-Tang Clan released their strangely mystical and defiant \\"36 Chambers.\\" And then there was Biggie Smalls, hailing from Brooklyn and in possession of scintillating rhymes delivered via a flow that was like none other. While Biggie discusses what continue to be the main themes in hip-hop songs-sex, money, gangster life-his manner of recounting them is hypnotic and engrossing, the album is at its best when he explores his fight to the top and his adversities, both psychological and physical. He easily switches his tone throughout from playfully funky to pensive, and his versatility manifests itself in the different songs on the album. The best tracks are  \\"Juicy,\\" wherein Biggie narrates earlier hardships interspersed with a catchy R&B hook, the slow and thoughtful \\"Big Poppa,\\" and the cheeky \\"Gimme the Loot.\\" Other notable songs are \\"Machine Gun Funk,\\" in which Biggie confirms his affinity for the gangster lifestyle, \\"Unbelievable\\" which features Michael Jackson on the refrain, and the underrated \\"Everyday Struggle,\\" which is arguably the deepest and most serious song on the CD. This album is a good segueway into a hip-hop world at its golden age, when the rappers were compelling more for their perserverance and word skills than for materialsitic braggadocio and posturing. Unfortunately, Biggie was murdered amidst the furor surrounding the East Coast-West Coast feud wherein his old friend and later bitter enemy, 2Pac, was shot in a drive-by in Las Vegas and thereby denied the chance to provide the world with more old G. hits beyond his second album, \\"Life After Death.\\"
B000089A07|5.0|I was flat out smiling after the credits rolled during the closing of the remake/prequel, Red Dragon.   It had that same touch and emotion on the big screen via Hannibal.  This beginning of a perfect-lined trilogy starts out differently to the cheesy, yet underrated Manhunter (Michael Manns original Hannibal Lector film).  The film begins with how Dr. Hannibal The Cannibal Lector is captured and locked up in the first place, giving the full understanding to this infamous, yet charming character, who is recognized everywhere.  <BR> Sir Anthony Hopkins shines on screen with an absolute brilliant performance.  His third and last attempt at evilness is understood to be the best yet.  When I heard about this remake, I was worried on two names that seemed not to fit this perfect saga: director Brett Ratner (famous for his Rush Hour films) and a fine actor named Edward Norton.  Now. I may have not given Mr. Ratner a chance because he seemed to follow the same path as directors Jonathan Demme (The Silence of the Lambs) and Ridley Scott (Hannibal).  Ratners direction with camera angles and the darkness of Red Dragon, seemed to have improved as being a fine director.  As for Edward Norton (famous for beating himself up in Fight Club), I still dont picture Norton as Will Graham.  <BR> The story follows as Graham is pushed out of retirement.  He tries to unravel a monster of huge proportion, a killer under the name Red Dragon.  Similar to The Silence of the Lambs, Dr. Lector helps out Graham to catch the Dragon.  This film is best compared to a jigsaw puzzle.  It has that edge-of-the-seat-dont-knowwhat-to-expect feel to it.  <BR>Its a privilege to see a thriller without the cheap gore or cheap scares.  On the other hand, its no different then Manhunter in a lot of ways, besides the performance of goodie-goodie Hopkins. This new updated version is just as comparison as seeing Manhunter on a special extended version on DVD.  <BR> The plot is the same, the scenes are the same, and even some of the dialogue is the same.  But what is different from the 1986 version and this new 2002 version is that the subplot of the relationship between Graham and Dr. Lector.<BR> Red Dragon could have been produced better if there wasnt an Edward Norton in the picture.  I dont quite imagine Norton as retired FBI agent Will Graham.  I thought William L.  Petersen in Manhunter had done a better job bringing out Will Graham from the inside.  What was missing from Manhunter, which makes the film forgettable, is the missing link between Dr. Lector and Graham, in which Red Dragon easily portrayed.  <BR>Red Dragon  is not for everybody.  It has the psychological controversy of The Silence of the Lambs. And the fine dine and gore of Hannibal.  In the words of the evil genius Dr. Hannibal Lector, Ta-ta.
B00005JM1F|2.0|I was expecting a movie that I would be laughing my [behind] off at. This movie isnt that. I did laugh a few times but after a while it got boring. Will Ferrell wasnt funny enough. Most of National Lampoon's movies are better then this, and this isnt a new \\"Animal House\\"
B00005JLKB|5.0|When I was five years old, I was a huge Superman fan. Not the comic books, but the Christopher Reeves' films. I had the Superman action figure, the red \\"S\\" shirts, and even the Superman movie poster. Now, fourteen years later, I'm 18 and hooked again with Superman mania. The WB's successful show, \\"Smallville\\" has re-discovered my childhood all over again (or also called the Peter-Pan syndrome).<BR>This inventive show marks the dawn of probably the best show ever on The WB or even TV history. The idea of backtracking to Clark Kent's (soon to be hero) teenager days is the best prequel idea ever. Not even George Lucas himself could be as creative as \\"Smallville's\\" creators Alfred Gough and Miles Millar, as they show the relationship between Lex Luthor (soon to be villain) and Clark Kent. At first, I didn't see it as realistic, but as I gave it a try, it really seems more possible then any of the Superman spin offs that failed over the years. <BR>As seen with the original 1978 film, most of us know how Clark Kent got here and who he was destined to be. But the film never explores the emotions Kent's goes through during the process of learning all of his \\"abilities\\". Nor does it explain how Lex Luthor got as evil as he did. The comics never explore these aspects either, so a TV show was only destined to be made. After years of wondering, fans now get the full story of Superman. <BR>Twelve years ago, a meteor shower collides to a small town called Smallville, Kansas. During the meteor shower that destroyed or impacted the lives in this small town, Jonathan (John Schneider) and Martha Kent (Annette O' Toole) finds a spaceship with a little boy in a cornfield, outside of Smallville. They fall in love and adopt him (as later, fans see Lex Luthor's dad is involved with the adoption). He grows up to be Clark Kent (Tom Welling). <BR> The show doesn't quite revolve around Kent though. We also get to see the subplots that involve Lex Luthor (Michael Rosenbaum) and his, dad LionelLuthor (John Glover). Fans see a good side of Lex Luthor, which makes him, seem like a likeable guy. We see once in a while, the twitch of evilness in Lex's eye. We also see the inner changing parallel of jealously between Luthor and Kent (Clark over Lex's money, Lex over Clark's family).<BR>\\"Smallville\\" is best compared to \\"X-Files\\" because of the different kinds of \\"weird stuff\\" that goes on in this small town (which the meteorites from the meteor shower are to blamed 99.9 percent of the time). While this goes on, Kent is usually the one that saves the people from the edge of the seat scenarios that takes place with each episode. <BR>The show has many levels, which makes it a perfect Superman prequel and aside from Superman, makes an effort to be as separate from the Superman saga as possible. So it also has that drama/soap opera appeal too. I admire the soap opera angle with the love triangle of Clark, Chloe Sullivan (Allison Mack) and Lana Lang (Kristin Kreuk.) <BR>The show stays true with the film series (a little side note: Annette O'Toole played Lana Lang in \\"Superman 3\\") and the comic books. It's neat watching the show's writers pull clever angles and characters from both, so fans will be glorified. (It's rumored the character Chloe Sullivan is cousins with Lois Lane!) Each episode goes closer in depth with the Superman origins. <BR>The writers have two aspects to work with: the movie series and the comic books. They found a way to connect those aspects, while pulling something new and fresh, that's more then the writers of \\"Enterprise\\" could do! Even though we won't see these characters in Smallville forever, I vote to see this series last as long as \\"7TH Heaven.\\" \\"Smallville\\" is on Tuesdays at 9 p.m. or the encore repeats Sundays at 5 p.m. on The WB. <BR>Whether you watch it on Tuesday, Sunday, or just download the episodes from Kazaa, \\"Smallville\\" has enough drama and excitement to seeks anyone's glair of entertainment. \\"Smallville\\" has become my favorite series of all time, even topping my once favorite show, \\"Dawson's Creek\\". That's no small accomplishment. In the clich lingo of 4 stars out of 4 stars, I give this show a 3.5 out of a 4!
B00008K7AM|4.0|This movie is stupid but I did laugh a lot. Rob Schneider plays a girl very well. Just pure, stupid fun. Were you expecting anything less from Schneider?
B000092ZYX|4.0|After a run of the best music since the Beatles late 60s early 70s the string of pure genius has been broken.  I guess it had to happen.  I was hoping it would be several years from now though.<br />I'm not saying this is not good music.  It is.  I would say it is their 5th best album.  I'd imagine you can guess what the other 4 are.<br />Radiohead's music seemed effortless for a very very long time.  This one sounds more like work.  Fewer nice melodies, lyrics not quite up to par, actually a bad song or two (I was wondering if I'd ever say that about them).  <br />I guess they're human after all.  It was bliss listening to them as gods.
B000002H2H|5.0|This Album is very well done.A hell of alot better than \\"kill em all\\".Every song is Listenable.Excellant Riffs and the solos fit every song perfectly.The Instrumental song \\"the call of ktulu\\" is one of the best Instrumentals ive heard even though it is rather long and repetitive.I wish they would write another Instrumental.
B000092T6M|5.0|Over the years, it seems that the Robin Hood saga has been a favorite of sorts for film makers to re-invent, manipulate, and showcase again and again.  No doubt due to global appeal and the premise of a hero taking from the rich, giving to the poor, and fighting the good fight.<br />Of all the Robin Hood films ever produced, it's readily apparent that Prince of Thieves relies less on genuine historical accuracy and leans more toward Hollywood flair which still makes for an entertaining film.  Despite using no English accent (which appears to grate on some reviewers for some reason), Kevin Costner presents himself well in the role of Robin Hood.  Coupled with fine performances from Morgan Freeman, Alan Rickman, Christian Slater, and Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio, (to name just a few), the story moves at an exciting pace and hits the mark as a stand up adventure movie that doesn't disappoint.<br />As for the new 2 disc special edition release of this movie, it just got a whole lot better.  Not having to flip the disc over any more to see the entire feature like in the first release, you now have a new digital transfer and a remastered DTS 5.1 soundtrack and both are outstanding.  On disc 2 you have great bonus material enhancing the value and enjoyment even further.  Included is a decent documentary on the making of Prince of Thieves, Bryan Adams performing his music video of '(Everything I do) I do it for you', an interactive mediaeval weapons gallery, cast and crew bios, production notes, interviews with cast and crew, and trailers and t.v. spots.<br />You don't really have to be a die-hard Robin Hood fan to enjoy this movie.  The film has a few flaws and stretches the historical aspect somewhat but it plays out well with plenty of action, adventure, humor, and fun.  This special edition release would be a good addition to any DVD collection and I recommend it to everyone.
B00002Z88D|2.0|There are only a few songs on here that sounded good with the symphony they are-&quot;Bleeding Me&quot;-&quot;Hero of the Day&quot;-&quot;-Human&quot;-&quot;No Leaf Clover&quot; and -&quot;Nothing Else Matters&quot;.The rest of the songs the Symphony flat out Ruins.What songs are they playing.They dont go with the songs at all.If you Want to here Metallica Live get the &quot;Binge and Purge Box Set&quot;.Although ill give them credit for trying it.It was a really Cool idea....but Michael Kamen was the wrong man for the job.
B000092ZYX|5.0|So. I was sitting around listening to this new Radiohead album, Hail To The Thief, and it occurred to me that it rules. Let me discuss why it rules. First, the album is beautifully melodic. Furthermore, that's all it needs to be great. If we dismiss any meaning behind the lyrics and any political baggage that may accompany the album, it's just some completely great music. That's about all it needs to rule. And it does so very well. Who cares about innovation and comparison when you've got something as beautiful as &quot;A Wolf at the Door&quot; and well, every other song on the album? So Hail To The Thief rules. It rules more than Coldplay ever will.
B000066NW0|5.0|Any person with decent, normal taste know that she is the best there is and whoever doesn't like her should get their ears checked.
B00008DDXC|5.0|It was a Friday night, and there didn't seem to be any good movies out. So I went to see &quot;Harry Potter and the Chamber Of Secrets&quot; and just expected to think it was silly and immature. I was completely blown away! I never knew anything about Harry Potter before I saw this movie, and I was hooked by the end. Now I'm a huge HP fan.<br />And now, after watching the first movie as well, this one was even more incredible than the wonderful first one, &quot;Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone.&quot; I have to say, wow, did those kids grow! David Radcliffe, Tom Felton, Rupert Grint, and Emma Watson are big kids now! Well at least...bigger than before. And my, has their acting improved. I have never seen young kids perform so good in my life. They truly made the &quot;Chamber of Secrets&quot; a real gem.<br />What I loved about the movie is how they stuck true to the novel. Yes, some things were changed and moved around a bit, but I think they did a much better job than with the first one. <br />The acting was great. I mentioned the kids already (man, they were good!), but I can't forget the superior acting talents of the adults in the movie. Maggie Smith, Richard Harris (rest in peace), Jason Isaacs, Robbie Coltrane, Alan Rickman, Kenneth Branagh, and all of the other fabulous actors suited their role perfectly. <br />The special effects were great (as you would expect). The quidditch scene was one of my favorites...as far as FX go, they seemed utterly flawless. <br />It was darker than the first (once again, following the novel. Can't imagine how dark the fourth one will be...), bolder, and better in every way. One of the best movies I've seen in a long, long time. <br />You don't have to be 12 to love Potter! I give it to 2 thumbs up and definitely recommend adding it to your collection.
B00005JLET|5.0|I just watched this recently and it is my all time favorite to date. <BR>I plan to re-watch it very soon!<BR>If you are an Adult (and I most definitly am)who appreciates wondeful animation you will love this.<BR>it's like looking at otherworldy art created in the world of spirits, and a beautiful little story too! If you have kids they will love it but I think adults may find something even deeper in this film then a young child might get.<BR>And if your Pagan or follow any Earth Spirituality, see this film, you won't be sorry!<BR>and I hear Princess Mononoke is fabulous too, I plan to see this next.<BR>You will be amazingly pleased and may have a wonderful dream of otherworldy delights.<BR>Highly recommended!! can't wait to explore more anima like this!!<BR>Absoulutely Beautiful..oh also the music is delightful!
B00005AQF7|5.0|The first album from Snoop Dogg, produced by Dr. Dre, even though it's almost 10 years old, it's still better than 95% of rap out today.. The lyrics are by far the best of Snoop's career, the production is some of the best ever(Dre did it, what do you expect?). I'd recommend this to any rap fan, or any music fan.. It's the definition of classic.. Best tracks are: Gin and Juice, Tha Shiznit, Murder was The Case, What's My Name, and Gz and Hustlas..
B00005JLRT|4.0|I liked this movie a lot.  I loved to see the marriage, after all that Riker and Deanna have been through and the different books about them I have read it was satisfying.<BR>I also liked the entire movie, without any particular problems.  The only thing I didn't like was the unhappy endings, I am a sucker for a happy ending.  I didn't like seeing Data decompiled so to speak, although if it isn't over (which out of all of us here I seem to be one of few)and I hope it isn't! that he will somehow recompile back into his normal old self and rematerialize again.<BR>It was nice to see all the older faces but I hope they have some new ones next time if there is one.<BR>I hope that they make as many more movies as they want I will certainly be there to watch.
B00003CXTG|1.0|What a waste of time! FDR's &quot;Day Of Infamy&quot; speech is without<BR>a doubt one of the most famous speeches in U.S. history, and <BR>yet the makers of the film &quot;Pearl Harbor&quot; couldn't even get <BR>that part right? The war almost seemed to be a bother to the<BR>producers of this film, who were obviously more interested <BR>in the cheesy love story than anything that had to do with<BR>what this film should have been about? Sure, the scenery was<BR>pretty. And it's hard to argue with the impressive graphics<BR>during the actual attack, although at times it took on more<BR>of a video game look than actual movie scenes? But if our<BR>superhero pilots weren't super enough, their transformation<BR>from fighter pilots to B-25's so they could save the day in<BR>the Doolittle Raid gave the film a comedy feel (hmmm, maybe<BR>&quot;Pearl Harbor&quot; was MEANT to be a comedy?), as did the highly<BR>funny scenes of love interest Kate Beckinsale getting a front<BR>row seat to hear the radio play by play of the actual battle?<BR>Do the words &quot;radio silence&quot; mean anything? I dont recall <BR>the actual Doolittle Raiders talking plane to plane like that?<BR>And wasn't it sweet of Josh Hartnett to fly air cover for pal<BR>Ben Affleck once his B-25 went down? YEARIGHT! =) The bottom<BR>line is that if you're looking for a cheesy love story, &quot;Pearl<BR>Harbor&quot; fits the bill. But as a war movie or piece of U.S.<BR>history, &quot;Pearl Harbor&quot; belongs in the &quot;fiction&quot; section. I'm<BR>sorry you guys couldn't get it right..
B00005JLT5|1.0|I bought the widescreen DVD of The Pianist at Circuit City and it froze and jumped within chapter 13.  I got a replacement copy and it played fine until near the end when the German officer shows up and then it jumped back to chapter 13.  I played the DVD's on different players, different brands.  Don't know if it is a widespread problem or related to Circuit City's batch.  (The movie itself is 5 stars, I'm only reviewing the DVD.)
B00003W8NM|5.0|The first time I saw this movie I was in shock to how good it was. Since that point I have seen it at least 25 times, and it never gets old. Brad Pitt and Edward Norton work together so well in this movie. I'm not really a Brad Pitt fan, and I didnt think that he would have worked for this movie because he is a pretty boy, but he works perfectly in it, no one else could have been better for his part in the film. I dont even need to say anything about Edward Norton, he's just a plain out fantastic actor(my favorite as well). This movie is by far the best and my favorite movie I have ever seen, and I have seen a lot of movies. If you have not seen this movie yet, go rent it, it is truely a great film. The only people I would not recommend it for is people that cannot take violence, there are some pretty brutal fight scences. For everyone else, go see it, you wont regret it.
B00007KQA3|2.0|I was eager to see this movie after reading the novel, and I have to say I was disappointed. As far as movies go, I thought this was one of the worst I have ever seen. While it is faithful to the novel, I thought some scenes were very poorly done, cheesy, and not entertaining at all.  It was painful to watch and the soundtrack was terrible too. If you want to be depressed and see a lot of a hairy naked chick, buy this movie. You have to be one of those literary types to enjoy it even a little bit.
B00008K79Q|5.0|My wife and I live in Arctic Alaska and the Native people here have stories which reflect somewhat similar racial prejudice in education by the dominant white society. We hear stories from the past about how local Native students would be punished for speaking their Inupiat Eskimo language in class, and also how they would have to travel to other parts of Alaska and the Lower 48 to get a high school education.<br />Then to see an extreme example of this philosophy by the dominant white Australians against the aboriginal people, right into the 1970s. Painful, but a story that should be told, and told as well as in this movie.<br />The three young aborigine girls are forcibly removed from their village and taken off to a kind of boarding school to make them discard their culture and language. Like some other reviewers I credit this movie for focusing on the determination of the young girls, especially their 14-year-old leader, Molly, to escape from such a place and walk back a long, long way to their village, through all kinds of obstacles, including a hired aborigine tracker on their trail.<br />See the movie, read the book, and then do what you can to help preserve and enhance the many indigenous cultures around the world in this era of globalization. Peace!
B000001IQH|5.0|any rancid cd is amazing, this has it all though, the best thing about rancid is that every cd release is something different, every song on this cd is great, all of them stand out, its great music to listen to all the time, its great party music too<br />my favorite song on the cd is disorder and disarray, that song just gets you going, other great songs are time bomb,roots radicals,ruby soho,lock,step and gone and journey to the end is one of the best songs that could ever be played, overall the cd amazes everyone
B00006AW2G|5.0|This is a great album.  It's generally considered to be one of the Stones' best albums, which it is.  Rock, blues, country, even a bit of gospel.  The Stones were at their peak during this period.  I don't need to single out any songs, because they're all good.  But I thought I would mention that &quot;Country Honk&quot; is an acoustic country-fried version of &quot;Honkey Tonk Women&quot;, for those who didn't know.
B00000IYWH|4.0|The 1999 remastering of this classic album features the complete contents of the March 20, 1960, RCA Hollywood session plus the dawn-to-dusk April 2 Nashville session that rounded out the album, for a total of 18 songs, including the three singles and their B-sides from those sessions. Although they have common recording origins, two of the three singles, \\"It's Now or Never\\" and \\"Are You Lonesome Tonight,\\" were very quirky by the standards of Elvis songs at the time - the former inspired by Elvis's admiration for Tony Martin's 1949 hit \\"There's No Tomorrow,\\" while the latter was recorded at the request of Col. Parker as a favor to his wife. They add to the diversity of sounds on this record, which shows a more mature Elvis. \\"Dirty, Dirty Feeling\\" and \\"It Feels So Right\\" showed he could still rock out and challenge authority and propriety, while \\"Reconsider Baby\\" and \\"Like a Baby\\" offer some of his best blues performances; but \\"The Thrill of Your Love\\" (a very gospel-tinged number), \\"Soldier Boy,\\" \\"Girl of My Best Friend,\\" and \\"Girl Next Door Went a' Walking,\\" also displayed the rich, deep vocalizing that would challenge critics' expectations of Elvis, playing rhythm guitar throughout. He also comes off better than on any of his other albums since arriving at RCA, as a musician as much as a \\"star\\" (he'd always had a lot more to say about running his sessions than the critics who loathed his RCA years indicated). The sound on the 1999 remastering is extraordinarily close yet natural, giving the listener full value for the presence of Scotty Moore, Hank Garland (who also plays bass on a few tracks), D.J. Fontana, Boots Randolph, and Floyd Cramer. - Bruce Eder, AMG<br />Lincoln Chase's \\"Such a Night\\" was a hit twice. In 1953, Clyde McPhatter and the Drifters recorded it as one of their earliest singles. The bouncy tribute to a one-night stand (the words only talk about kissing, but you get the idea) drew an outstanding performance from the tenor-voiced McPhatter, and the song nearly topped the R&B charts. Johnny Ray recorded a typically emotive version for the pop market that drew comment for seeming to spell out the sexual implications of the lyrics. Elvis was an admirer of the song, and when he returned from the Army in 1960 he recorded it in a playful, rocking version for his Elvis Is Back! album. Four years later, Presley's label, RCA Victor, belatedly released the track on a 45, resulting in a Top 20 hit - the most successful pop recording of the song. There have been several other recordings, including versions by Dinah Washington, Tom Jones, and Conway Twitty, but none have outdistanced the ones by the Drifters and Elvis. - William Ruhlmann, AMG
0802130208|3.0|Confederacy of Dunces is brilliantly written and as a book probably deserves more stars than I gave it.  But if, like me, you cannot like a book if you detest all the characters, you will not enjoy this one.  If that's not a problem for you, go right ahead.  Confederacy has biting wit, very in-depth characters, and some wonderful social observation.  But don't expect to sympathize with anyone for more than a few pages.
6305513406|4.0|&quot;Where No Man...&quot; Shows us Gene Roddenberry's second chance to &quot;sell&quot; Star Trek to NBC. A man is mutated by some cosmic force that gives him god-like powers. How will he be stopped?<br />&quot;Corbomite Manuver&quot; An alien decides to &quot;test&quot; the Enterprise's intentions. How they rate?
B0000584V3|5.0|I feel bad for calling Opeth a metal band. I really do. Opeth has done the rare and almost impossible task of expanding the boundaries of heavy metal. Up until I heard of Opeth, which was this album, Blackwater Park, in 2001, I thought that the genre of heavy metal was one big repetitive whiny noisefest, with bands like Linkin Park and Papa Roach leading the pack of the rap-metal movement. Then a friend recommended that I check out Opeth. I downloaded \\"The Drapery Falls,\\" and I was immediately enticed and amazed by the use of acoustic guitars, melodic vocals, growls, and heavy compositions. <br />A few weeks later, I picked up Blackwater Park, and though it took a few listens to sink in, I fell in love with it. They mix thrash metal, art rock and acoustic rock better than any metal band, sans maybe Metallica during their peak. Too bad they're pegged in with other death metal bands because all of them can't hold a candle to Opeth in terms of composition, power, diversity and resonance. Metal has been a genre that does not win me over immediately. Sure there's the heaviness and the brutality, but there is nothing wrong with being somewhat soft, because you still can have an edge. Opeth is living proof of that, and they are one of the few 'metal' bands I listen to constantly. Though, classifying them as metal does the band injustice, for I see their albums (especially this one) as a work of art.
B00005QTAR|4.0|\\"Savage Curtain\\" An alien decides to test Kirk & Spock on their concepts of \\"good\\" & \\"evil\\" by creating duplicates of Abraham Lincoln & Surak.<br />\\"All Our Yesterdays\\" Kirk, Spock & McCoy are lost somewhere in the past. How will they get back? NOTE: Shatner, Nimoy, & De Kelley are the only 3 people from the original cast to be in this story! There are no shots of the inside of the Enterprise whatsoever!
B000092ZYY|3.0|I had all the songs from this CD already. They are great. This is maybe one of the best albums they have come out with so far. Every song is just great. BUT, i ordered the special edition because I was expecting it to be as good as the Amnesiac Limited edition cd which was actually made to look like a library book. Sadly this special edition is terrible. I can beleive this is a radiohead cd. The Cd package is of very poor quality. The whole thing looks like it will fall apart. I am a designer and I have to say this special edition is not worth the extra $$$$. Get the normal version.
B00005U2JL|5.0|\\"This will help you see what its like to be nailed to this wrecking ball\\" MARILYN MANSON.  Guns, God and Goverment is a rare look at one of the world's most controversial artist's lifestyle both on and off the stage.  Shot throughout the US, Japan, Russia and Europe this release spotlights the performance that has made MANSON truly infamous.  This DVD contains features wich gives the viewer an 'All Access Pass' to off stage life and a glimpse behind the scenes as the tour takes the from Tokyo to Berlin, Moscow to Rome, London to New York and everywhere between.  DVD bonus features:  'The Death Parade':  A 30 minute short film of the band's last trip around the world.  DVD audio options:  Stereo, 5.1, and DTS,  running time:  107 minutes approx.  By-far, the best live MANSON you will ever see or hear!
B00000099Y|5.0|This is the first album that I picked up from Tool.  This album single handedly changed the way that I look at music, and opened up a whole new world for me.  Words cannot describe how much Tool and their music means to me.  They are a band that needs to be discovered by everyone who thinks that something is missing in today's music scene.  This band puts more thought into 5 seconds of this album than most bands can muster up for an entire album.  Each band member can be singled out for their outstanding musicianship... but whats the point?  What the four of them create is so much more important than an individual person's skills.  It is a very powerful and satisfying album that needs to be experienced, not listened to.  And yes, Lateralus is just as amazing.
B00005B36H|5.0|How can anyone possibly call this album a step back from nima.  So I've only worn out two copies of this cd as opposed to the three copies of nima (obviously I haven't had this one as long).  The thing is, the two albums shouldn't even be compared.  Tool have evolved so much over the decade that they have been around, that you can't possibly say one disc is better than the other.  Sure nima is considered the &quot;difinitive&quot; Tool album, but that is only because it came before Lateralus.  Tool had already blown us away with their unique compositions and one of a kind skill and style.  The only thing left for them to do is take that skill and style and move in a different direction.  If you think they will ever remain in remotely the same place, you are mistaken.  I cherish this album every bit as much as I do nima and Undertow.  You must see them live to realize just how much of a role the songs on Lateralus play into making Tool the most brilliant band around.
B00006LLNU|5.0|This album is breathtaking.  I didn't understand the fuss made over this band that supposedly &quot;has no lyrics&quot; until I picked up this album.  W O W.  This band puts me another universe.  A more pleasant universe.  If someone tries to disrupt me while I'm in the middle of listening to this, i tell them to go away.  When im in the car and have arrived at my destination I have trouble turning my car off while listening to this.  It is that engulfing. The sounds made by Sigur Ros on this album are one of a kind in their beauty.  I especially love the progressive change of style up intil the very end, when there is a tremendous demonstration on how drums are meant to be played.  Is this album for everyone?  Probably not.  I like to think that this is a dreamer's album.  My dreams, for one, have never been so pleasant.
0782011098|3.0|You gotta be a fan of Cary Grant to like these. They are fairly typical of the romantic comedies of the time. These movies are kind of like cotton candy -- sweet and enjoyable, but not much substance.<br />Father Goose is, in my opinion, the better of the two, because is allows Cary Grant to stretch a bit, while still remaining true to the genre. His gruff, unshaven character is a departure from the suave, sophisticated of That Touch of Mink. <br />If you're a fan of these type of movies, it's a worthy addition.
0679735909|5.0|A.S. Byatt is a master and this is her master work.  She is not only a brilliant storyteller and a crafter of beautiful prose but she is also a professional scholar, so she knows what it's like to spend countless hours in dusty archives in search of enlightenment or even truth.  This book is an academic fantasy, flawlessly recreating the obsession one feels when on the trail of a great research topic, the ecstasy of finding the one magnificent piece of evidence that suddenly makes years of effort worthwhile, as well as the almost blind passion with which many scholars imbue their subjects with their personal point of view--and the paradigm shifts that must occur when that view is challenged.<br />But this book is no mere academic mystery tale.  Byatt wins my heart by consistently drawing characters who are intellectually gifted yet emotionally flawed and not always certain of their place in their chosen--unreservedly critical--profession.  In Possession, her researchers are not only intellectual but human and vulnerable, struggling to unearth an emotional life that equals their intellectual one.<br />Not for everyone, but for people who require a smart read in addition to a great story, this one is a classic.
B000002LCI|5.0|This is a truly awesome CD from one of the best bands of all time! My absolute favorite song on here is the bizarre anthem \\"Never Let Me Down Again\\" followed by the terrifying \\"To Have & To Hold\\". The rest of the songs on this album are absolutely fabulous as well. Get this lp NOW!!!!
0767840135|5.0|This Cirque Du Soleil show, in which is about a journey seen through the eyes young girl, is amazing. It is one of my favorite cirque shows. The acts included in this dvd are, jump rope, ariel contortion in silk, diabolos, banquine, vice versa (statue), *****hand balencing, ariel hoops, german wheel, ariel ropes, and many more. My absolute favorite act is hand balencing on canes. It is performed by Olga Pikhienko, the same acrobat who does hand balencing in cirques latest production Varekai. This act is truly breath taking. The flexibility, stength and balence this acrobat performs seems virtually impossible. Cirque Du Soleil has yet to amaze us again! Other of my favorite acts include ariel contortion in silk. This is done by Issabel Chasse, the same girl who was in the group contortion in Nouvelle Expirience (an earlier cirque show.) Diabolos is a good act, it is performed by cute little asain girls who catapult chinese yoyos in the air. Jump roping is also good, it is full of many energetic performers. This cirque show is just amazing, I highly recomend it.
0060090367|5.0|In bought this book in London's airport so I wouldn't be bored out of my mind flying back to the US.  The original teal and hot pink cover caught my eye- I bought it purely for the eye-catching appeal.  I read it on the plane all the way home and couldn't put it down until I was done.<br />This story revolves around Claire.  She hopes her pregnancy will save her failing marriage.  Turns out Claire's hubby has been having an affair so Claire packs up and moves back home with her parents.  She has a VERY hard time dealing with the divorce and the fact that she's become the size of a watermelon.  Claire hits the rock bottom of depression (even while her parents tend to the newborn).  The pieces of her life slowly get put back into place...  she even finds love again!  I loved this book!  It's definately a Marian Keyes must read.
B00007AJKI|5.0|I am really surprised to read that some people felt this film is either pretentious or intellectually low brow.  This movie can perhaps be best appreciated by people who are not intimidated by the poetry of ideas, and those who invest some quantity of themselves and emotion into the content and occurrence of their own philosophical ramblings and occurrence in general.  For some of us, the important stuff really is what happens between customers at the quickie mart and this film gives it a real nice goin'-over.
0316666343|4.0|It pains me to not be able to give this book 5 stars, because there is so much to love about it. It's a poignant family drama, filled with memorable characters that the reader deeply cares about. It's of course a highly original narrative point of view, told in first-person by Susie from her private heaven, as she observes with innocence and insight the effect her murder has on people in her life. I was captivated by the first few chapters, which seemed a pitch-perfect blend of sentiment and shock and smart ideas. <br />Unfortunately, as the story advanced, there was a shift to an increasingly sentimental tone and too-neat resolutions. The body-switching device with Ruth seemed terribly contrived, an unfair demand placed on the reader's hitherto benign tolerance for the supernatural. The scene this enabled, of mature lovemaking between Ray and Susie, rang false and frankly inappropriate for a girl with a 14 year-old consciousness. I also felt cheated by the anticlimactic, offhand dispatching of Mr. Harvey (though nicely foreshadowed). There was a dark mystery developing, spiced with the added danger of his new focus on Lindsey, that deserved proper resolution. Realistically, no father would have just given up searching for his daughter's murderer, nor should it have been that difficult to track down, through his buyers, one of the surely very few people in the country building custom dollhouses. Our story ends with Lindsey and Samuel marrying, moving into the derelict house they found shelter in one night (which just happens to be owned by Ruth's father, a redemptive touch for even the most minor character), restoring it with Buckley's help, bearing a child named Susie. Again, it's too neatly contrived.<br />I guess my final impression of The Lovely Bones is of a beautiful, distinctive idea that lost its way somewhere in the telling. Nonetheless, I will recommend it for its virtues to everyone I know.
B000002UAU|4.0|1967 was a turning point in the Beatles' history. Some were predicting their break up three years before it happened, and music was constantly changing, due to Bob Dylan and other innovative. Could the Beatles match these new contenders to the musical crown? The answer (happily for as of us) was a resounding YES. Without the burden of touring or making endless publicity appearances, the' Fab Four' were free to push the boundaries in the Abbey Road studios. What resulted was the most experimental Beatles album to date, with topics ranging from a Circus to filling the Albert Hall's holes. That being said, there are some weak numbers (` Within You, Without You' springs chiefly to mind), but this monumental release stills stands proudly of what innovations can be found or created in rock music.PEPPER was such a trend setting release, Frank Zappa and his Mothers of Invention ruthlessly parodied it in their masterpiece, 'We're Only In It For The Money'.PEPPER is not the Beatles Best album ever, but a top contender for 'classic album of the pyschedelic era'. <br />SGT. PEPPER'S LONELY HEARTS CLUB BAND - After some tuning and audience hushing, the band hits the stage. A good `rocky' album opener; McCartney using his  `Little Richard ` voice. Paul wrote this after catching a glimpse at some of the outlandishly named bands from the U.S. George Harrison's lead guitar break stings like a swarm of wasps. After a brilliantly harmonised band introduction, Billy Shears, the leader of the band is introduced . . . <br />WITH A LITTLE HELP FROM MY FRIENDS - Ringo's token appearance on the album, answering a set of musical questions levelled at him by the remaining Beatles. Not the first time the others would write a song for their drummer, this has got to be among the best songs he ever tackled. Later transformed into a blues-rock hit single by Joe Cocker and his Grease Band.<br />LUCY IN THE SKY WITH DIAMONDS - This track pushed the `fab four' into the role of leaders for the psychedelic movements. John Lennon's love of Lewis Carroll is never more in view, as the listener is taken to another world full of newspaper taxis and rocking horse people. It shows the man's genius that he can make a rock classic out of simple painting drawn by his son Julian. Lennon's voice sounds otherworldly and the organ is a nice touch.<br />GETTING BETTER - Although this bouncy track is sung by McCartney, the lyrics better suit the character of Lennon who was always the `rebellious' Beatle. Paul has started that when `McCartney /Lennon' wrote together, Paul was the optimist and John the pessimist. This is shown in the chorus: \\"It's getting better all the time . . .it can't get much worse\\".<br />FIXING A HOLE - An offbeat little number with Paul happy doing his own thing in his own time, regardless what other people will do or say. Harrison's lead work rings like a bell. One of the few songs from this album that could have been played live by the `two guitars, a bass and drums' set up.<br />SHE'S LEAVING HOME - A heart-rending ballad about the generation gap and the search for freedom and fun. Paul's' voice is mellow and sad; the use of Lennon singing the role of the parents was a masterstroke, it adds to the realism. When producer George Martin could not do the orchestral arrangement for this track fast enough for Paul, an outside arranger was brought in; as expected this caused a bit of contention between Martin and McCartney.<br />BEING FOR THE BENEFIT OF MR. KITE - Lyrics taken almost verbatim for a Victorian era Circus poster found in an Op Shop. The carnival like atmosphere is helped by the calliope loop in the song's mixed (achieved when Martin cut up tapes of calliope music into chunks, threw them into the air and then randomly rejoined them). You get the feeling that if the poster had never existed, John would have written the song anyway.<br />WITHIN YOU, WITHOUT YOU - George Harrison being `incredibly cosmic' with another slice of raga rock; his only contribution to the album. Stephen Stills has a stone in his garden with the lyrics to this song inscribed on them. Not one of my favourite Harrison songs. I would've preferred `Only A Northern Song' which was attempted during this period.<br />WHEN I'M 64 - Just think, Paul McCartney can have his questions answered in a couple of years! Written in the early years of the Beatles for his father, McCartney shows his love for earlier English musical styles, which turns up again later in `Your Mother Should Know `, Honey Pie' and `Martha My Dear'. <br />LOVELY RITA - An underrated, jaunty number concerning Paul's failed seduction of a meter maid. Shows that Paul could be just as saucy and witty as John when the mood took him. Ending slips at the climax into weirdness and collapse.<br />GOOD MORNING, GOOD MORNING - John considered this exciting track a `throwaway number'. I beg to disagree with him. Never has the mundane been painted with such a witty brush. This is a portrait of everyday life in sixties' Britain and Harrison helps ram the point home by a stabbing lead break. Ringo is allowed to roam all over his drum kit after Martin unleashes an entire menagerie upon us, courtesy of a SFX library. One of Martin's acclaimed tricks on this album was the transformation from a chicken clucking into a George Harrison guitar note, signalling . . .<br />SGT. PEPPER'S LONELY HEART'S CLUB BAND (REPRISE) - At a quicker pace, the band signs off, and that would be that were it not for a soft guitar slowly rising in the mix . . .<br />A DAY IN THE LIFE - This has to rank with `Strawberry Fields Forever' as John Lennon's greatest song (with help from Paul in the middle section). A reading of the news turns into a `musical orgasm' not once, but twice. The song includes a lid banging shut, a roadie (Mal Evans) counting down, and an alarm clock going off.People have written article upon article,dissecting all the aspects of the is song; and rightly so. The album would suffered if it was excluded.
B000066NW0|1.0|avril should stick to what she does best- pop.<BR>i would have no problem with her if she didnt market herself as a punk.
B00005KHJM|3.0|I finally saw the much lauded Wicker Man.  It was pretty good but not at all deserving of the rapturous praise heaped on it.  Basically it all hinges on the big surprise ending... It was interesting.  It reaches its artistic highpoint when Christopher Lee is mincing around in a dress, wig, and make-up, followed by a parade of simpletons in animal masks, until they reach a cheap paper mache mock-up of Stonehenge, whereupon they all must stick their heads in a Motley Crue logo.  No denying that it's weird.  The music is engaging in the sense that it is so awkward that it initially commands attention, and then my brain lurches into a frenzy of confusion and embarrassment.  And some of the deliberately \\"scary\\" imagery was really hilarious... Like the lady sitting on a gravestone with a baby on her lap, her facial expression at once blank and menacing... and in her outstretched hand sits... an egg?  Funny! It is worth checking out but I doubt it will be a candidate for repeated viewings.
B00006RU5B|5.0|When you mix the impressive guitar work of Tom Morello and the chilling voice of Chris Cornell, you'd expect something great...  And that is exactly what this is.  There harder stuff like exploder and chochise is great, but I think that there truly excellent work is on the more jazz style songs like Getaway Car, my personal favorite song on the CD.  Just listen to the CD, you'll like it.
B00006LLNU|5.0|This is the most amazing music I have heard in a long time. I was introduced to Sigur Ros through a local &quot;dreampop&quot; radio show that has unfortunately been cancelled. I never thought one cd could put you through your paces emotionally but this one does. Every song flows into the other with such beauty you don't even notice you're at the end. I highly recommend this cd.
0375422307|5.0|As an Iranian Who is living outside Iran now I can recommend this book to my entire foreign friends who have no Idea about Iran. Since I myself was a child when the revolution happened I could relate to Marjane and her story. Her funny tone throughout the book and how she explains the events makes her story line stronger. The book is full of fact of the events, which took place in Iran during revolution and the Iraq-Iran war. The book also very instructive, for example the way she explains the difference between Persians and Arabs, which I think every Iranian, has a hard time to explain this difference to the foreigners. I highly recommend this book to every Iranian and every foreigner and I guaranty once you open the book you cannot put it down, because it is simply irresistible.
B00008PX8P|5.0|As a disc jockey at my school I still remeber listening to a pre-release issue of the first Led Zeppelin album and just sitting in shock at the sound coming into my headphones! From that day on I was hooked and and a few years later I would actually spend time on the road with Led Zeppelin.<BR>After all these years I can honestly say that my initial viewing response to this incredible five hour collection brought tears to my eyes and joy to my heart.<br />Led Zeppelin live was something special. Robert Plant, Jimmy Page, John Paul Jones and John Bonham gave it their best every time they hit the stage. The Rolling Stones have always proclaimed themselves at the &quot;Greatest Live Rock and Roll Band,&quot; but Led Zep can also make their claim for that title in this special 3 DVD set.<br />In 1970, where this muscial journey begins, video and sound recording was light years from today's digital revolution. This was a time when long playing vinyl albums sometimes were released in both a mono and stereo versions! <br />Jimmy Page and crew worked many months in restoring the video quality and remastering the sound to glorious Dolby Digital and DTS formats.<br />To just comment on a few songs in this incredible sonic document would be missing the point. Having witnessed their live performances at back stage, side stage and front stage I know that for any hard core Led Zep fan this is as good as it gets! For the casual fan of that time in history or the younger generation you can now see and hear what the fuss was all about.<br />The Led Zeppelin DVD collection validates the reason for having a home theater system!<br />These guys might have had the rock star swagger, but they knew they were great and we knew they were something very special.<br />As Baseball Hall of Famer Dizzy Dean once said &quot;It ain't bragging if you can do it!&quot; and I think this sums it up nicely for the Hammer of The Gods.
B000068UXF|4.0|In the same year this live performance was recorded, during the summer Salzburg Festival, Decca released Sir Georg's studio-recorded version, which, as was the case with Sawallisch's for EMI of some years before, was note-complete but shows a cast altogether different from the one hired for him by the Salzburg Festival. Solti had acquiesced to the usual theatre cuts for his series of performances for Covent Garden during the 1960's, but later on insisted in presenting the work complete, whether for the public or in the studio, so we may presume this performance is complete, although it is neither so advised in the booklet nor could I check it with a score. The point is important because one of the key parts, that of The Nurse, has been cut almost from the work's first performances some eighty years ago, especially in the last act, on grounds of its fearsome difficulty (\\"those passages are unsingable\\" was the term coined by some of the singers during Strauss's time),  but this performance shows the unnecessariness of such cutting the rle as taken  by Marjana Lipovsek, a singer whose untimely death one regrets daily. It is the crown jewel of the set, a true performance to serve as a reference for many years to come, fabulously sung and supremely well acted. <br />Studer is very good as The Empress, singing beautifully if rather wanting in the acting side. Strauss gave this character some of his most inspired pages ever and Studer, her voice soaring majestically above the vast Salzburg venue, acquits herself with top honours. Moser proves a handsome Emperor, slightly light-voiced for the rle perhaps, but is very effective, looking every inch the part (Solti used Plcido Domingo in his studio recording referred to above). The Barak character, the Emperor's human counterpart, is taken here by Robert Hale, whose voice was perhaps past its prime by 1992 but he none the less was still able to portray the dyer quite well (some older readers may  refer to Walter Berry'simpersonation, preserved on disc but better still if they were lucky enough to catch him live, but they will be surprised by Hale's success). And now to Bark's Wife, the Empress's human counterpart and taken here by Eva Marton: by 1992 her voice had deteriorated significantly and her impersonation of the part, no matter how passionate and well acted, is marred by a very serious wobble and proves the set's minus side (and its missing the 5th star  in my rating, which the set would have otherwise deserved). The supporting parts are very affective, no less so Andrea Rost as the Falcon. Solti conducts with his customary nervousness and the Vienna Philharmonic play like gods, they do show they have this music in their bones, having played the score more times (one hesitates to use the term \\"more often\\" in an opera so seldomly played) than any other ensemble.<br />The Friedrich production, with handsome sets by Rolf Glittenberg that effectively convey the parallel fantasy and human planes where the action develops is fascinating to watch, the sound has been very vividly caught by the joint team of ORF (Austrian Public Radio & TV) and Decca, and visual production for home viewing is sensitive and unobtrusive, allowing you to form a wholesome picture of the actual Salzburg proceedings of a decade ago.
B000002HMH|4.0|Load is so different! It really irritates a lot of folks! I love most of the songs on it. &quot;King Nothing&quot; is a bloody classic!! However, this album took a long time to get used to! I hated &quot;Hero Of The Day&quot;, &quot;Cure&quot;, &quot;Poor Twisted Me&quot;, &quot;Wasting My Hate&quot;, and especially &quot;Ronnie&quot; the first ten times I listened to them. Then, after putting Load away for about a year or two, I decided to give it a listen. Low and behold, it sounded great! I don't know why exactly, but I loved every song! Go figure. So, if you can be patient, you might find some hidden treasure here...
B00005JLT5|5.0|I rented this film expecting a story about the Holocaust.  What I saw was so much more.<br />The Pianist is a film about a Jewish piano player (whose name I will not even try to spell) who plays the last song heard on the Polish radio before the Nazis invade Poland in 1939.  His family is shipped off to the death camps whereas he is saved, but is forced to live in hiding for almost a year.  He survives for the sake of his music.  What an incredibly brave thing!  It is his music which saves him in the end; he is caught by a German Nazi who tells him to play a song on the piano.  After he has finished playing, the Nazi decides to leave him alone in hiding, for the music is so beautiful.  He even brings him food and clothing when the Nazis flee from the incoming Russians.  After returning to a normal lifestyle, he goes back to playing the piano on the Polish radio.  <br />There is not much to say about this film other than the fact that I was stunned and awed.  This movie captures the very essence of what the Jewish people went through during the Nazi occupation.  I am a big history buff and this film was very accurate.  Some scenes were very horrifying, namely the scene when the Nazis pulled several Jews out of a walking line and told them all to lie down, then shot them all.  It was a very well done film, and I would advise anyone to see it, whether or not they know anything about the Holocaust or WWII.  Adrian Brody, who plays the pianist, certainly deserved the Best Actor Oscar for his performace.  It was simply stunning, as was the rest of this film.
B000002HRE|4.0|The only real complaint I have about Reload is that it wasn't sold as the second disc of a Load / Reload double cd. Not only would it have been more economical, it would have made more sense. Reload is another one that had to grow on me (more like it crept up on me). After Load, I was expecting the unexpected. I was not disappointed! Songs like \\"Fuel\\" \\"Bad Seed\\", \\"Devil's Dance\\", and \\"Better Than You\\" hit my eardrums like battering rams! \\"Unforgiven 2\\" and \\"the Memory Remains\\" got the radio airplay, without being total commercial garbage. My personal favorite was \\"Where The Wild Things Are\\". \\"Low Man's Lyric\\" is an odd little tune that comes across like Bob Dylan on ludes. \\"Slither\\", \\"Carpe Diem Baby\\", and \\"Fixxxer\\" were hard for me to get used to, but I did! \\"Prince Charming\\" and \\"Attitude\\" clanged around in my brain until I finally surrendered to their assault! All in all, a good, mixed box of weirdness and surprises...
B000093BDX|1.0|It's a good introduction to the Beach Boys, but after looking over the running order and <BR>reading the Amazon reviews, I think I'll pass on this collection since I own all these songs and burn <BR>my own disc of \\"Summer Fun\\" with the suggestions from the reviewers. <BR>I started off by putting the songs in a closer chronological running order and dropped <BR>some of the songs that reviewers questioned while adding ones they suggested. <br />01. Surfin' Safari <BR>02. Surfin' U.S.A. <BR>03. Little Deuce Coupe <BR>04. Surfer Girl <BR>05. Shut Down <BR>06. In My Room <BR>07. Be True To Your School <BR>08. Fun, Fun, Fun <BR>09. The Warmth Of The Sun <BR>10. Don't Worry Baby <BR>11. All Summer Long <BR>12. I Get Around <BR>13. Do You Wanna Dance? <BR>14. When I Grow Up (To Be A Man) <BR>15. Dance, Dance, Dance <BR>16. California Girls <BR>17. Help Me, Rhonda <BR>18. Barbara Ann <BR>19. Sloop John B <BR>20. Wouldn't It Be Nice <BR>21. God Only Knows <BR>22. Good Vibrations <BR>23. Heroes And Villains <BR>24. Darlin' <BR>25. Do It Again <BR>26. I Can Hear Music <BR>27. Surf's Up <BR>28. Sail On Sailor <BR>29. Good Timin' <BR>30. Kokomo <BR>Finally, one reviewer pointed out there was even room for a couple more songs. <BR>May I suggest...Catch A Wave after Surfer Girl and This Whole World after I Can Hear Music. <br />The other summer fun CD that will be out in late August is called \\"Bananas\\" a NEW album from Deep Purple. You remember them. The industry buzz says, \\"this is one to look forward to\\". Yes!
B00005YW4H|5.0|This beautiful CD is hauntingly beautiful...I have recommended it and also given it to friends as gifts.  Norah has a bright future ahead of her; she can only get better!  I cannot wait for her next CD!  We play it at least once a day.  Real get in the mood music!  My husband is still smiling as I said to him &quot;Come away with me and we'll kiss...&quot; OMG LOL!  Terrific!  If you don't have it buy it RIGHT NOW and enjoy!
B00005JM1F|2.0|I had heard from tons of people I know (college aged people) that old school was totally hillarious and that I HAD to see it.  I should say also that I have always been a big fan of Will Ferrel, the great Vince Vaughn, and &quot;raunchy&quot; comedy in general, so I had really high expectations, but when I finally rented the DVD I was pretty dissapointed.  Don't get me wrong, there are some funny moments, but they are few and far between.  I spent a lot of the time yawning and waiting for the funny parts, most of which I had seen in the previews.  Some of the DVD extras are pretty good, including the cut sceens, but I also didn't think the inside the actors studio spoof was that great (vince vaughn just didn't seem to be into it).  As far as this being an &quot;unrated&quot; version, what was added?  I didn't really see anything that seemed very wild.  Anyway, I would just recommend to people like me (who didn't see it at the theaters but think it would would be a good purchase) to rent it first.
B00003CX8V|4.0|For years I watched this film and didn't really like the story. Understand- I liked the central characters, but didn't like what was happening to them (or the fact that they allowed it to happen over and over again). I figured out the trick to watching and really enjoying &quot;The Apartment:&quot; you need the patience of Job. The pace and order with which the events happen is so gradual (rather than slow) that it can easily frustrate the viewer who wants everything in a movie to be resolved in five minutes. If you don't have 2+ hours to really sit, watch, and be absorbed, you may not appreciate this one. At first glance, you want to ring the collective necks of Jack Lemmon and Shirley MacLaine- two characters who both seem much too smart and civil to allow the things that happen to them to keep happening. MacLaine, of course, excelled in this cheery-but-abused character in the dawn of her career, and Lemmon- who was still fairly new in 1960- was showing a kaleidescope of emotions in a character who's alternately a loner, a doormat, a kook, and something of a genius in ways of smooching the corporate bosses. Once he and MacLaine actually start their own interaction (the card games are a marvelous form of silent courtship- even in the event of squashing an attempted suicide), everything's all right with the film- and the world. Eke out a Sunday afternoon with bags of microwave popcorn and soda to see this one. Or if you're feeling really adventurous, watch with a spaghetti dinner- strained through a tennis racket, of course.
0440224764|1.0|Grisham has descended from the rank of sometimes-decent author to that of bland, predictable, and often obnoxious executor of 1000 cliches.  The Partner is a quick read, but not because it's innovative or engrossing.  Unfortunately, there is nothing here that hasn't been sampled from countless other formula-driven pieces of pop-culture.<br />The fact that this book was written backward is utterly transparent.  Every little plot &quot;twist&quot; is immediately met with a convenient little solution so that we could move swiftly along to the next twist.  And as the story unfolds, the writing is unbearably trite and witless, offering identical characters who all speak with unrelenting sarcasm and leaving valuable literary devices such as inference and allegory utterly out of the picture.<br />I'm sure many have and will enjoy this as a flippant read, but please, please, PLEASE don't call this good writing!  It is the literary equivalent of a big, flashy summer movie that entertains us, but is appropriately forgotten in a year's time.
B00002SSKI|5.0|Now and Then is the perfect movie for the girls. No matter what your age, you will have a great time. It is about four friends who meet when they are all grown up, recalling the summer of 1970. Together, they share secrets, get mad at one another, and show their emotions. Take a trip down memory lane with Chrissy,(Ashleigh Aston Moore and Rita Wilson) Roberta,(Christina Ricci and Rosie O'Donnell) Teeney,(Thora Birch and Melanie Griffith) and Samantha,(Gaby Hoffmann and Demi Moore). This movie brings out the spirit in you and definately proves that girls just wanna have fun!-And if you really love the 60's and 70's, and you enjoyed the movie, check out the soundtrack as well.
B000092ZYX|5.0|On the surface, the title Hail To The Thief is a Bush reference, but upon closer look it could also be a satire directed at Radiohead's many imitators. It's amazing how you can still hear OK Computer's influence on so many works of art, not just music. But Radiohead, best band in the world as they are, weren't just smart, talented & original enough to record an essential masterpiece like OK Computer: They also know how to keep creating music under its large parasol, reinventing themselves & sounding singular all at the same time. Interestingly enough, since another appropriate title could've been Hail To The Liar, as Thom Yorke called the album OK Computer 2. Well, he lied. Or maybe he was joking. At any rate, the only similarity between the two albums is the natural flow of songs; yet Hail To Thief works both as a collection of songs as well as a start to finish album. I really don't want to namedrop the songs names, that would be too boring, but I think the video for \\"There There\\" defines the overall sound of the album: dark & unrest yet ethereal & evocative. I think Thom is at his most tangible & humane on this album, due to it's new found fatherhood. Radiohead fans should be familiar with the lyrics on the album, since they've been posted on the band's Internet website as well as Kid A's hidden booklet, but the music delivers them to you in a way that invites you to dissect & deconstruct them, encouraging you to read more reviews & interviews in order to find out more about the inspiration behind them. Really, almost all of the songs are Radiohead classics upon first listen, & the rest will surely become ones on repeated listens. Hard as it might be to believe, Kid A & Amnesiac sank in faster for me, probably because I knew what to expect from them. Hail To The Thief works differently, as it's not particularly groundbreaking but it's not a return to rock either. It's just a new Radiohead album that proves us that we can count on them to be the most inventive & unique band around, which essentially means a lot.
B00005JMFR|5.0|I just saw the preview for The Matrix Revolutions after beating Enter the Matrix (great game for Matrix fans) and all I can say is that it is going to be 10 times better than the other Matrix films. The scenes look more action packed and many of the unanswered questions that popped up in my head when watching Reloaded are sure to be answered in this final installment of the Matrix series.  Just be sure not to miss out on the great finale that is the Matrix Revolutions.
B000002KBH|5.0|Good CD. All good songs and performances. A good Greatful Dead intro for your undead friends.
0553212478|4.0|First off, let me get this out of the way - this is not what I expected.  When one refers to Frankenstein, the image conjured up is always the square headed, green skinned Karloff with bolts through his neck (at least, for us non eggheads :P). I am so glad that I read this book just to see who and what Frankenstein's monster really was before Hollywood got ahold of him.<br />There is a mysterious feeling surrounding this book when you know how it came to be.  Read the Author's Introduction if you read nothing else.  Their talks on the subjects of the day ring in the background of Frankestein and, since we are after all dealing with Byron and Shelly in the background, one can almost feel the mood that must have been present that summer.<br />As for the content of the book, the main question I find interesting is that reviewer/critic Harold Bloom said that the greatest paradox was that Frankenstein's monster had more 'humanity' than his human creator.  It is a good angle from which to read the book.  Frankenstein (the creator) works feverishly to learn the secret of resurrection and once he succeeds, abandons his progeny to a cruel world that can not see his inner beauty for his gruesome appearance. The spurned creature turns to his creator and threatens him into helping him by creating a mate so that he can have some solace in the world. With this he would be peaceful.  Are his acts the acts of a monster or of a man pushed too far?  Honestly, the book itself brings up the questions but I didn't see that they were answered.  Of course, I might be missing it.  Regardless, it is fun to read and you owe it to yourself to find out what Hollywood jipped you out of.
B000092ZYX|3.0|&quot;I see a lot of 5 stars for this album. Everyone is entitled to an opinion but if Hail is 5 stars The Bends must be 7 stars. <br />Hail To The Thief is better than both Kid A and Amnesiac but can't touch OK Computer or The Bends. It is true that it combines elements of both the older and newer style albums.&quot;<br />The above quote is from one reviewer on here that I completely agree with.   This album in my opinion is far from 5 stars, but hey that's me.   I give it a 3.  I hated Kid A and I hated Amnesiac even more.   I can appreciate the artisitic principle behind both but they were so far out they isolated early Radiohead fans.<br />I have been a fan since Pablo Honey back in the day and that doesn't mean I want Radiohead to put out the same album over and over, but they have gone overboard and have gotten really oh god I hate this expression but &quot;artsy fartsy&quot;.   As for Hail to the Thief I guess I'm one of the few that does not like the song 2+2=5 something about York saying the same line over and over just really annoys me.   Now I love &quot;There There&quot; and I love &quot;Sail to the Moon&quot; both are masterpieces and a perfect melding of old Radiohead while creating something new.   I also like &quot;Where I End and You Begin&quot;, &quot;Backdrifts&quot;, and &quot;Punchup at A Wedding&quot;.   However the rest of the album to me is just music that junkies would love to get high too.<br />Radiohead seems to be trying to claim that they are &quot;changing the way music is made, and staying true to art.&quot;   Yet since they made Kid A they have gotten far more commercial attention than they ever had before.  So Radiohead has found a loophole in the system much like King Crimson by creating chaotic music with almost no real structure they have managed to become more popular than when they made music with true melody and true structure.   Anyway if you like Radiohead then check it out if you can but I honestly can't tell you to rush outand buy this, cause it's only average in my opinion.   The good songs are great and the bad ones are horrible(something you couldn't say about OK Computer, the Bends, or Pablo Honey).   Well congrats to Radiohead for forging a new sound and still managing to have a lot of commercial sucess at the same time.   I just hope the next album is more structural not so much a return to the older days just a return to balance and structure and not so chaotic.<br />-MB
0140187537|5.0|Steinbeck comes forth with his usual superb character development as expected.  What was unexpected was how relevant his question remains today.  Is everyone dishonest in business?  Is that what it takes?  What happens to an honest man when he tries to get ahead?<br />The story is set in the typical small American town.  If you have ever watched small town politics, you know the cast.  Except for Ethan.  He is unique because he is honest.  He is also \\"a failure\\" because he is honest. He has a wonderful wife - never openly begrudging and always accomodating.  But then he has two kids, both of whom want to know why he isn't rich or when he will be.  They are the future, as children naturally are and the question plays out between them too. Then there is Margie.  Like a carbon copy of the perfect wife, she is the perfect \\"confidant\\" if you get my drift.  As a woman, the contrast between them begs study. But it also pushes the fidelity angle too as Steinbeck goes into her relationships with various men.  Like Young Goodman Brown (Hawthorne, I think) who goes to meet the Devil fearing what various people would think only to find out that they are all already there, Hawley questions of morality go there too.<br />But the true grit of this, for me, is the honesty factor.  When being asked by his family when he will be rich, one of his responses is that there are two kinds of money - no money and not enough.  It will never be enough.  At what point do you stop \\"bending the rules\\".  Do you \\"bend the rules\\" to get a house and security and then behave as an honest and decent man?  Or do you then have the \\"not enough\\" kind of money and have to keep going.  Is to be rich necessarily to be dishonest?  And in the return to honesty and decency, will the money be lost?<br />This is an excellent book - and always will be.  As long as we keep doing things we wouldn't \\"normally\\" do to make money, i.e. trade off our family and values to do this or do that.  Are we being who we want to be?  Are we  striving to be the best spouse, neighbor, parent or does business come first? And, if so, why?  Is that really success?to be?  Are we  striving to be the best spouse, neighbor, parent or does business come first? And, if so, why?  Is that really success?
B00006JJ1O|5.0|I have to say when I first heard about their suppositious  teenage lesbian image (which I don't believe is entirely their own making) I was turned off.  But as soon as I heard the first note of their song \\"all the things she said\\" on MTV, I forgot all about their image.  <br />Their music is full of energy and beautifully melodic.<BR>T.a.t.u is different also because they lack the antagonistically annoying repetition of dance music! This CD, with its rich lyrical content, is a much-needed escape from the bleak MTV hip-hop/rap driven US music scene.  <BR>Each track is unique and as a whole creates a rich variety<br />1. Not Gonna Get us ::  Fast and catchy, but not in the annoying way.  Not to high strung to be irritating, but keeps your energy up!  4/5<br />2. All the Things She Said :: the song everyone feel in love with.  Beautiful as always and  <BR>track 9. Ya Soshla Suma (I've Lost My Mind) is a great alternative.  Both songs are  the stars of T.a.t.u's music<br />3. Show Me Love :: one of my favorite tracks!  (well I love all of them) fun kinda dark with wonderful lyrics. 6!<br />4. 30 Minutes :: sweet sad,  nice next to the Russian version, and good to slow down a little ;) 4/5<br />5. How Soon Is Now? :: Great song!  Can listen to for an hour strait while doing school work. Lol keeps me awake<br />6. Clowns (Can You See Me Now?)  :: I have to say not as good as the Russian version but ok.  My least favorite track so I will give it a 3 o/f 5  But the Russian version is  a 6!<br />7. Malchik Gay :: beautiful strong song.  Pleasant surprise you want Move when you hear this song!  5/5<br />8. Stars :: sweet and really not needed in English, since its mostly in Russian. 3/5<br />Track 10 is just the original of \\"Not gonna get us\\" Nas Ne Dogoniat Great as well.  4/5<br />11. Show Me Love [Extended Version] same. <br />As you can see I love this album.<br />All of the songs are wonderful but I could live off the Russian album alone.  Anyone who misses out on hearing the Russian songs is missing out on T.a.t.y<br />While I enjoy the russian versions of the songs more, it is nice to hear the meanings in english as well.  I play \\"Show me love\\" in english and russian back to back.  One gets to have two great (but at times) different versions of every track.<br />Well of course if you don't like Techno and dance music you wont like this album to much. So put the coldplay CD back on and stick with that.  But if you want techno/rock music with beautiful vocals and great lyrics, something truly different from the main stream- go with T.a.t.u<br />Try the duo, forget the hype, and enjoy the music.
B00006JJ1O|4.0|This CD is quite nice...IF you happen to be in to ber-cute sugar techno pop. It's sugary Japanese-style pop music's Russian technoified cousin, and as such, it's surprisingly good. Forget the lesbian hype. Ignore the girls kissing onstage. What's left? Surprisingly good music. That is, if you're in to that sort of thing.<br />The standout tracks on this CD are definitely \\"Not Gonna Get Us\\" and \\"All The Things She Said,\\" although I find their Russian counterparts (\\"Nas Ne Dagoniat\\" and \\"Ya Sholsla S Uma\\" respectively) to be much better. These four tracks together are almost worth the CD. I actually really liked the much-maligned \\"Malchik Gay\\" but then again, to each her own. \\"Show Me Love\\" is pretty good, but not good enough to justify having a regular and an extended version. The slower songs aren't quite as much my cup of tea, but oh well.<br />Yes, I'm a girl. Yes, I'm straight. Yes, I like t.A.T.u. Anybody got a problem there?
B00008S2VG|1.0|Im sorry, but the last person to be trying to make a statement about society is Madonna.  She has made a fortune off exposing herself.  Now I think her manager and agent have informed her that her looks have gone south, so its time to try and be a &quot;serious&quot; artist.  And don't get me wrong, i'm proud of her for learning how to play a G chord on a guitar.  And yes I agree when people say that there wouldn't be any Britneys and Christinas without Madonna paving the way.  NO KIDDING!  They are following the Madonna blueprint to the Tee.  I am a firm believer that MTV has ruined music, and Madonna has to be their all-time poster child.
1556587864|5.0|This film pushes the limits of social boundaries.  It is full of bloody scenes and some really vivid sex scenes.  It is truly erotic to say the least.  Basic Instinct is very possibly a Hitchcock style murder thriller, but I think that Hitchcock may have believed in a form of depiction that would have been closer to having a veiwer use more imagination. <br />A violent icepick murder seems to have been taken right out of the mian characters most recent novel. Arrogant and cool, she entertains the police investigators ideas that she may have been the murderer.  This of course took place during the all too famous interogation scene where she crosses her legs and shoots the detectibes an eyeful of her personal area. Curran of course investigates her and gets a little too close.  In the process he compromises his integrity and his relationship with his current girlfriend by getting caught in her web. <BR> <BR>Basic Instinct is a film written in a truly dark manner that at times will leave you either frustrated or uncomfortable, and will always keep you on the edge of your seat.  Most will enjoy this one.
B00005OAIE|1.0|Going on the word of a friend, I decided a few months ago to see what the fuss is all about and bought the John Mayer CD.  Now I know I should really re-think my friendship with the guy, this album falls totally flat.  There is absolutely nothing at all original at any moment in these 14 songs.  The lyrics are sappy and uninspired (it sounds like poetry a pimple covered 14 year old would write, then read and discard).  It is obvious that this guy was a big fan of Dave Matthews in college, so he decided to become his cuter and less-talented clone.  My advise to John Mayer is to quit his day job and go work for Calvin Klein or something.  I guarantee he will be on a where-are-they-now segment of VH1 in 2 years.
B000006YYM|4.0|This album, their sixth, was the first to represent what I'd call their &quot;middle period&quot; sound.  It differs from their first period (more progressive and varied) and is not simpler and more straightforward like their late period of music.  So this probably represents Giant Giant as most fans would think of them.  Most of the songs are good, though the album overall is not quite as good as the previous album (In a Glass House), nor the following one (Free Hand).  But this is definitely an album that Gentle Giant fans need in their collection.<br />Apparently this album has been one of the best selling GG albums in America, if not the best selling.<br />Unfortunately, just like the vinyl release, the title song `Power and the Glory' is not on included on this CD release.  I had the song on a compilation record years ago, and it is really good. I'm not sure why it keeps getting left behind.  It would have made a lot of sense to include it with the other songs.
B00005QDW5|4.0|If ever there was a \\"Best of\\" that was gonna leave people feeling unsatisfied, this is it. Sure, I can think of another 10 essential tracks that are missing, and I'm not even a fanatic. Like any collection though, this is going to cater to someone just getting into \\"Pink Floyd\\", or that person who just needs one offering from them. Die-hards will most likely think more about what's missing, than what's present. One thing for sure is that everything on \\"Echoes\\" is good/excellent stuff. I personally enjoy the later (Gilmour) years more than the early (Barrett) years, with neither being as good as the middle (Waters-Gilmour) years. Bottom line is that this is probably as good as 2 discs could have been, and is a fine package of their \\"best\\" stuff. Of course if I had to suggest one more thing, it would be to just get \\"The Wall\\" instead.
0064471837|5.0|The book starts at Sabriel's colledge.  Her father is dead, or traped in death,and three guesses who has to save him. Only,things get more complecated when Sabriel saves Touchstone, a man who was traped as a figure head. It is then that Sabriel finds out that the whole world,both Anclestire and the Old Kingdom, will be destroyed if the great dead,Kerrigor, gets out of death. A book full of humor, action and romance,it is truely the best tale of dark secrets, dangerous magic and deep love!
B000021YQV|1.0|This kind of \\"music\\" is just annoying to my ears. Please, go listen to some Metallica, Megadeth, Pantera, Sepultura or Slayer... NU METAL [stinks]
B00005LC1H|5.0|Sitcoms in general give me hives. They often have the feeling of being thrown together at the last minute, or are typically filled with predictable, contrived, and unchallenging humor, or are simply hollow vehicles for advertising to help put viewers \\"in the buying mood.\\" These trends seem to be evolving more in favor of the advertiser than the viewing public, so it's refreshing to see that something wonderful can be done with the sitcom medium.<br />Fawlty Towers is a meticulously written and acted British sitcom in which nearly every line and movement delivers a laugh. In the realm of the sitcom it has no equals, which also explains why only 12 episodes were produced. At the rate at which most sitcoms (British or North American)are shucked out it's just not possible to consistently crank out material of this quality. Each episode on these DVDs is the result of months of research, drafting, writing, rehearsing and editing. John Cleese was offered to do the series in the United States, but interest waned when Cleese told them how long each episode takes to produce. Sitcom producers generally don't have the patience for hardcore quality material.<br />The show is set in a British Hotel that is run by a racist snob (Basil Fawlty played by John Cleese) who, once he discovers that someone is a Lord or a Doctor or someone of \\"importance\\", he stops being rude to them and takes on a disgusting deference. This theme alone drives almost half of the episodes. Other episodes deal with racism (between the English, Germans, Indians, etc.), Basil's weakness for parsimony or gambling, health inspectors, removing a corpse from a hotel indiscreetly, and the classic misunderstanding.<br />For first time viewers of Fawlty Towers, if any of the humor seems stale it's likely because it's been badly imitated somewhere else. Don't blame Fawlty Towers for this. In many ways it set the standard (though never exceeded) for sitcoms after it. Entire series were built off of one idea presented in one episode of Fawlty Towers (i.e., the 'misunderstanding' in \\"The Wedding Party\\" was probably the entire inspiration for years of second-rate \\"Three's Company\\" episodes).<br />\\"The Germans\\" is probably one of the best shows ever made, though it's not for the PC-sensitive. Racial slurs abound (so I won't quote from it) and Basil, with a head injury, continually makes references to World War II while serving a group of German tourists. No, it's not nice or culturally sensitive, but as the saying goes, \\"If it's funny, someone's probably going to get hurt.\\" It's only television after all, which usually gets taken far more seriously than it deserves.<br />If there is anything negative to say about this collection, it's the bonus features. The interviews are great but the production quality is dreadful (did they hash these out to interns?). Bizarre and sometimes out of focus camera angles look more careless than experimental. At one point the camera outright violates John Cleese's personal space. If you can ignore the bad production, the interviews with John Cleese, Prunella Scales (who played Basil's wife), and Andrew Sachs (an English actor who played Manuel, the \\"Spanish\\" waiter who provides an incredible amount of comic relief, which I guess technically counts as \\"brownface\\") are a great watch. The only one missing is Connie Booth, who co-wrote the series and who's input is sorely missed.<br />Also included, though again badly produced, is a documentary about the origin of Fawlty Towers. If you're a huge fan (like me) you won't want to miss this (but just try and ignore the bizarre shots and wildly fluctuating audio levels).<br />Overall, it's hard to believe these shows were produced in the 1970s. They retain their freshness due to the painstaking work that went into them. There are few, if any, sitcoms from the 1970s (or even from today) that can make that claim.in one episode of Fawlty Towers (i.e., the 'misunderstanding' in \\"The Wedding Party\\" was probably the entire inspiration for years of second-rate \\"Three's Company\\" episodes).<br />\\"The Germans\\" is probably one of the best shows ever made, though it's not for the PC-sensitive. Racial slurs abound (so I won't quote from it) and Basil, with a head injury, continually makes references to World War II while serving a group of German tourists. No, it's not nice or culturally sensitive, but as the saying goes, \\"If it's funny, someone's probably going to get hurt.\\" It's only television after all, which usually gets taken far more seriously than it deserves.<br />If there is anything negative to say about this collection, it's the bonus features. The interviews are great but the production quality is dreadful (did they hash these out to interns?). Bizarre and sometimes out of focus camera angles look more careless than experimental. At one point the camera outright violates John Cleese's personal space. If you can ignore the bad production, the interviews with John Cleese, Prunella Scales (who played Basil's wife), and Andrew Sachs (an English actor who played Manuel, the \\"Spanish\\" waiter who provides an incredible amount of comic relief, which I guess technically counts as \\"brownface\\") are a great watch. The only one missing is Connie Booth, who co-wrote the series and who's input is sorely missed.<br />Also included, though again badly produced, is a documentary about the origin of Fawlty Towers. If you're a huge fan (like me) you won't want to miss this (but just try and ignore the bizarre shots and wildly fluctuating audio levels).<br />Overall, it's hard to believe these shows were produced in the 1970s. They retain their freshness due to the painstaking work that went into them. There are few, if any, sitcoms from the 1970s (or even from today) that can make that claim.
B00005JKWI|3.0|Blade 2 is symptomatic of most sequels in that it is not as enjoyable as the first movie. The acting in the movie is still great and cannot be touched upon but all too often the film relies too much on flashbacks and the pace is a bit too slow for my liking. I know that sometimes a film needs to start slow sometimes and I could accept this in Blade 2 but it seems to take an age in getting out of the slow start and by the time it really begins to get in gear - it's too late and the film is almost over. Also the soundtrack isn't as powerful as the first one. It seems to be set for the goth market and it just doesn't have that same \\"je ne sais quoi\\" of the first one<br />I would like to reiterate that I didn't find the movie [garbage] in anyway. It is a good movie and is one of the better movies to come out of Hollywood in 2002 but it's just that there was not enough action in it and it felt a little stale. I just hope they don't make a Blade 3 because that would completely ruin the integrity that the first one had.
B00005JKZV|3.0|I echo moviemaus-- rent if you want to watch it. Even the description above says it includes<BR>  #  An inside look at the Special Extended DVD Edition of \\"The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers\\".<BR>That is the multi-DVD set with deleted scenes that Tolkien fans like me missed in LOTR. Don't make the same mistake I did with LOTR!
B00008PX8P|5.0|I was lucky enough to see LZ in 73 &  a bunch of times in Feb 1975 @ MSG, NYC, at which they may have filmed a shot or two from Song Remains the Same.  This band was so great....to see them evolve from 1971 where JP wears those geeky tennis shoes to the glitz of MSG with the clothes, a cocky rock band who were the greatest and knew it, to the acoustic set (brilliant, esp The Art of Dying...never knew ANYone used a Danelectro guitar for real)....to the older, post-death-of-Plant's-son-Carec at Knebsworth show, which was so great.  I play (or try to) most of those tunes - seeing \\"What is....\\" in 1971 blew me away, and No One's Fault but Mine was a treat, the definitive solo in Stairway, plus the JP handling of playing multiple tracks (as you hear on the CDs/albums)at one time (as in R&R and Ocean) is instructional as well as professional..the man has talent, skill, balls and so what if he's sloppy - that's his style.<br />I don't know how many times I've played a track or 2 here and there - it's such an unbelievable collection.  It's great yet saddening to recall my teenage days, how young and great THEY looked and sounded, and how time passes so quickly...so quickly you gotta capture these moments in time because they are powerful and pass so quickly....has it been 30 years?
B000089RVX|5.0|I was really impressed with this cd. Of course I'd heard the song &quot;Bring Me To Life&quot; a million times and loved it but I thought that the rest of the cd couldn't be as good as that one song. Man, I was so wrong! Every song on here is either one you can sing to or relate to or just have a good cry over. It's filled with powerful words and an even more powerful lead vocalist, Amy Lee. She is amazing! Her voice is really beautiful. I have to agree with the person below me when they say she can go from hard rock to ballad like it's nothing. This is a great cd and a welcome addition to anyone's collection who likes rock music.
B00008973Q|4.0|I'd give this DVD of RAN 5 stars for the film itself, a terrific adaptation of Shakespeare's KING LEAR set in feudal Japan.    The restoration, though, rates a little lower at 4 stars.  The movie itself has been remastered from a 35mm print, resulting in more vivid colors and greater image detail, although some Kurosawa enthusiasts may be put off slightly by occasional dithering and shimmering glitches that plague some restoration projects such as this.  The sound, including the haunting orchestral score, have more presence and depth than in my old VHS copy.    Now for the bad news - this DVD only gets 2 stars for an amateurish subtitling job.  It's obvious that the English subtitles were simply lifted from the theatrical release without much care, and too many misspellings abound, including one incident where Saburo was once named \\"Suburo.\\" (What next - \\"Subaru?\\"  Will Lord Hidetora watch as his most abrasive son morphs into a Justy and spirits him off to safety?) Fortunately, the subtitles can be turned off.    Rounding up the scores, 4 stars to this DVD release.  A film like this clearly deserves to be treated with much more care and respect when being translated for non-Japanese speakers, especially since Kurosawa has now passed away.  If the folks at Wellspring Media want to prove to Kurosawa's fans that they're not \\"gaijin no baka,\\" they'll offer free replacement DVDs with the errors corrected.  But that's just me.
0385504209|3.0|I found it to be a bit self-congratulatory.  While the word puzzles and riddles that make up the bulk of the story were clever, the effect was ruined for me when, after each one, Brown states how clever they were and what a genius the character who &quot;created&quot; them was.  As a result, I read the book with the feeling that the author was telling me how clever HE is.<br />Also, I've read most of the books Brown seemed to use as references, and he didn't seem to pick the best scholarship on the chosen topic.
B00000ILDE|2.0|The point of an editor within a film is to weed out uneeded material and ensure the film works and runs seamlessly. Maybe if I had never viewed the original, watching the special edition may not seem so bad to watch.<br />Most of what is added stands out from the rest of the film...it seems weakly scripted but for the most part is irrelevant and spoils the impact for some of the scenes.<br />Unfortunatley now the original edition is never shown on television or is available to on DVD. Is there a way to view the original without the additional footage on DVD?...there should be.
B00008K79Q|4.0|This was a beautiful film which I highly recommend.  Unfortunately, the practice of separating indiginous children from their families and homes and sending them away to be re-educationed, Christianized, and de-cultured also happened in the United States.  Many Native American children were taken from their homes and sent to schools where they were not allowed to speak their native tongue or observe any cultural tradition.  A very good film about a young half-Cherokee boy taken from his grandparents is THE EDUCATION OF LITTLE TREE.
B000096H33|5.0|Isn't it an amazing coincidence that the 2003rd version of Tubular Bells just happened to come out in the year 2003?  :-D  But seriously, believe what the other reviewers have written here - this is one good record.
B00004Z459|1.0|linkin park is THE worst band in the world today.  worse than creed.  worse than nickelback.  yep.<br />what really makes linkin park's music horrible (besides the whiniest vocals ever recorded) is that it isn't sincere.  it's ... emotion meant to persuade angry pubescent boys to buy their cd and make them rich.  sad, but oh so true.  <br />linkin park is basically a boy band with \\"hardcore\\" (hahahahaha) guitars.  they're basically a joke, and should be put in prison for stealing money from unsuspecting teenagers.  BUYER BEWARE.<br />OH, but there is one good thing about this cd.. the \\"angst-filled\\" lyrics are pretty hilarious!
6305546789|5.0|This is a great movie. J.C. is a genius. If you really pay attention to the movie, it can really be scary. I don't own the DVD, cause the 25th anniv. DVD is coming out in August so im waiting for that. Plus, I have the restored collector's video, so I got somethin to watch till then.<br />peace
B00008YLV2|5.0|This is perhaps my favorite movie of all time.  It makes the viewer painfully aware of a forgotten or little understood conflict.  The battle scenes in the movie are very intense.  While the movie does not provide extensive background about the conflict, the two documentaries on disk 2 (totaling about 3 additional hours) provide some background.
B000092ZYX|3.0|OK people something that I have noticed,some other reviewers have complaint before, the 5 stars rating ; seems like many really do not know what 5 stars means . Despite intelectual,well written and detailed reviews. As any other Radiohead album they take more than a couple of listens(with exception of OK computer) to appreciate .This is a good album but definitely not a 5 star one , five stars is for all time clasics and those dont come that often believe me . I still think Ok computer is their best work followed by the bends , there is some sporadic tendencies to remind us of those albums but there is also much alive from the Kid A -Amnesiac era . for radiohead fans it is definitely worth to listen to what the band is up to these days , for new people unfamiliar with the Radiohead's Music world I recommend OK computer and the Bends to get started.<BR>I gave this 3 stars because I like music from Many diffent artist , appreciate their music and in my tough , personal rating<BR>system I think thats what this album deserves .Also for those 5 stars graders 5 stars is for the best ,even tough this is good material do you really think is the best? or is it  just your enthusiasm and excitement of the moment?
B00008YLV2|5.0|This is perhaps my favorite movie of all time.  It makes the viewer painfully aware of a forgotten or little understood conflict.  The battle scenes in the movie are very intense.  While the movie does not provide extensive background about the conflict, the two documentaries on disk 2 (totaling about 3 additional hours) provide some background.
B00008WG3U|4.0|Hmmm I must say I am pretty impressed by NoFx's new album  .... Their sound has evolved in this album, and all must admit that musically, NoFx seems to have gained skillz on this album. We must also note that their lyrics are wisely chosen, which is kind of unusual for NoFx. Can we say they evolved? sure. But they still play that energetic and powerful music as they always used to.<br />I also noticed that on a few songs, the singer lost his little whiny sound that used to follow exactly, note for note, the guitarist's riffs (which was getting pretty anoying if we listenend to NoFx for a while).<br />1. Separation of church and skate: A powerful great punk song, in which we can see the singer's whining stop! A different sound, but its refreshing!<br />2. REgaining uncounsciousness: a cool song, interesting lyrics, a bit repetitive but still good.<br />3. Medio-Core: I hate this song, it has ska-ish riffs but the rythm is dull, the song seems empty. Kill All the whitemen was a lot nicer NoFx song with ska influence. <br />4. Idiots are taking over: Usual NoFx! Sounds just as a song we could find on Punk in Drublic...<br />5. 13 stiches: Nice slow rythm, funny lyrics.<br />6. Irrationality of Rationality: didnt get me very excited.<br />7. Shes Nubs: OMG THIS SOUNDS SOOOO MUCH LIKE GUTTERMOUTH!! Its wierd: the voice, the fast rhythm and the sound of the guitars make this song sound like Guttermouth... Nice song, new stuff for NoFx!<br /> Anarchy camp and Franco un-american seem to have received ska influences. Its fun but not incredible. NoFx is not really made for Ska...<br />Mattersville is horrible.<BR>Oops I Od'd is cool and sarcastically intelligent.<BR>Decomposuer is not great neither..<br />I must say i didnt expect much anymore from NoFx, and this CD hasnt got me going crazy, but it is still an interesting record!<BR>I would have given 3 Stars, if i only considered the songs i liked and found so-so. But I must give it 4, for the inprovement of their musical skills and the new punch they added to a few songs!!
B00005JLEU|5.0|This movie goes along the line of great Japanese animation such as Princess Mononoke and Kiki's delivery service. Which, by the way is done by all the same person; the brilliant and unbelievable Hayao Miyazaki.<br />For young Chihiro and her family, a mysterious tunnel and haunted town lead to the Land of Spirits, inhabited by gods and monsters and ruled by the greedy witch Yu-baba.  Chihiro's parents are transformed into pigs; to rescue them, she must surrender her name and serve in this world.  Luckily she finds friends and allies, including the handsome but mysterious boy Haku.  Initially sulky and listless, Chihiro (or Sen, as she's now called) finds inner strengths and establishes an identity in this strange world.  The rest of the story tells of her trying to go home with her parents transformed back.<br />The initial conflict is not as many think as Yu-baba vs. Chihiro, but Chihiro vs. Chihiro in which she battles herself to find inner strength. What is interesting about this movie is there no definitive bad guy. They all have good reason why they do the things they do. Look at Yu-baba, she is only trying to run her bathhouse successfully.<br />The music fits wonderfully with the movie. It has an indescribable sound to it with a both melancholy but yet uplifting quality in it.  <br />The characters are neither all good nor all bad. The main character is not an overly brave overly talented girl, very average and very easily relatable. The main guy is not all good when his character flaws start emerging with its mysterious unknown past. The bad guy isnt all that bad. These are characters that will stick with you and make you root for them until the very end. <br />The animation will floor you with its painstaking details and breathtaking colors. Not since beauty and the beast have we seen such animation that truly deserves an oscar. Frame by frame is like piece of artwork genius. Very impressive and truly a work of art.  <br />The story goes by quick and the ending may not be what most fans expected and sadly so. But every movie has its vices. Still, everything mores than makeup for it. <br />A movie worth seeing more than once. I should know, Ive seen at a lot more than once. Deserves all its praise and much more. A must see movie spectacular.
B00005JLEU|5.0|Chihiro is your average ten year old girl moving to a new town.  Along the way she and her parents stop at what seems to be an old, abandoned amusement park.  Her parents, who smell delicious food in the air, unwisely decide to follow the scent.  When they reach the booth they start eating and boy do they starting eating when they both turn into pigs.  Chihiro must embark on a quest to save herself along the way meeting new friends and towars the end finally grows up into a young women.  This inspiring masterpiece is sure to amaze because the animation is drop-dead beautiful!  It is easily the best animation that I have ever seen.  The dubbing from japanese to english was seemingly perfect!  The world Miyazaki creates is brilliantly brought to life in this masterful work of art!  Kids and adults will both appreciate this movie and it deserved the awards and accolades that it won.  This is by-far Miyazaki's best work that I have seen and definetly the best animated feature since Toy Story!  It also has excellent music to complement perfectly Miyazaki's world!  Prepare to be amazed!!<br />The DVD itself is excellent.  The set includes: Dic One: English Dolby Digital 5.1, surround sound, original Japanese track, Widescreen (2.1:1)- Enhanced for 16x9 Television, Spirited Away introduction by John Lasseter, French Language Track.  Disct Two includes: The Art Of Spirited Away, The Nippon Television Special- The Making of the Film, Select Storyboard-To-Scene Comparison, Behind the Microphone with Suzanne Pleschette and Jason Marsden,  Original Japanese Trailers.  This DVD set is spectacular triumph in modern filmmaking!  Miyazaki is one of he best animated film directors, following in the footsteps of Walt Disney!!
B00006V9A0|3.0|The only reason to buy this is for the song &quot;You Know You're Right&quot;. I wish Courtney Love would've let Krist and Dave release a box set. Oh, well.<br />&quot;You Know you're right&quot; gets 5 stars<BR>the other tracks get 1 star (only because they are available on other albums).
B00006JJ1O|5.0|I loved this cd, it explained how i feel and using track number 7 titled \\"malchik gay\\" i let my friend know how and how much i loved her. So I suggest buying this cd and checking out their website ...
B00006RU5B|5.0|To begin, I am not the biggest Audioslave fan since I was a big follower of Rage Against the Machine and still hold a grudge about the break up.  With that in mind, I would recommend this CD to anyone who enjoys rock.  I bought the CD on a whim and have thoroughly enjoyed.  With the exceptions of a few songs, it truly is amazing.  First of all, Cochise was the first single off this CD and is a good song, but in my opinion not their best.  The second and third song are very similar and difficult to get into.  The 4th and 5th, the 5th being Like a Stone, are a very good combination of what Cornell and Tom Morello bring to the table together.  Other notable songs are Shadow on the Sun, probably the best on the CD, and Bring Em Back Alive, an incredible song that truly shows Chris Cornell's vocals.  The album builds up towards the end and delivers with &quot;The Last remaining Light.&quot;  A semi-ballad which, contrary to the opinions of other reviewers on this board, does not appear bored.  In fact, this in my opinion, and the opinion of others I might add, seems to be the most intuitive song on the entire album.  A song very worthy of skipping ahead to.  To wrap up, I am not the biggest Audioslave fan, but I will admit to good music when I hear it...and this is incredible.  Buy it and you will enjoy it.
B00005JLSE|5.0|Rob Marshall has managed to translate the Broadway musical CHICAG0 so successfully to the screen that it even improves on the original.<br />Brilliant performances from Zeta-Jones and Zellweger and strong support from Latifah, Gere and Reilly.<br />The choreography is definitely Fosse inspired, but manages to still be original and inventive.  The expansion of \\"Cell Block Tango\\" works wonderfully for the film and setting the plot more in Roxie's imagination than on a vaudeville stage, solves many of the narrative problems of Ebb and Fosse's book.<br />Don't miss a quick cameo by Miss Chita Rivera (the original Velma Kelly in the 1975 Broadway production), as a worn-out inmate giving Zellweger's Roxie some advice on Mama Morton.<br />Marshall has created perhaps the most successful screen adaptation of a Broadway musical since Fosse's CABARET in 1972.<br />If Fosse were alive I think he would be pleased.
B000092ZYX|5.0|This album is a very unique blend of all the other Radiohead albums. I've been waiting for this for a while now, and am not even close to being dissapointed. Stand out tracks: 2 + 2 =5, Myxomatosis, A Wolf at the Door, and especially, We Suck Young Blood. The best quality of the album: it doesn't drag. The songs are original, the lyrics don't leave anything to be desired, and the overall political implications are satisfying. Buy this.
B00008MNYS|4.0|Robbie Williams is a strange creature.   A sort of mix of Elton John and a cheap imitation David Bowie with a little Frank Sinatra thrown in for good measure.<br />In this, his latest pop album, he seems to be exploring, growing, maturing.   And he mostly succeeds in delivering edgy pop music with a slightly-nuts style.  <br />Highlights are the Glady Knight and The Pips-inspired \\"Something Beautiful\\" (listen to the \\"Midnight Train To Georgia\\" rip off/homage? chords in the chorus), the brazen \\"Come Undone\\" and the lusty \\"Feel\\".<br />\\"Nan's Song\\" is remarkably sensitive and \\"Get A Little High\\", while vapid, is very very catchy.<br />At times a conceited prick-slash-rock star, and at others a sensitive pop-crooner, Williams still seems to be finding his voice, and while he's not a brilliant artist, it's still fun to listen to him try to discover what he really wants to be.<br />If nothing else, he is never boring.
B000002UAX|5.0|\\"The White Album\\", where to start?  This album is absolutely amazing.  It has so much diversity on it.  Each individual song has its own mood and sound.<BR>  It opens with \\"Back in the U.S.S.R.\\"  A great opening song.  The album gets you moving and then slows you down with the beautiful \\"Dear Prudence\\".  This song is followed by \\"Glass Onion\\" which makes references to many earlier Beatles hits including \\"Strawberry Fields Forever\\" and \\"I Am the Walrus\\".  Very intersting to listen to.  \\"Ob-La-Di, Ob-La-Da\\" is a great song with a very good beat.  The end of it is pretty interesting if you listen to the lyrics.  \\"Wild Honey Pie\\" is a pretty funny song (it was a joke song).  \\"The Continuing Story of Bungalow Bill\\" is kinda odd, none the less a good song.  \\"While My Guitar Gently Weeps\\", what can i say it's amazing, its mood can never be duplicated.  \\"Happiness is a Warm Gun\\" is a good song with pretty deep lyrics.  \\"Martha My Dear\\" is a nice song that gives you that tingly feeling.  \\"I'm so Tired\\" is a song that once it gets in your head, you won't be able to stop singing it for months.  \\"Blackbird\\" is a great song that really makes you think, again adding to the variety of moods.  \\"Piggies\\" has a nice beat and a funny message, if you can decipher it.  \\"Rocky Raccoon\\" is a cool song with an unexplainalble mood (there the album goes again).  \\"Don't Pass Me By\\", this can't help but make you hum to the beat.  \\"Why don't we do it in the road?\\" is a song that has weak lyrics but gets stuck in your head for weeks.  It's pretty good.  \\"I Will\\" is a nice slow song.  \\"Julia\\", however, out does it as a perfect closing for the first disc.  \\"Birthday\\" is the perfect opening for the second disc.  It gets you moving just like the opening of the first disc.  \\"Yer Blues\\", as suggested by the title this is a blues song.  Once again a change in sound and mood.  It's a good song.  \\"Mother Nature's Son\\" is a great song with one of those beats that gives you goosebumps (in a heart-felt way).  \\"Everybody's Got Something to Hide Except Me and My Monkey\\" has lyrics just as funny and pointless as the title.  Despite the meaningless lyrics it has a great beat and may make you laugh. (Another mood, hmmm...).  \\"Sexy Sadie\\" kinda tingles your senses a little.  \\"Helter Skelter\\" totally blows them away.  This song is great with it's false endings (you'll see what I mean if you listen to it).  \\"Long, Long, Long,\\" sort of rearranges you senses a bit and gets you oriented again.  It's is a good song.  \\"Revolution 1\\" is a good song with a great intro.  \\"Honey Pie\\" sort of looks back on there earlier music.  The Beatles' music was great from begining to end, therefore this song is good.  \\"Savory Truffle\\" sounds like a program made to warn kids about eating sweets.  The lyrics are different (diversity) and the beat is too.  It's a nice song.  \\"Cry Baby Cry\\" has fantasitc lyrics.  It almost makes me cry.  \\"Revolution 9\\" is very interesting, but can get boring after the first couple of times listening to it.  \\"Good Night\\" is the closing song of the album and it sounds like a lulaby.  (More moods).  It definitely fits as the closing song.<br />  \\"The White Album\\" is one of my favorite albums of all time.  I'm sure any fan of rock 'n' roll will love it too.  I wish I could give it twenty stars.
B00006JU7T|5.0|Out of all the performances he did in the 1970s, Al Pacino's amazing, realistic performance in Sidney Lumet's 1973 film SERPICO is by far his most underrated.  Even though the movie was a success and critics praise this as one of Pacino's best roles (I would agree to that), SERPICO was sandwiched in between the two GODFATHER movies which contained Pacino's most famous role of Michael Corleone.  It seems that some have forgotten this film, but luckily I read about it recently and now have discovered how great this movie really is.  It was also a groundbreaking motion picture - the first movie ever to expose police corruption among the NYC departments.  Corruption was known to exist in police departments, but it remained largely underground and unknown to the public.  When the original book was published followed by the film version which became SERPICO, it exposed the public to a hidden evil that was lurking right under their noses and how one honest cop tried to change all that for good.<br />The film is based on a true story, on the life of Frank Serpico (Pacino).  It begins in the late '60s and ends in 1972, during Serpico's five-year ordeal as a NYC undercover cop.  When we first see Frank in his younger years, graduating from training, he's an idealistic man who wants to help people.  It's clear from the start that Serpico is not your average policeman: he is honest, a do-gooder, wants to help people, by-the-book, and his facial and top hair are extravagant.  He hates wearing the uniform and becomes a part of the plainclothes division.  As time rolls on, Serpico notices that various police officers are taking money from criminals as well as bribes, and also beat the criminals mercilessly.  It's all drug money or the like, and Serpico wants no part of it.  Throughout the movie, he constantly ignores the copious bribes offered to him by his peers.  Thus, Serpico hops from precinct to precinct hoping to work with honest cops, but it turns out that every precinct inthe city is even worse than the last one.  Frank wants to expose this police corruption, but his so-called \\"friends\\" give him false promises and drive him towards frustration.  He begins to snap, it damages his relationships, and when he says that he is all alone in this case, you can't help but believe him.<br />Serpico's story is not a triumphant one.  For all the good he tried to do and for all the effort he tried to do to put an end to rampant corruption, he is constantly spit on for his actions.  Pacino really gives an effective performance throughout.  He starts off as a nice, humble guy who wants to do the right thing at the beginning, and by the end the right thing almost causes him to lose his life.  This is a really great showcase for Pacino's talent.  Sidney Lumet directs the film with gritty expertise.  You really feel like you're there in New York circa 1970 and it just adds to the painful, grim realism of the film.  The special features on the DVD are also good, the best of which is a short but rewarding two-part documentary on the making of the film.<br />SERPICO is a towering achievement.  It deserves more credit that it gets.  Here is a movie that features one of our greatest actors in prime form and a wrenching story told the way the real Frank Serpico would've wanted it: honest.
0316776963|5.0|I made the \\"mistake\\" of bring this book on a cross-country flight, and by the time we touched down, was asked by 3 people sitting near me who the author was. Any book that causes you to lose composure is a good one.<br />David Sedaris lets you in on his life experiences with wit, self-depracation and humor.<br />Do kids with lisps automatically end up gay? How do you let your music teacher know that you don't want to name your guitar after a woman? How stupid do Americans really look to Europeans?<br />The books feels like you're drinking one-too-many with a new friend, and getting lost in their unique family stories. He has an awesome abilty of writing in a voice that's at once easy to read, and equally as easy to see played out internally. You'll have trouble putting it down!
0679720200|5.0|This book opend my eyes to other peoples ways of showing emotions and their troubles in life. The main character is a Arab named Monisuer Mersault. He does not show his emtions with his face or actions he keeps them inside. At the begging his maman dies. Later as the book evolves he finds a girlfriend and on a weekend trip with her he murders another Arab. He had been getting in with the wrong group of people. When he murderd the person he was feeling threatend by a group of Arabs with knifes. Mersault felt like it was the only thing he could do to save his life. While on jail trial they used the fact that he does not feel emtions and did not mourn at his mothers funeral against him. He was proven guilty and to find out his punishment you have to read the book!
B00008PX8P|5.0|Now I remember why Led Zeppelin was my favorite band when I was teenager growing up in the 70's.  I obviously had very good taste back then. <br />However, to be honest, I really don't listen to Led Zeppelin that much anymore...But I recently heard about this DVD and was very curious. I have an excellent home theatre system and I figured that with today's technology, they should be able to put together a nice, high quality package. I was right, except that this is actually even better than what I expected. This is an excellent, very high quality package. <br />The sound quality significantly exceeds my expectations. I am absolutely amazed at how good this sounds. Everything is crystal clear: John Bonham's thunderous drumming, John Paul Jones' bass & Keyboard playing, and of course Jimmy Page's guitar and Robert Plant's vocals. <br />In addition to the fantastic sound quality, this package also provides excellent footage of the band that I worshipped as a kid.  In the 70's, there was no such thing as MTV, and I never had the privilege of seeing Led Zeppelin live--so this is a real treat for me.  I did see the movie The Song Remains the Same, but other than that, live footage of Led Zeppelin was virtually non-existent back in those days.<br />Everything is great, but highlights of this package are: <BR>DVD 1:<BR>- We're gonna groove<BR>- I Can't Quit You Baby<BR>DVD 2:<BR>- In My Time of Dying<BR>- The Ocean<BR>- The entire acoustic set (Going To California, That's The Way, Bron Yr Aur Stomp)<br />The acoustic set is especially worth noting.<br />Even though I rate this as a 5, there are some points that are not as good as the rest of package:<BR>-Stairway to Heaven (great song, no doubt, but it isn't exactly a highlight on this collection)<BR>- Whole Lotta Love (there are 2 versions in this package, and neither of them represent the best of what this DVD collection has to offer)<br />Bottom line: Buy this and enjoy!
0066214122|4.0|This is the only book I've read by Crichton.  I expected much more.  His plot and story lines remind me a lot of Koontz, and that is neither good or bad.  This is a fantastic area, but as many writers have delved into similar stories, an author must go above and beyond the norm.  I love many of the movies based on Crichtons novels: Andromeda Strain, and Jurassic Park especially.  I do believe that between Crichton and Spielberg this would make a killer movie, but the screenplay would have to be better than the book.  This book is highly entertaining, I read it in just a few hours...time not totally wasted!
B00008PX8P|5.0|Now I remember why Led Zeppelin was my favorite band when I was teenager growing up in the 70's. I obviously had very good taste back then. <br />However, to be honest, I really don't listen to Led Zeppelin that much anymore...But I recently heard about this DVD and was very curious. I have an excellent home theatre system and I figured that with today's technology, they should be able to put together a nice, high quality package. I was right, except that this is actually even better than what I expected. <br />The sound quality significantly exceeds my expectations. I am absolutely amazed at how good this sounds. Everything is crystal clear: John Bonham's thunderous drumming, John Paul Jones' bass & Keyboard playing, and of course Jimmy Page's guitar and Robert Plant's vocals. <br />In addition to the fantastic sound quality, this package also provides excellent footage of the band that I worshipped as a kid. In the 70's, there was no such thing as MTV, and I never had the privilege of seeing Led Zeppelin live--so this is a real treat for me. I did see the movie The Song Remains the Same, but other than that, live footage of Led Zeppelin was virtually non-existent back in those days.<br />Everything is great, but highlights of this package are: <BR>DVD 1:<BR>- We're gonna groove<BR>- I Can't Quit You Baby<BR>DVD 2:<BR>- In My Time of Dying<BR>- The Ocean<BR>- The entire acoustic set (Going To California, That's The Way, Bron Yr Aur Stomp)<br />The acoustic set is especially worth noting.<br />Even though I rate this as a 5, there are some points that are not as good as the rest of package:<BR>-Stairway to Heaven (great song, no doubt, but it isn't exactly a highlight on this collection)<BR>- Whole Lotta Love (there are 2 versions in this package, and neither of them represent the best of what this DVD collection has to offer)<br />Bottom line: Buy this and enjoy!
B00008LDPU|3.0|I felt this would be the end-all and be-all of anime, I should have been a little more realistic. The stop-and-go nature of all the films can be annoying and there are big gaps in between features. Most are disconnected from films and only two are a continuation. I suppose my favourite was 'Matriculated', it's the most appealing to me, visually. The plot ideas are mildly cool, these are mostly about projecting big ideas onscreen through animation. The main feature lasts about an hour and twenty minutes, the rest is unentertaining but deep background or ads for other Matrix products. <br />   It would definitely make a better rental than 20 dollar purchase. None of the shorts were given enough time to really flesh out many ideas, there are advantages to this, but you can't get attached to any characters or ideas much, and it doesn't flatter their hard work. I felt that the Second Renaissance 1-2 compiled a backhistory of the Matrix very nicely, but maybe some of that should have been explained better in the films, instead of Lock getting a stupid bracelet from his girlfriend to represent 'faith'.
0790737345|4.0|CITY OF ANGELS is an interesting movie that opened my mind a bit and was easy to get into. The story surrounds Maggie (Meg Ryan) who loses a patient, and an angel named Seth (Nicolas Cage) comes to comfort her. What he doesn't expect is to fall in love with her. Maggie too, is smitten with him, but is frustrated by their distance, and that she truly doesn't know him. The more she learns about him, the more she pushes away from him. Seth realizes he has a choice, between living as a human or staying immortal. When he does take the plunge, he finds her and their love story begins. Ryan and Cage convincingly play soulmates, but by the time they find each other and can be together, is very short lived, and near the end of the movie. It made the movie all that more sad, but I think the underlying theme is that time is so precious and shouldn't be taken for granted. The movie was very well made, I was slightly disapointed that their happiness together was very short lived. Ultimately, it was well worth watching and I would reccomend it.
B00008J4P5|4.0|Don't expect the other tracks to sound much like 'Seven Nation Army', it's a lot more retro and blues-esque! They do it well, simply, too. I am a little disappointed that the CD is only 50 minutes, because it seems to go by fast, and it might be worthy of the hype if it had a better running-time. The lyrics don't mean anything and the there's a fairly irritating English/Retro vibe to it which can grate on you, but that's the cost of making this genre of music, I guess. I enjoyed the booklet's art, but being I've seen it for 24+ Tax, there could have been a DVD as well. I don't think that's asking too much. :D
B00000IL26|5.0|This album is fantastic...its a simply a must have for any Jazz music fan.<br />All the tracks are fantasitc in their own ways but the first track &quot;The Sidewinder&quot; is 10Mins 25Secs of pure quality.<br />The album overall includes some great solos from the rest of the musicians and the overall result is a terrific album.<br />If you don't buy this album then you should probably have your head examined...
B00007GZVS|5.0|I love the movie 'Elizabeth'. It is quite interesting -- dramatic, well-acted, well-scripted, and just the right amount of intrigue and suspense for my taste. The characterisations of Elizabeth, Sussex, Sir William, Walsingham, and Robert Dudley are well done. What a pity that this is largely a work of fiction.<br />I sometimes have a major 'beef' with movies of this sort; not at all the movie's fault, to be sure -- the tendency on the part of the public, who has not read, and will not bother to read afterward, the history of England during the Tudor period, to see which parts are based on fact, and which parts are dramatic license. From the very start of the film, I knew that this would be largely a fictional dramatisation -- upon the death of Henry VIII, in the credits, Mary assumes the throne. What happened to the poor boy King Edward? We skipped an entire reign! To say nothing of Lady Jane Grey. Of course, she had her own movie (also one of great liberty from the actual historical events)...<br />The country was torn between Catholic and Protestant sentiments, as the film suggests, but these were not so neatly resolved (and in fact continue to this day to beset the Church of England, now a small minority of religious in England, with problems); Elizabeth, because she would not proclaim allegiance to the Catholic faith unreservedly, had a difficult time finding a bishop to perform the coronation (she had in the end the bishop of Carlisle).<br />In this film, all of the intrigues that beset Elizabeth are collapsed and promulgated in the character of a few (Spanish, French, and Papist agents) all at the beginning of her reign. In fact, Elizabeth was in the process of securing her throne throughout most of her reign. The love affair with Lord Robert Dudley is most likely true in fact, if not in the form presented here. Walsingham was in fact her trusted ally; the bishops were in fact a problem caste. Sussex, the Lord Chamberlain as the plotter for the throne is an interesting detail -- to this day, the descendants of Sussex continue as Lords Chamberlain, and remain Roman Catholics, and must petition the Pope regularly to continue in their duties (a permission never denied).<br />Perhaps the best facets of this film are in the mood, or style of the film. Going from uncertainty to certainty, growing in confidence and ability, going from being a girl who would be queen to a formidable woman who reigns, this is presented well in the space of a few hours. The settings, dark and medieval, not yet reflecting the glory of renaissance England which was about to be born under Elizabeth's reign; the costumes elaborate and strangely modern and medieval simultaneously (as is the story!); these things combine to make a great movie of power and intrigue.<br />The equation of the Virgin Queen with the Virgin Mary is an interesting one, at the conclusion of the film, as Elizabeth becomes wedded to England. In fact, she had many suitors (many of whom lost their heads over her, literally), and the idea of 'virgin' is a rather different one today than during Elizabeth's time. Of course, the Tudors were always a rather randy bunch, and Elizabeth was in many ways, as she proclaimed in her own words, 'my father's daughter'. In the end, Elizabeth remains the only unmarried monarch of marriage-able age since William Rufus, son of William the Conqueror.<br />The musical score, haunting and suspenseful, meditative and sombre, and finally triumphant, is memorable, but is in fact better experienced apart from the film, where the imagery and dialogue often overpowers the music.<br />Acting is masterful, astutely played by Cate Blanchett, Geoffrey Rush (who was nominated for the Academy Award for another Elizabethean period movie, Shakespeare in Love), Joseph Fiennes (who played Shakespeare in Shakespeare in Love), and Richard Attenborough. John Gielgud has a brief cameo appearance as the pope, but alas is fairly inconsequential in this film.<br />In the end, 'Elizabeth' is a victorious movie.end, 'Elizabeth' is a victorious movie.
0195073401|1.0|There appears to be a significant difference in opinions regarding the approach used by MWG. I believe that at the end of the day one has no choice but to conclude that the mathematical dependence by MWG is not conducive to critical thinking. Such a conclusion reveals the tragedy of modern day economics: mathematical elegance is preferred to practicality and intuition.<br />The main question that a reader of this book should ask is: Does MWG present a framework of analysis that enhances an individual's ability to develop economic policy that can effectively address the economic problems we face in the real world?<br />I believe that the answer is unambiguously NO. Instead, this book represents all that is wrong with modern day economics. That is to say that the real world plays a minimal role in MWG. In fact, most economists seem increasingly less and less concerned with solving real world problems. A look through most mainstream journals reveal that many economists enjoy inventing mathematical problems and presenting a clever mathematical solution to them. Whether what they have produced contributes to our knowledge about how the world works is rarely, if ever, a consideration.<br />Economists need to decide whether they want to be theorists or contribute to policy. These two roles require significantly different skill sets. Unfortunately, to pursue graduate studies in economics, students are required only to learn the mathematical tools for theory; there is no requirement or real inclination in graduate schools to instill students with a firm understanding of the political economy that goes on in policy work. This explains why macroeconomics and econometrics has proved to be increasingly unhelpful, and many cases causes damage, when used in practice.
B000092ZYX|5.0|When I first wrote this review, I gave it three stars and said that it was dissapointing.  I was being very unfair to it; all I needed was more time to listen to it.  Now it has become my favorite Radiohead album, beating out my previous OK Computer by a narrow margin.<br />Each track is a unique experience, and all of them sound like Radiohead should.  This album has an energy to it that it's been missing since The Bends, and I can attest to the fact that it's even better live.  All in all, this album is worth buying for any Radiohead fan, and I suggest listening to it occasionally over a long period of time if you don't like it at first.  It took me a month for this album to really \\"click\\" with me, and when it did, it really blew me away.
B00008PX8P|5.0|There are few words I can use to describe this DVD, and one of them is WOW.  Another is AWESOME.  It is jaw-dropping and toe-tapping.  I felt like I was THERE.  Zeppelin is a completely different story when they are live- the improv is just mind-shattering and Jimmy Page is the undeniable GOD of Guitardom.  The studio albums are clean and straightforward.  Live, they go anywhere and everywhere and it draws you in- a completely different experience I think is essential to any self-proclaiming Zeppelin fan.  The music isn't for just everybody, true, but it does have a way of getting into your head and sticking there and drawing you into it.  This DVD was magic.  Thank you, Jimmy Page!!!!
0783225857|5.0|Never was a movie so worthy of its source material. Has this scenario ever happened to you? You read a wonderful book. It moves you. The characters inspire you. The story changes you. Then they make the inevitable movie, and it's no longer art--It's a piece of mass merchandising. Well, this movie is art. It is catharsis. It is sublime. The times it portrays are past, but its themes are timeless. My guts always twist whenever I remember the courtroom scene in which the wrongfully accused takes the stand. Buy it. And if you're ever in Spokane Washington and you like quirky [stuff], stop by Boo Radley's emporium.
0553382179|3.0|Firstly, I bought the book because a friend of mine warned me about all the e-mails.  I thought the book would help me come up with a (much needed!) alternative cleaning routine. My house was clean and uncluttered to begin with, and I'm an organized person. However, I thought there HAD to be a better way to clean than to spend morning till night on Saturdays cleaning the house from top to bottom. This book gave me that much needed alternative, and I'm in my third week of applying the author's approach.<BR> I do, however, feel this book and the entire program is geared much more toward stay-at-home moms, though the author insists otherwise. I try to stay consistent with the author's approach and do all the tasks I'm supposed to do each day. Granted, devoting only 15 or 30 minutes daily in that week's required &quot;zone&quot; (in additon to the one hour of 'general' cleaning once a week) isn't bad at all; that's really not a lot of time.  If that's ALL you have to do! But for women who work outside of the home, it's hard to make just ONE day an errand day.  If you get off at 4:00 or 5:00 in the afternoon, just when are you supposed to run to the bank? What if the only bank close to your job is a 20 minute drive, and you only get 30 minutes for lunch? (Saturdays and Sundays are supposed to be reserved for family and friends.  The BANK is about to be MY friend, OKAY?) Are you telling me you are supposed to run to the drycleaners, pick up a week's worth of groceries, buy the extra pair of shoes your child needs, pick up flea meds at the vet --- ALL after 5:00 p.m.? And still be expected to cook dinner, fold the load of clothes you threw in the washer this morning ('cause they sho 'nuff don't fold THEMSELVES!), clean your weekly 'zone', clean the kitchen, scrub the sink and do your 'nightly routine' (and you KNOW it's a full one!)? What about the time it takes to help your kids with their homework and give them baths? (forGET about taking yourself a warm bubble bath to reward yourself...you'll fall asleep in the tub from sheer exhaustion!) Women who work outside the home just don't have this kind of time! What if we have a 30 minute or more commute, and still have to do the drop off and pick up of kids from daycare?? Heaven forbid, what if you're a single mom??!! What day are you expected to cut the grass?! It seems to me that if you are a single mother who works full time, this book just won't entirely work for you.  It's a good book that you'll be able to glean helpful suggestions from, but I just can't see the entire program working for you.  It definitely seems geared toward stay-at-home moms at the least, and women who have husbands at the worst! Not every home is set up that way, and single moms who have young children and work full time need a book written especially for them. I'm not a mother, and I'm not single, yet I can see the slant in this book.  With that in mind, I did find it helpful, albeit 'sappy' at some points.  I really think many women can benefit from it.  Just not all women.
0060920432|5.0|If anyone is seeking a \\"recipe\\" for \\"optimal experience\\" do not read this book. This book is not a step-by-step self-help guide. Neither is it a pedantic overview of psychological studies replete with statistical analyses, i.e., hard data, proving \\"flow\\" exists. The simplest way to summarize this book is, it describes how different people create meaning in life with full intention and focus and thereby achieve an ongoing state of satisfaction and sense of fulfillment.<br /><br />The book begins with an overview of how people define and achieve happiness. Essentially, the author contends, most people are not happy because the universe was not created to make us happy but on the contrary, it serves to frustrate us and help us grow ... The primary focus of this book is to show us that \\"flow\\" states happen to people despite the challenges of the universe, it happens to people from all walks of life, from all cultures, throughout the world.<br /><br />Flow is a state of consciousness which can be achieved on an individual path. It also has common elements which anyone who is experiencing the state can identify. The author examines the common experiences which people who are in a state of \\"flow\\" describe. It seems people who are in \\"flow\\" achieve a state of consciousness that is in harmony with their surroundings and feelings. They do not make distinctions between work and play ... people in \\"flow\\" create an inner state of being that brings them peace and fulfillment that is separate from their external environment. They are focused, what they do is meaningful and has purpose, they are absorbed in their activities and they have a sense of connection to their inner self and and also with others. The state called \\"flow\\" pertains to enjoyment and satisfaction with one's quality of life. The basis for the flow experience seems to be creating meaning and controlling consciousness where a state of unity exists which is consistent with a person's life themes. Some people experience it for minutes, some for hours, some for days on end ... evidently it can be sustained for long periods of time by some people. This book is highly recommended for anyone interested in the \\"psychology of being alive here and now.\\"<br />Erika Borsos (erikab93)nce it for minutes, some for hours, some for days on end ... evidently it can be sustained for long periods of time by some people. This book is highly recommended for anyone interested in the \\"psychology of being alive here and now.\\"<br />Erika Borsos (erikab93)
B00005JLEU|5.0|When i rented this i wasn't sure if i would like it or not. I was bored and saw a preview and thought hey well maybe it will be ok. what i saw was more than ok it was brilliant. it starts out with a family that is moving to a new house. the husband finds a short cut(he thinks)and he comes to a bridge but its not possible to go through. He goes through thinking its a lost fairground. Then he smells food and they start pigging out on it. they turn into pigs that the people use for food. she tries running and she runs into a  boy named haku. he helps her and says he'll help her get to her parents. HE tells her to do one thing remember her old name(yubaba will give her a new one)for he forgot his and the only way he can be set free is to remember.he was a slave and somhow controlled by yubaba. the girl Chihiro doesnt know he does dirty work for the master of the bath place. When he gets hurt stealing sumthing from the master of the bath place (yubaba) twin sister zeniba he has a curse put on him only love can brake. Chihiro brakes it and takes the stolen item back to zeniba. when he wakes up he relizes what chihiro did for him and talks to yubaba convincing her to let chihiro and her family go. If you want to know if haku ever remembers his name or if chihro ever gets her and her family watch this movie. You wont regret it. its hard for me to say it but i actually cried because i got so into it. I HIGHLY recomend you buy or rent this movie if you rent it you will want to buy it though. i rate this 100000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 but 5 is as far as i couls go :) bye the way im danielle cathy's daughter
B00005176F|5.0|i was lookin for their self-titled cd at best buy, since i liked &quot;song 2&quot; and all. instead all i found was the 'best of' cd. i found it rather odd since from what i know, blur's pretty recent. got it anyway and i must say its damn good. &quot;girls and boys&quot; especially. damn that song is catchy.
0679720200|5.0|This book opend my eyes to other peoples ways of showing emotions and their troubles in life. The main character is a Arab named Monisuer Mersault. He does not show his emtions with his face or actions he keeps them inside. At the begging his maman dies. Later as the book evolves he finds a girlfriend and on a weekend trip with her he murders another Arab. He had been getting in with the wrong group of people. When he murderd the person he was feeling threatend by a group of Arabs with knifes. Mersault felt like it was the only thing he could do to save his life. While on jail trial they used the fact that he does not feel emtions and did not mourn at his mothers funeral against him. He was proven guilty and to find out his punishment you have to read the book!
B00003CXTG|4.0|Excellent movie. It features everything that makes up a good one, in fact. The planes were fast, the bullets were plentiful, and the explosions were loud.<br />&quot;Pearl Harbor&quot; tells the emotional story of December 7th, 1941, and the events that led up to and followed it, mainly from the point-of-view of Rafe and Danny, two friends that were stationed at Pearl. The attack scene was incredible, the effects were awesome. It felt like I was there. They showed everything, from the Zeros flying in, making their approach, to the deathly quiet burning debris after the attack. The whole attack scene must have been about 1 hour.<br />While the movie was excellent, there was an excessive, over-the-top love saga, if you will, that I believe the movie could have really done without. It took the focus off the main subject of the movie, which was Pearl Harbor if any of you couldn't figure that out. I suppose this love story was an attempt by Hollywood to turn a bloody war movie partially into a chick-flick so everyone could enjoy it.
B000092ZYX|5.0|This CD is not Pink.  Its not Christina Aguilara.  Its not Justin Timberlake. Its not J-Lo. Its not Creed. Its not Staind.  Its not Linkin Park.  It is something that very few groups can achieve musically these days - beauty. <br />What I don't get is this and would love and explaination - Radiohead continue to create intelligent, well crafted, uninhibited, mesmerizing music - SO HOW ARE THEY SO SUCCESSFUL????? - in an era where all of these traits are ignored or even looked down upon because its not sexy or dreamed up by some old corporate money mongers, these guys continue to be popular - how???????<BR>God Bless em for it, but I just can't get it.  Do you listen to radio today?  Its garbage, yet these guys who actually have some skills somehow get airplay?  <BR>Its good to see some people understand what is music and what is rubbish.
B00008PX8P|5.0|7 Stars.<br />Too bad we had to wait so long, but it was worth the wait.  Stop what you're doing and go buy this immediately.  It is excellent.<br />What I like most about this DVD is that it captures the essence of Led Zeppelin's live shows AND their evolution as a live act.  The video varies from mediocre to very good (excellent for the era), as does the sound quality.  But the music comes through loud and clear because the whole is far greater than the sum of the parts.
0316666343|2.0|This book was good. I had heard a lot of hype for it so I decided to head to the library and check it out. When I read it, I was horrified by the chapter about the murder and rape of this innocent young girl whose curiosity got her killed. The rest of the book was ok, but needed more substance. It should have gone more into her experience of heaven and left out the other characters. This book freaked me out and shouldn't have been hyped as much as it was. I do recommend it for adult readers, being that the main ideas were good, but not for younger children whose minds may not be able to handle the complex world of murder and rape.
B00004R99F|5.0|A Goofy movie was just great.  It was so good, that they even made a sequel to it (An Extremely Goofy Movie).  Sadly, it wasn't half as good as the original.  The Gold Collection DVD wasn't all-bad.  It had an episode of Goof Troop, \\"Calling All Goofs\\", which was pretty good.  I loved the cartoon TV show.  (STOP reading if don't want to know the story!!!)<br />It begins when Max is having a dream about his \\"crush,\\" Roxanne.  His dream turns out to be a nightmare because he turns into his father, Goofy.  After he wakes up, he rushes to school for \\"The Big Day.\\"  This was the last and only day he had the chance to finally impress her.  It turns out that she actually does like him and their first date is set for the end of the school party.  Max is at the top of the world until he gets home.  <br />Worried that his son would \\"end up in the electric chair,\\" Goofy takes Max on an unexpected fishing trip to LAKE DESTINY, IDAHO.  Before they left, Max had to tell Roxanne why he couldn't make it to the party.  Not thinking, he tells her that he was going to see a concert.  On this fishing trip, he and Goofy amazingly learn a lot about each other.  To make Max happy, his dad does take him to the POWERLINE concert in LA.  When they get back home...I won't spoil the ending:) <br />This was entertaining and was one of the best Disney movies ever since The Lion King or Aladdin.  This movie's music and all of the songs were just magnificent, except maybe one.  I don't know why the studio didn't want to release this movie on a 2-disc Platinum Special Edition.  If Disney can put in time for silly films such as The Little Mermaid and Bambi (to be released in the future), then they can surely make a collectors edition of this movie too.  This is worth buying, and is definitely worth renting.  Siskel and Ebert gave it two thumbs up and so do I.
0689859368|5.0|My five year old listened to this entire book in one sitting and was totally enthralled!  He couldn't wait to begin Book Two and now that we have completed it he has convinced us to re-read The Field Guide to him. (All in less than six hours!) He loves the mystery and the very realistic personalities of the children. This is a fantastic find for him as he is counting down the days to the release of the next Harry Potter book.  The Field Guide has wonderful imagery and like Harry Potter, a sense of innocent fantasy that young children love. Unlike the Harry Potter books, these are small enough for a \\"quick\\" read. Thank you, Thank you, Thank you to Tony Diterlizzi and Holly Black for these superb stories!!!
B00004R99F|5.0|A Goofy movie was just great.  It was so good, that they even made a sequel to it (An Extremely Goofy Movie).  Sadly, it wasn't half as good as the original.  The Gold Collection DVD wasn't all-bad.  It had an episode of Goof Troop, \\"Calling All Goofs\\", which was pretty good.  I loved the cartoon TV show.  (STOP reading if don't want to know the story!!!)<br />It begins when Max is having a dream about his \\"crush,\\" Roxanne.  His dream turns out to be a nightmare because he turns into his father, Goofy.  After he wakes up, he rushes to school for \\"The Big Day.\\"  This was the last and only day he had the chance to finally impress her.  It turns out that she actually does like him and their first date is set for the end of the school party.  Max is at the top of the world until he gets home.<br />Worried that his son would \\"end up in the electric chair,\\" Goofy takes Max on an unexpected fishing trip to LAKE DESTINY, IDAHO.  Before they left, Max had to tell Roxanne why he couldn't make it to the party.  Not thinking, he tells her that he was going to see a concert.  On this fishing trip, he and Goofy amazingly learn a lot about each other.  To make Max happy, his dad does take him to the POWERLINE concert in LA.  When they get back home...I won't spoil the ending:)<br />This was entertaining and was one of the best Disney movies ever since The Lion King or Aladdin.  This movie's music and all of the songs were just magnificent, except maybe one.  I don't know why the studio didn't want to release this movie on a 2-disc Platinum Special Edition.  If Disney can put in time for silly films such as The Little Mermaid and Bambi (to be released in the future), then they can surely make a collectors edition of this movie too.  This is worth buying, and is definitely worth renting.  Siskel and Ebert gave it two thumbs up and so do I.
B00005JMC6|5.0|This received a good rating in our newspaper but I didn't read the review so I wasn't sure what to expect. It's a rather slow, quiet movie but very compelling. The performances are amazing, especially the actress who plays the little girl. Her behavior was so genuine it was hard to believe it was acting. I enjoyed it immensely and recommend it highly.
B00005OAIE|5.0|I purchased this CD in November 2002.  If I tell you I've listened to this at least once a day since then, I would not be lying.  I can't seem to get enough.  The best thing about listening to this CD is truly hearing the lyrics.  John Mayer can paint a picture with words.  I not only see what he's singing, I feel it.  We all question ourselves (Why Georgia), we've all openend our mouths when we shouldn't have (My Stupid Mouth), and when John sings about looking at the world with your eyes wide open and not trying to fit it into a neat little package (3x5), I know exactly what he means.  I'm almost 30, by no means a teenager in love with rock star.  This really is the &quot;real thing&quot;!
B000092ZYX|3.0|I'm beginning to lose my faith in this band.  This is even a step down from the less-than-stellar \\"Amnesiac\\".  It starts off well enough with three incredible tracks that remind the listener of what once made this band great.  They actually sound like a rock band on \\"2+2=5\\" and \\"Sail to the Moon\\" is beautiful, with Thom Yorke's voice as fine as ever.  After that, every track is just boring and pointless.  The band just doesn't know how to write songs anymore.  There are even two ridiculous attempts at pop songs (\\"Go To Sleep\\", \\"There There\\"), but the band has lost their ear for melody.  That's not to say there aren't any other notable moments on the album, but they are few and far in between.  I avoid calling the album a disappointment only because at least the band is trying something new, even returning to their \\"OK Computer\\"-era sound on a few songs.
0767903862|5.0|Bryson delivers the world's biggest, best kept secret in IN A SUNBURNED COUNTRY.  Australia is a truly miraculous place.  This is a country where a prime minister impetuously dives into the water while strolling on the beach with colleagues, never to be seen again, where the world's most lethal and otherwise poisonous species are concentrated in mind boggling numbers above and beyond the rest of the planet, where the ecosystem is the most diverse of any, where the ores and minerals have yet to be tapped for anything near their full potential, where the features of the landscape vary dramatically, with no look-alikes anywhere else. The world's largest living organism is there-the Great Barrier Reef; also, the world's oldest living organisms, stromatolites. It is the last continent to be colonized by Europeans, and then it was used as a penal colony at first, and as a nation it is barely a century old.  It was been the scene of wretched racism and maltreatment of natives; more recently, it has chosen to throw the doors open to all nationalities.  And does any of this make it to American news media? Noooo. There's lots to learn from this country and Bryson is an informative guide. In the manner honed in his earlier travel books, he imparts an amazing amount of information thoughtfully, in graceful, witty prose that evokes all the eccentricities and ironies of this mysterious, ancient place.  Bryson is happy to tell the jokes, but in the end, he is much happier imparting the wonder.
B000002WEW|3.0|Elvis is by far the greatest artist of all time and I am a huge fan owning most of his material but this album is not as good as people make it out to be.In many of the songs he sounds bored and lethargic and much of his passion is lost.The problem with the 70's is you have to sift through live and studio cuts to find gems.Elvis's true artistry was displayed in the 50's and when he came out of the army.Then he started to waver with sub standard material from the films.He redeemed himself with the 1968 comeback special where he sang some of his classic Sun and RCA songs better than he did originally,his voice more gravely and bluesy.From then on his recordings ranged from sheer brilliance to ghastly pap.Research before you buy because RCA will release anything that moves or doesn't move in order to see dollar signs.The colonel would be a Proud Mary.
B00003CXBK|5.0|First, some concessions.  I do not speak Japanese, so I can say nothing about the Japanese language version or the quality of the translation.  Also, I am not an rabid anime fan, and in fact this was the first japanese-animated feature film I ever saw (I have seen more since).  Finally, this movie takes maturity to watch and appreciate - there is some graphic animated violence and mature themes throughout.  Now, on to the review.<br />This animated film by Hayao Miyazaki is absolutely amazing. It embodies all the things you should look for in animation, and it stands as one of the greatest films - and, along with Ran (directed by Kurosawa), my favorite film from Japan.  First, let me say that the story was terrific, using developed characters and tackling real-world problems of environmentalism and technology tastefully and without an abundance of feel-good Sierra-club nonsense a la Captain Planet and Ferngully.  It explores humanity's relationship with nature, the struggle for human survival, and the difficulties of human advancement.  While there is a large degree of sentimentalism (Randians beware) the story should appeal to a wide range of audiences.<br />The most amazing thing about the movie is the art and art direction, all masterfully done.  The entire movie is a feast for the eyes, both characters and backgrounds are drawn with fascinating detail and rich, crisp color.  The artistic and directorial talent deserves the utmost respect.  You'll have to see the movie to believe how good it is.<br />The sound is well done, but for those of you wanting to utilize your overly expensive surround sound systems, you'll find yourself missing out (sorry).  The sounds are crisp, though, and complement the visual experience beautifully.  The music is a chapter all to itself, both complementing the other senses and leading your emotions throughout the whole film.<br />The voice talent is mixed.  Americans will certainly recognize Jada Pinkett Smith (horrible), Minnie Driver (excellent), Billy Bob Thorton (so-so), and Claire Daines (excellent).  A fellow reviewer claims that the poor voice actors hurt the movie beyond repair, but this is nonsense.  The dubbing is excellent (read: does not look stupid and mismatched).  Regarding translation, see the concessions.<br />This movie showcases japanese animation and animation in general.  The crispness of sound, enchantment of music, and vividness of color make this film a thrill ride for the senses.  The movie avoids the problem of having many things happening at once, and clearly shows what is happening even during the fast-paced battle scenes -- a sure sign of directorial experience.  Praise for Hayao Miyazaki is practically neverending.<br />If you enjoy Japanese animation, you probably already own this film.  If you absolutely hate it, watch this movie anyway - I think it will change your mind.  This movie is essential for any DVD library.  Buy it.er (excellent), Billy Bob Thorton (so-so), and Claire Daines (excellent).  A fellow reviewer claims that the poor voice actors hurt the movie beyond repair, but this is nonsense.  The dubbing is excellent (read: does not look stupid and mismatched).  Regarding translation, see the concessions.<br />This movie showcases japanese animation and animation in general.  The crispness of sound, enchantment of music, and vividness of color make this film a thrill ride for the senses.  The movie avoids the problem of having many things happening at once, and clearly shows what is happening even during the fast-paced battle scenes -- a sure sign of directorial experience.  Praise for Hayao Miyazaki is practically neverending.<br />If you enjoy Japanese animation, you probably already own this film.  If you absolutely hate it, watch this movie anyway - I think it will change your mind.  This movie is essential for any DVD library.  Buy it.
B000094A6A|2.0|For those of you looking to purchase this DVD, one bit of advice - remember it's UNRATED.  As soon as you put the DVD in, the menu pops up showing two women with no shirt on.  This was highly offensive and undesired (especially with my spouse next to me).  There's also a lot of curse words.  The movie is still pretty funny, hence the 2 stars.
B00006CXXU|4.0|This is an album about female empowerment, overcoming emotional issues, and basically just getting by--but men can listen to it and not get bored. I think that this album could serve as the diary for many people, and the songs have a fun, hip-hop beat to them and although a few of the songs top<BR> 5 minutes, I often listen to them all.<br />Stripped Intro-5/5<BR>Can't Hold us Down-5/5<BR>Walk Away-3/5<BR>Fighter-5/5<BR>Primer Amer-4/5<BR>Infatuation-4/5<BR>Lovers Embrace-3/5<BR>Loving Me 4 Me-3/5<BR>Impossible-3/5<BR>Underappreciated-4/5<BR>Beautiful-5/5<BR>Make Over-5/5<BR>Cruz-5/5<BR>Soar-4/5<BR>Get Mine Get Yours-1/5<BR>Dirrty-2/5<BR>Stripped Pt. 2-5/5<BR>The Voice Within-3/5<BR>I'm OK-5/5-HAUNTING!<BR>Keep on Singin' my Song-5/5<BR>AVERAGE RATING-4/5
B000002LGA|1.0|The inside cover says that this album should be listened to from start to finish \\"in one 58 minute (14 songs!) sitting as though it were a book or a movie.\\"  This is a handy excuse for none of these songs being singled out as popular hits, but the truth is they're not related, there is no flow of theme, as with Pink Floyd's \\"Dark Side of the Moon.\\"  It is doubtful that you'll hear any of these songs on either a pop or indy radio station, not because they're too gritty or too profound, but because they're simply not very good.<BR>One gets the impression that Reed taped the directionless ravings of a NY homeless person and made a few weak attempts at making them rhyme.  It sounds like he found a few good studio men backing him with some decent guitar work (and writing probably,) but they're not good enough to bail him out.<BR>Reed throws his cynicism at everyone from Jesse Jackson to gays to the Pope, but seldom approaches the wit or political insight of a pre-teen redneck with ADS.<BR>Save your [money]and your 58 minutes.  This album is garbage.
0385486804|2.0|This book began in an interesting way, but fizzled out at mid point.  It was difficult to follow because it is not completely linear in its time line and often a location is mentioned without naming the State it's connected to.  I was interested in learning what happened with McCandless or a possible reason for his lack of rational.  Unfortunately, the story begins to discuss other people who have done similarly foolhardy things and this is where the book became a chore to read.  I would not recommend this book unless it is a strong topic of interest to you.
B000000W5L|5.0|It all just came together on this album. The Stones needed to get back to there R&amp;B roots, and that's what Exile is all about. The back end of the album - Soul Survivor, Shine a Light, Let it Loose, etc - reflect this. The filthy blues riffs on the guitar, the soulful backing vocals...it just reaks of the bayou. Hard to believe the Stones recorded this in a baseroom in France.
B000002H4Q|4.0|While Disintegration is probably my all-time favorite album by The Cure, this one ranks a close second. It's got a lot of tracks taking the listener from catchy dance-tunes like HOT HOT HOT, to great narratives on social issues like HOW BEAUTIFUL YOU ARE. I was a fan of the Cure when I first heard Disintegration (an album done after this one). So when I got this Album, I realized just how versitile they are and how great a songwriter Rober Smith is. This album has a lot more pop-singles than a lot of their other later CDs, so it's good one to get if you are just getting into the band.
B00004XQ83|5.0|We love this CD plus all the old gospel songs.. What a fun CD.
B000092ZYX|5.0|This album is absolutely wonderful...I think this album mixes 'The Bends, OK Computer, and Kid A/Amnesiac' equally well in one sweet sounding medley. For those of you who don't know:Kid A, and Amnesiac were supposed to be one CD. The songs were written at the same time, but released on seperate CD's. I am thinking they did the same thing with this one because there are rumors floating around about another release in 9-12 months. But back on subject...If you are a TRUE radiohead fan from the begining you will love this album. As with all radiohead, the more listens to the CD, the more it opens up to you. The first time I listened I was a bit surprised, but after listening to it like a madman for a week now, it is definately the best since OK Computer in my eyes. I like just about all of the songs, but they are all VERY diverse and different in rythm and speed. I like the diversity in sound because all of the songs sound different, unlike the majority of mainstream ... that people listen to. This is a CD a true music fan will definately need in His/Her collection.
B00008PX8P|5.0|Other bands seem to be coasting and going through the motions compared to the power Zep exudes in this priceless epoch. The wild art form of Zeppelin can blow you away even today after so many years - crank it up and sit back (if you can) and enjoy.<br />I love live DVDs (Who Isle of Wight, Bowie Ziggy Stardust, The Band Last Waltz, Dylon, Stones, Beatles, Hendrix, Metallica, CSN, ELP, Pink Floyd, Eagles, etc. etc.) and each generally capture some of the magic that made the respective musicians and bands great. This new Zeppelin release does this with a vengeance - in experiencing this DVD there is no mistaking why Zep is a Legend.<br />Review Supplemented 6/25/03 - this DVD was the \\"killer app\\" that drove me to buy a home theatre audio surround sound system. I may sleep again one day...
B000002J1S|5.0|I happened to catch the last Genesis tour with Peter Gabriel.  Boy was I surprised when they started the show with the entire Lamb Lies Down On Broadway.  Peter Gabriel, of course went all out with costuming and stage antics.  I'll never forget his emerging from the inflated penis and spreading glitter around the stage.<br />I recall at some time that there was a live version of LLDOB floating around back in the seventies, but I haven't been able to find it.
B00008LDPU|3.0|The rest are kinda junky though. Cartoons and par Anime. Though they do fill in several holes of the story:<br /> The first AI servant to react violently (by killing his masters) is put on trial for all the world to see and convicted, setting off the Andro-cide apocalypse. Where all artificial workers are laid waste and bulldozed into mass graves. Some AI's escape and form a new country. Attempts are made to join the U.N., and the humans try to nuke'em, then blanket the sky so they can't get solar energy.<br />So, a few holes are filled in, and again the first one is true eye candy. A ship and crew go to the surface and see the machines digging with an army of sentinels, lying in wait. Our main character is trying to get a message to Zion before the ship gets squished. A really cool short story, probably alone worth it.<br />One story in particular was really violent probably not for kids under 8. People screaming bloody murder as their bodies are ripped apart by the ruthless machines.
B00008OWZC|3.0|I was thrilled by the BBC Sessions CD a few years back, partly because I didn't expect that much. With How the West Was Won, maybe the hype was too much--I'm mildly disappointed, though still glad I bought it. In the several years between the performances on these two CDs, Led Zep I think had started to lose its rawness and edge. Plant is in fine voice here, but makes a lot of annoying little spoken asides during the songs, whereas he just let the lyrics and music speak for themselves on &quot;BBC.&quot; Paige definitely has tuning problems off and on here, as others have noted. Bonham= amazing as usual. A good addition to a collection, but doesn't begin to replace &quot;BBC&quot; or a couple of the better studio collections.
B000009QO6|5.0|Up there with \\"Never Mind the Bullocks Here's the Sex Pistols\\" , Black Sabbath \\"Paranoid\\" , L7 \\"Hungry for Stink\\", and White Zombie \\"La Sexorcisto.\\" This album works as a whole; nothing is out of place--no filler--just 40 minutes of tough-as-nails, skull thumpin, brute happiness.
B000092ZYX|5.0|I'm not usually one to be moved by prog rock, but by track 3 of this album, I was sobbing uncontrollably...it was so beautiful.  No adjective can suffice to capture how sublime this album is--from the rich harmonic textures and expressive, raw emotional honesty of Thom's voice to the innovative, driving beats--in my mind, no band comes closer to the true meaning of art than Radiohead, and this is a superb example.
B00008NRI8|4.0|Sandara Bullock is superb as the environmentalist lawyer, Lucy, who is fighting to save historic landmarks.  The music that begins the movie, &quot;You've got what it takes&quot; and the environmentalist anthem which contains the phrase, &quot;They paved over paradise and put up a parking lot.&quot; are the best possible choices for this flick.  Hugh Grant has some of the best come-back lines ever written into a movie.  This is a movie that you don't mind watching more than once.
B00008K7AM|5.0|This movie is so funny ! A crimanl man ( Rob Shniter) and a cool , stuck up, populare girl swich places ! And sine Rob Shiniter is in it you know it is good. The reson they swich is becase of theas earings !  Lingling`s mom is to cool.  Billy  <BR>( Mathuw Lorinse) Is sooooo cute!
B000089RVX|5.0|I love it! Amy's voice is wonderful and the music is fresh and different.  I love the dark, gothic melodies.  Each song seems to have a personality of it's own.  My personal faves are: 'Bring Me To Life' (of coarse), 'Haunted', 'My Immortal' and 'Going Under'.  And if you have the chance to listen to their CD 'Origin' It's good as well.  It has a very good instrumental called 'Eternal'.  All in all I hope they stay as good as they are now and continue giving us their best.<BR>********* 2 thumbs up^ ****************************
B000092ZYY|4.0|As a Radiohead fan I have to be honest with my evaluation of this work.  <br />The Bends its not, Amnesiac its not, Ok Computer its not.  A hybrid of all three it is.<br />While i am still indulging in this album, I can tell you from my first few runs through it that it is a very good album which has all of the elements that its fans (of all different albums) want.  It has songs like 2+2=5 which start slow and take off into dynamic guitar work (but which go a bit haywire towards the end).  It has other songs which have fantastic drum and base lines which are almost dub and very cool (Track 6) and new to the feel of this band.  And it has slow reflective airy songs like those found on Ok Computer which take the band back to its late 90's era sound.<br />I love the sound and think that the band has firmly established that they can pull off just about whatever they try but felt myself slightly disappointed that there were less songs which explored their rock guitar sound which I feel is hypnotic and the cornerstone of their popularity.<br />I feel bad even making such a complaint about an excellent album but we're all entitled to our tastes and this album has something for everyone who loves Radiohead.  Thom Yorke's voice still is eerie and reflective and the lyrics are very interesting.  The somber feel this band once had is beginning to edge away, which is noted only as an observation of their growth as opposed to being levied as a criticism.<br />I rank this album third on my favorites of this band behind The Bends and Ok Computer and hope to see them live soon.
B00005JLXE|5.0|The problem with Daredevil was quite simply its base material.  It wasn't that Mark Steven Johnson wasn't loyal to it or just made a bad movie, but it was the relative mediocrity/obscurity of the Daredevil comic book.  For the fans of Daredevil, myself included, this movie was perfect.  It plays exactly like an issue of the comic book.  Exactly.  In fact, Mark Steven Johnson set up many of the movie's scenes to look exactly like panels from the comic.  My contention is that Daredevil's script was somewhat intentionally written with cliches, because it is written much like an issue of Daredevil.  Unfortunately, like the comic book, the movie is now experiencing obscurity.  Did you ever wonder why you'd never heard about the Daredevil sueprhero?  Well, now you know after seeing this movie.  Rest assured, though, if you have an appreciation for comic book superheroes, you'll find the intrigue of Daredevil.  I find the conflict of his blindness and his super powers an interesting angle, but it is not enough to maintain the movie for those who do not care so much about the hero.  The action is great, the effects are pretty good, and the actors are excellent.  Particularly Colin Farrell, who pulls off a perfect, and especially entertaining version of Bullseye.   I can't guarentee you will like this movie, but I will tell you that it is hit or miss, so give it a shot, you might enjoy it.
B0000028VT|5.0|I bought the tape back in 1993 after seeing Mariah's Thanksgiving special on TV. The best songs on this album are Dreamlover, Hero, Without You, I've Been Thinking About You and All I've Ever Wanted. Buy the import though if you can, it has &quot;Everything Fades Away&quot; as a bonus track - you don't wanna miss it! One of Mariah's top ballads. Mariah's voice really shines throughout this CD, especially on Without You.
B00008YLV2|5.0|As close to real as I've seen it. No storyline except the real stroy--a firefight. no holds barred.
B00005JLR2|5.0|This movie is surprisingly faithful to the Robert Louis Stevenson classic; surprising because the movie takes place in outer space on multiple planets.  Because of the combination of anachronistic elements with interplanetary space travel, extremely high technology and space aliens, this movie comes across as fantasy versus science fiction.  The laser rifles look like flintlocks and the spaceship appears to be a sailing ship, complete with a ragtag crew right out of the original story, to name but a couple of examples.<br />Young Jim Hawkins rides a rocket-powered skateboard in feats that would turn the hair of anyone over the age of 30 gray instantly, which means that Jim's exploits are a sure hit for younger audiences.  As in the original, Jim is threatened by a variety of characters and situations and comes through each of them by a combination of luck, daring, and an affinity for Long John Silver as a father-figure.  Jim provides the center point for much of the action in this movie.<br />The story itself is the same as the original.  Jim Hawkins comes into possession of a treasure map, and he and other compatriots set course to find and retrieve the treasure.  Long John Silver has discovered what they plan to do and has gotten his men hired on to man the ship.  During the voyage Silver and his men take over the ship, and Jim Hawkins, the Captain and Doctor Doppler (comic relief, think Goofy as a professor) escape to Treasure Planet.  From this point forward the adventure is the encounters with the pirates, locating the treasure, and escaping back to home.<br />There are several points worthy of note.  The captain (Captain Amelia) is outstandingly animated and a unique combination of gymnast and intellectual, coolly commanding in all situations.  One of the best Disney-created characters ever; this DVD is worth having just to watch Captain Amelia.  Long John Silver is a cyborg.  Better to see Silver than any description I could provide.  The third point is that John Rzenik of the Goo Goo Dolls provided a song for the movie, in addition to James Newton Howard's score.  The fourth point is the incredible CGI backgrounds; these backgrounds bring an incredible depth and quality to the movie.<br />For fans of Disney's action movies, this movie is a must-have.  The story moves along briskly, and follows the original well.  The setting for the story is unique and well done, yielding a new Disney classic.  While the PG rating due to violence means that the movie is unsuitable for the very youngest members of the family, children over the age of five or six should find this movie a rousing adventure.  Five stars for this family movie.John Rzenik of the Goo Goo Dolls provided a song for the movie, in addition to James Newton Howard's score.  The fourth point is the incredible CGI backgrounds; these backgrounds bring an incredible depth and quality to the movie.<br />For fans of Disney's action movies, this movie is a must-have.  The story moves along briskly, and follows the original well.  The setting for the story is unique and well done, yielding a new Disney classic.  While the PG rating due to violence means that the movie is unsuitable for the very youngest members of the family, children over the age of five or six should find this movie a rousing adventure.  Five stars for this family movie.
B000078DOH|5.0|george clinton did a good job producing these boys and they have remained true to the p funk influence ever since since george was the one who blew the peppers up and these jama features other p funk players too and it is vbery funky indeed for all true funk heads who love the peppers and george clinton cop this.
B00008NG5V|5.0|I dont know why, but I expected to be dissapointed by the next Jack Johnson album. I loved brushfire fairlytales, and I guess I just assumed he couldn't recapture that magic. But he did and then some. On first listen I loved this album. It runs together better then brushfire fairytales.. and I'd also say that the general quality of the songs is higher. I'd say hes progressing as a lyricsist and song writer. And he is not a bad guitar player either. Anyone who likes brushfire fairytales, or music, Or relaxing, Or beaches, Or love.. - get this album.
0140067477|5.0|I read Winnie the Pooh not long before this book. Then a friend of mine recommended me to read the Tao of Pooh. So I did and am very glad. <br />It's very very funny with a lot of insights and wisdom. It carried on the same sense of humor of the original author of Winnie the Pooh, A. A. Milne. <br />It might be better if you read Winnie the Pooh before starting with this book so that you have an overall idea and get the sense of the style, the unique characters, and the humor in the original story.  In that way I think the Tao of Pooh will be even more fun and enjoyable.
B00005JKZV|4.0|Okay, the movie was absolutely awesome. As others have previously stated, however, just wait for the release of the deluxe edition. I purchased this version of The FotR and I absolutely love it. I think it would be wise to hold out and buy the big version later. However, I won't be able to wait so I'll just rent it between August and the time the deluxe edition comes out.
B00005JM03|5.0|I thought it was great, very entertaining.<BR>The characters were interesting.  The movie had a good amount of suspense, and kept you interested.   No pause, held my interest.<BR>I will by the DVD when it comes out.
B000089RVX|5.0|It's really great to see the primarily European female-fronted goth rock sound hit the U.S. (see &quot;The Gathering&quot;, &quot;Lacuna Coil&quot;). I love everything about this album. I would disagree with those reviews complaining the style isn't new or that they are ripping off Lacuna Coil. What a completely juvenile response. I've been listening to Lacuna Coil since their first EP. I'm really glad their sound is influencing other bands. Excellent, excellent, excellent.
B00008MNYS|5.0|At first sound, one might think that Robbie has done a total 360 from his risky songs, and bad boy lyrics, but don't let the smooth sounds fool you!  It is amazing how Robbie is able to create such a beautiful melody in the track, \\"Sexed Up\\"; yet, he is still able to throw in the phrase 'screw you'.  Nonetheless, the CD is top of the line...if I had to take one CD onto a deserted island, this would be it.  Please do not be disenchanted because of other Robbie Williams songs you have heard, or by the idea that he is a \\"typical Brit postar\\".  Escapology truely is sinfully listenable, and never tiresome.  It is perfectly blended with a mixture of soft songs, to rock songs, to songs that seems to have a more 'oldies' vibe (take  for instance \\"Something Beautiful\\").  <br />A few of my favorites of the CD are \\"Feel\\", \\"Sexed Up\\", \\"Revolution\\", and \\"Something Beautiful\\".
B00009L7N2|5.0|well, this CD rocks! i mean if your a true avril fan then surely you wouldn't think twice about buying it?<BR>anyways, the cd is gr8, i enjoyed it and the extra features are a bonus! its better than buying the album as it has loads of extras and its cheaper. i would recommend it, its gr8! it includes pics and vids of the tour and stuff and i think its gr8!<br />rock on to all those avril fans out there! she's bril!<br />Cas
B00005OAIE|5.0|I have to admit I don't listen to much of 'today's' music because it is too bland, too teenager-oriented (I'm 36 yrs old), and lacks any sense of artistic ability. However, among all the junk out there, John Mayer shines as a promising and talented singer/songwriter. This whole CD is such a breath of fresh air in popular music. I was first introduced to the song \\"No Such Thing\\" by a progressive radio station in town.  I was really impressed with his lyrics and guitar playing.  \\"Why Georgia Why\\" should have been his biggest hit of all - it's by far the best song here - lyrically and musically.  \\"Your Body is a Wonderland\\" is also decent.  I am looking very forward to hearing his next studio release. If he keeps this up and grows as an artist, he will become one of my all-time favorites.
B00005Q66T|3.0|First thing I have to say is that: Anyone that have read my review on the Immaculate Collection would know that Madonna likes editing her songs on her collection CD, The Immaculate Collection is quite forgivable,  but this one, I'm totally disappointed , here are they! I'll give my comments on every song!<br />1 - DEEPER AND DEEPER (4:55): This Edit Version is okay, this song is originally very long, it should be edited anyway, (but in my opinion, the mid guitar solo part should not be shortened at all...)<br />2 - EROTICA (4:32) : I've never liked this song, so i dont really care if its edited or not, but it should be, as it is also a very long song<br />3 - HUMAN NATURE (4:33): this one, I'm mostly mad about this one...I AM REALLY REALLY ANGRY ABOUT THIS EDITED VERSION, i have to say...everyone knows why....the chorus part...she totally cut out the main line... which ruins the whole song...if you want a shorter version, and not so much explicit lyric, you could have used the VIDEO VERSION, that is 100 times better than this one... at least it remains the whole material of the song<BR>This is although not a big hit, but a very cool song, defintely should not be forgotten in this collection<br />4 - SECRET (4:30) This edited version is ok<br />5 - DON'T CRY FOR ME ARGENTINA (4:51) If you are a real music person, and you appreciate Orchestra music, you would prefer the original which has the string intro part<br />6 - BEDTIME STORY (4:07) i dont particularly like this song, it should be edited anyway<br />7 - THE POWER OF GOODBYE (4:12) Original version, perfect as it is, no comments<br />8 - BEAUTIFUL STRANGER (3:58) Edited shorter, nice, no comments<br />9 - FROZEN (5:08) The violin solo in the mid part SHOULD NOT HAVE BEEN cut, seriouly, it lessens the hauting sound of this song!!!<br />10 - TAKE A BOW (4:30) nice, the video version, the chorus should not be repeated so many times as the original<br />11 - RAY OF LIGHT (4:36) This is not a proper edit at all, shecut out the ending part of it, hate it ,hate it,  hate it....shw could have used the VIDEO VERSION, if she wants a shorter version!!! don't you think???<br />12 - DON'T TELL ME (4:40) Original version, no comments<br />13 - WHAT IT FEELS LIKE FOR A GIRL (4:43) Original version, no comments, I dont understand why this song is overrated, I dont find any interesting at all!!!<br />14 - DROWNED WORLD 5:10 : Original version, the VIDEO VERSION is slightly shorter, it would do!!!<br />15 - MUSIC (3:45) no comments, perfect!!<br />Second thing is the choice of tracks in this CD<BR>In my opinion, EROTICA, BEDTIME STORY are not those \\"easy-listening\\" songs at all, they weren't big hits either, so why are they here? <BR>RAIN, AMERICAN PIE,YOU MUST LOVE ME or even I'll REMEMBER could have been here instead<br />You would not suggest you buy this CD, if you want her 90s music, buy SOMETHING TO REMEMBER, RAY OF LIGHT, MUSIC instead, or if you dont mind, just get the mp3 of all the singles from EROTICA and BEDTIME STORY, or get the CDs if you want to,<BR>If you're not a die hard Madonna fan, dont waste money on this one, you just gonna get worse perspective about her music !!!
B000069AUI|5.0|If I could describe this CD in one word it would be: PHENOMINAL.  Led by the smooth vocals of Chris Martin, &quot;A Rush of Blood to the Head&quot; has become my favorite, and an instant hit.  There is not a skip-worthy track on the CD, nor a song that you won't find yourself enthralled in.  A few songs that really stick out (if that is possible on such an outstanding CD) are: The Scientist, In My Place, Green Eyes, and Warning Sign. <br />Although I loved Coldplay's first album, &quot;Parachutes&quot;, it cannot match this one.  I HIGHLY recommend this CD if you are into a smooth alternative rock sound.  Also, if you are a big fan of large amounts of instruments within a song (i.e. pianos and guitars) this CD is perfect!
B00001U03Q|4.0|This collection of Eric Clapton's later work proves that he is like many popular artists in one sense:  his early rock roots give way to a more pop-based sound as he gets older.  Think of artists like Billy Joel, Elton John, and Phil Collins; they have also followed this path with varying degrees of quality.  In EC's case, while to me there is no doubt that his best stuff is his old stuff, there is still certainly a lot of high-quality music with his more recent stuff.<br />I'll mention the two biggest negatives with this collection first.  One, I can't believe that &quot;No Alibis&quot; off of his awesome &quot;Journeyman&quot; album is not included.  That was a big rock radio hit in the late '80s that is a fantastic, heartfelt song.  Two, the last track, the new (at the time of release of this collection) &quot;(I) Get Lost&quot; is absolutely awful--a dance track that has no place among the best of EC.<br />Other than that, this collection is a great summary of EC's later stuff.  Including the movie soundtrack songs that were not on EC albums, &quot;Tears In Heaven&quot; and &quot;Change The World&quot;, is a plus.  Those were two singles that I bought that I was able to dispose of upon purchase of this collection.  For sure, they are great pop hits.  &quot;Pretending&quot;, &quot;Bad Love&quot;, and &quot;It's In The Way That You Use It&quot; are catchy rockers.  &quot;Blue Eyes Blue&quot; is a pretty sounding new ballad track.<br />All in all, this is a fine collection that, in conjunction with the old EC best of collection, &quot;Timepieces&quot;, covers the legendary man's career well.  If you enjoyed EC's later hits, this collection is definitely for you.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|This is a great collection for Beatles' fans and people who are just discovering the Beatles.  While there are a lot of good songs here, some of my all-time favorite Beatles songs are not here.  Just because songs of theirs reached #1, it doesn't automatically mean you are listening to their best recordings.  But, then again, this is a collection of #1 hits only!!!  I bought this recording and listen to it frequently, but I listen to the Red Box and Blue Box hits of the Beatles a lot more.  All in all, it is a 5-star collection - great for people just discovering the Beatles as well as a gem in a die-hard fans collection.
B00000JCB2|4.0|This CD rocks. Some people say Limp is sold out but thats not true just because they get radio play. If you like medium rock and a little rap this is the CD for you. Number 3, 4, 5, 7, 10, 11, and 12 are awesome songs and the rest are pretty good. If you get this album you won't be dissapointed.
B000069AUI|4.0|I like this album very much.  The only thing that makes me give it a 4 is many of the songs soung exactly the same.  The best thing i can think of on this album is the track called &quot;Clocks.&quot;  It is one of the best songs i have heard in a while.  Worth your money, but probably easier to just download &quot;Clocks.&quot;
B000002KO3|5.0|Remain In Light is an absolute masterpiece. What makes it so remarkable is that it shouldn't be. What punk band can blend jerky funk grooves, art-rock guitars and brainy lyrics and not seem pretentious and lame? I have an idea who. And so should you.
B00005QZWI|4.0|There are only 2 Enya songs on this soundtrack, but that was the reason I bought it.  I did find many of the other instrumentals here entertaining (as much as orchestrated instrumentals can be entertaining), such as &quot;The Treason of Isengard&quot;, &quot;The Bridge of Khazad Dum&quot;, and &quot;Lothlorien&quot;; but to me, the real gems here are the two Enya songs &quot;The Council of Elrond&quot; and &quot;May it Be&quot;, which are breath-takingly beautiful both in instrumentation and vocals.  I listen to these songs often when I'm looking for relaxation and peace, and at times when I'm sad because these songs contain so much hope in the midst of despair, which is a world-wide cherished theme of the &quot;Lord of the Rings&quot; books and movies.  I have liked an Enya song here and there, but nothing she has done compares to the beauty of these songs.
0679409920|3.0|I read The Human Factor at school as a so-called &quot;home reader&quot;. I mainly chose the book because I liked stories about Secret Services and the outline sounded rather interesting. To my big disappointment the book was absolutely boring. The story might be good but there are too many little details in it, which distract the reader from the main story. By-and-by I lost the thread and at the end it nearly became a torture to finish reading the book. If it hadn't had so many complicated trifles in it, it would indeed have been a well written story. Some 150 pages would do!
B00006CXXU|1.0|it's like i took a poop and out came this album.
B000069AUI|4.0|Coldplay are mavericks. They represent an earnest breath of fresh air after years of dancing teenagers, materialistic MCs and morose, chest-beating rap-metal. Coldplay are not the best of the current crop of Brit-pop (that would be Doves) nor are they derivative (Starsailor). They lie on their own plateau, and they are loving it. The best songs are &quot;God Put a Smile Upon Your Face&quot; which borrows the guitar figure from Roxy Music's &quot;Out Of The Blue&quot; and gives it a new 21st century resonance, the bright single &quot;Clocks&quot; and the centerpiece, the lush &quot;Daylight&quot; which benefits from a tight arrangement and some nice middle-eastern sounding strings. A Rush Of Blood To The Head is simply a great album from one of the most promising bands making music today.
B00005JKG7|4.0|This is a classic horror film, but there just happen to be a few plot holes you can drive a small import vehicle through... if the ghosts are seeking the conspirators, why may I ask are they stalking the likes of Adrienne Barbeau & her son, Jamie Lee Curtis, Tom Atkins if they had nothing to do with the original crime? Are they the only ones in their cars that night? Where are the rest of the townfolk? Why aren't the ghost going after anyone else in town? Their vengance vacillates between 6 specific people & then anyone else who comes across their path. Why do the ghosts stalk between 12 & 1 the first night, but start at sundown the next? I'm confused...<br />All that aside, I still reduce only one star ... simply because of the perfect ambiance. This film has one of the greatest opening sequences in horror film history, and captures the mysterious chill of small west coast towns.<br />Cinematography is beautiful, with stellar composition in each shot. I don't think there is a single shot that looks like it went without careful planning. Carpenter masterfully to build up the suspense amazingly for the first 45 minutes, then goes full throttle for the second half. This is one of the all time great mood movies.<br />Too bad the plot holes couldn't have been sewn up before the release, but that doesn't keep this from being one of Carpenter's best.
B000050HTO|5.0|I got lucky in that I bought a used copy of the Essential Bob Dylan... it turned out to be the Australian import, which has more songs! It has ALL of Bob Dylan's Greatest Hits, Vol 1 (\\"I Want You\\" is missing from the US version) and 5 extra songs: \\"Can You Please Crawl out Your Window?\\", \\"Changing of the Guards\\", \\"Blind Willie McTell\\", \\"Tight Connection to My Heart\\", and \\"Dignity\\" (from the Touched By An Angel soundtrack!?!). I am totally happy with this collection. Now if only Sony would remaster his entire catalog...
B00006LLLN|5.0|Even if you aren't a fan of bluegrass - you will enjoy this CD set.  The voice of Alison is absolutely angelic and pure.  The musicians are superb and their enjoyment of playing music comes through.  This is almost as good as seeing them live!
B000069AUI|5.0|Being a die hard Coldplay fan since the release of Parachutes, AROBTTH, came as a different but welcome surprise. The lyrics are poetic and the melodies inspiring and I am waiting with bated breath for the next installment. Favorite tracks? Politik for its lyrics and close and The Scientist for the ability to bring tears to my eyes.
B000002I2I|5.0|This is my personal favorite by these guys (having heard all of the albums with Morrison.) And the title is brilliant, high-lighting the singer of the band of whom I am undoubtedly convinced as nearly the greatest singers in rock. All of the songs are good with the exception of the two pirate songs ('Land Ho!' and 'Ship of Fools.')The opener, Roadhouse Blues, is a iron horse rocker, cruising down an open interstate. Peace Frog is funky kind of jam with some fairly dark disturbing vocals by Morrison. I get a real sleazy blues vibe from The Spy, and imagine the band members looking in keyholes of motel rooms. But anyways, Morrison Hotel is extremely accessible for most of the songs aren't stretched out beyond the listeners attention and the songs are mostly straight up rock/blues songs with little showoff instrumentation or heavily drawn out jamming.
B000084T18|5.0|This is possibly one of the best rap albums I have ever heard. I say this not because it's one of the most hyped, or produced by Eminem and Dre, it's because I can listen to the entire CD front to back without skipping a track, and do it as many times over without getting tired of it. The beats are some of the best I have ever heard, and 50 Cent is a lyrical genius. I have been patiently waiting for a CD of this magnitude, and despite being way over played in da clubs, 50 Cent brings the heat and I hope he never backs down. 21 questions, no, I just have one, why haven't you bought this CD yet?
B0000636UN|2.0|The title says it all. A lousy album. Sheryl Crow is a poor songwriter and even a worse singer. She has no deph, no originality and her vocal range is bad. The songs on this album are so american ( No offense). A Duet with Don Henley and then bacups by Tom Petty and that god awful Stevie Nicks ( except for the rumors material). Sheryl Crow is just so uninteresting in my humble opnion and so is her music.
B00006690F|5.0|The best Eminem album ever. The artist has obviously matured and taken a role in the industry as a giant and a true iconic symbol of rap. The DVD is a little gimicky, but the CD is extrodianry.
B00008DDSA|4.0|When I see a film such as Secretary, I can't escape the impression that the filmmakers use their material (in this case, S&M) for the purpose of simply selling the film--in an ongoing race (in Hollywood) to have the most bizarre, most formerly taboo subject on the table--in order that it will be talked about and, ultimately, that it will sell-rather than for the purpose of shedding light on an unmentioned or under appreciated human condition.<br />It was difficult for this viewer to relate with any of the main characters.  To a person they were neurotic.  Cutting one's self, for example, is not a healthy thing.  And the subject matter was all about sex and little more (anything new these days?).  <br />The Secretary implicitly presents itself as a psychological drama, yet that aspect of the film doesn't quite work. I never came to an understanding of what drove either of the primary characters in their obsessive-compulsive desires.   Yes, Lee, the main protagonist, has a troubled family, including an alcoholic father.  But that doesn't adequately explain her behaviour.  The other main person, E. Edward, has little known background; he's just, well, very obsessive and not all that consistent as a character. <br />Nonetheless, the Secretary was visually well put together and the acting, especially by Maggie Gyllenhaal, was superb.  And if you can't get enough of sex in films, this one is rather titillating-although not in the usual way.  <br />If you really enjoy psychological drama with a sexual undercurrent, the 50's film \\"Suddenly, Last Summer\\" covers the ground very well.  <br />Secretary is not recommended for viewing with your grandmother or with pre-adult children.
B000089RVX|5.0|I have to say, Evanescence is one of the best bands I've ever heard. The lyrics are amazing and they make you think(especially in &quot;hello&quot;). Another thing I enjoyed is that there are really rock-y songs, and some slow, sad ones, and there are also completely different ones,that really have their own catagory (like &quot;Imaginary&quot;). I agree with most reviewers; Amy's voice is one of the best I have ever heard. In my opinion, every single song is 5 stars. This music is for everyone. Listen to the CD. You'll definately be surprised
B000002B5L|5.0|Nappy Heads, was a big sucess in 1994 and now Wyclef Jean, Pras Michel and Lauryn Hill are back with another amazing Fugeed-up album The Score. This album may not be as good as the debut, but it comes close enough to being so. The album starting with a rideculas introduction by Ras Baraka is really not the way to start off a Hip-Hop/Rap album in 1996. Just by listening to the introduction, you may not want to listen to the whole album finished! Then they take you into a world of &quot;How Many Mics do you rip on the daily say many moni&quot; really weak chorus but the verses are as tight as what the background music is. &quot;Ready Or Not&quot; is a very hot track, it does feature a sample, but I mean who cares? The song has an excellent chorus and the beats flow in your ears, the rhyming skills on this song I think are tighest in the album. Of course, there are many other tracks with tight rhyming skills such as &quot;Family Buisness&quot; which can sortta creep ya out in a first time listen, but it's very hardcore so keep that in mind. Tight flows is what they shows in &quot;The Score&quot; the song's first verses is quite junk as Wyclef is making these funny noises and I can't heard a damn word! Otherwise the song is tight and so is the flow of the background music. &quot;Cowboys&quot; and &quot;Manifest&quot; I think are the other two songs with the tightest rhyming skills and music. I personally think that John Forte can over power the other Fugees as his rap is hard and skillful in rhyming. The album's downs are the remixes of &quot;Fu-Gee-La&quot; they are not as good as what I expected them to be, another down is all the interludes they can really put you off, especially if they damn long! I think that two of the up songs have got to be the covers, Wyclef Jean does a good &quot;No Woman, No Cry&quot; but I think Lauryn Hill does an excellent, &quot;Killing Me Softly&quot; and Pras doesn't do a song. I think throughout the album Lauryn added what she should've, Wyclef did too much and Pras did too little. Otherwise the album is quite fine by me. Good record if you a Hip-Hop/Rap listener.
B000002UB3|5.0|As much as some people may shout &quot;Revolver! Revolver,&quot; Abbey Road is, in my opinion (and as this is my review, what else matters) not only the greatest Beatles album, but the greatest album, period. It is a fitting end to an incredible career. Or at least would have been if the label had been smart enough to release it after Let It Be, as it was recorded. Nonetheless, incredible. Here's an track-by-track breakdown.<BR>1. Come Together--What a classic Beatles opener. Does anyone really know what this song is about? Did the Beatles? 10/10<BR>2. Something--Next to While My Guitar Gently Weeps, the greatest ever Harrison composition. GREAT guitar melody. 9.5/10<BR>3. Maxwell's Silver Hammer--Hilarious. Shows the Beatles still had a sense of humor. A dark, dark one, but a sense of humor anyway. 10/10<BR>4. Oh! Darling--Despite the repetition and lack of interesting lyrics, a very cool song. 8/10<BR>5. Octopus's Garden--Without a doubt, Ringo's career peak. 8.5/10<BR>6. I Want You (She's So Heavy)--HATED it the first time I heard it, but as I listen to it more, it's just different enough to have become one of my favorite songs on the album. 10/10<BR>7. Here Comes the Sun--As if Something wasn't enough, Harrison pens another masterpiece. Not QUITE as good, but great nonetheless. Beautiful melody. 9/10<BR>8. Because--low point of the album. revisits the riff from I Want You, but not nearly as successfully. 6/10<BR>9. You Never Give Me Your Money--I LOVE this song. The beginning of the greatest extended medley ever put on record. 10/10<BR>10. Sun King--Eh, not great, not horrible. I like the other languages. 6.5/10<BR>11. Mean Mr. Mustard--Great riff, I almost wish this song had been extended to a full piece. But it might not have been as good. 9/10<BR>12. Polythene Pam--See #11. 9/10<BR>13. She Came In Through the Bathroom Window--See #11 and #12, but slightly better. 9.5/10<BR>14. Golden Slumbers--Slows the tempo down a little bit. Great ballad. 8/10<BR>15. CarryThat Weight--Starts to build toward a crescendo. Very good, if the lyrics are lacking. LOVE the reprise of You Never Give Me Your Money. 9/10<BR>16. The End--My alltime favorite Beatles song. Incredible guitars, incredible drums, incredible finishing line. 11/10<BR>17. Her Majesty--Great way to take a little pressure off the end. You know, not make the closing medley seem so boring. 8/10<BR>BUY THIS ALBUM! IF YOU DON'T, YOU DON'T KNOW MUSIC!
B00005ABKC|5.0|Having grown up with the beautiful musicianship of Tom, Mike, and Ben, I can't recommend this album enough.  &quot;Damn the Torpedoes&quot; may be commonly accepted as TP's best album but &quot;Hard Promises&quot; is by far Petty's most complete collection of songs.  It spans the frantic emotion of &quot;Woman in Love&quot; to the absolutely beauiful closing ballad &quot;You Can Still Change Your Mind.&quot;  Even with weaker songs like &quot;King's Road&quot; and &quot;Nightwatchman,&quot; this album remains incredible as a whole.  &quot;Something Big&quot; sounds so unlike Petty's usual style but it is my all-time favorite Heartbreakers' song.  Any classic Petty fan would grow right into loving this collection.
B000092ZYY|4.0|This album is indeed sonically pleasing, the perfect child of 1997's Ok Computer and 2000's Kid A. What this album lacks, however, is a new direction (which, according to the band, was done intentionally). There are some great songs, however, some songs are very rehashed (I liked \\"Sail to the Moon\\" better the first time when it was called \\"Pyramid Song\\") and some are complete drivel (see \\"Backdrifts\\" or \\"I will\\").<BR>Thom Yorke, as a lyricist, peaked somewhere between OK and KID A, and early middle age has seemed to creep into his writing style, making the new Radiohead very little more than a watered down version of the old Radiohead. However, his voice has never sounded better (see \\"2 + 2 =5\\" or \\"We Suck Young Blood\\"), and the harmonies on HTTT are killer.<BR>The most refreshing aspect of HTTT is the complete lack of concept when creating this album. Also, for this first time ever with Radiohead, the artwork and packaging are really interesting, and definetly augment the purchasing experience. Did I say that? I guess Radiohead ARE a purchasing experience, now...
B000009EAD|5.0|This cd rocks. I am a big IE fan and this was the first cd i bought by them. It is a perfect mix of heavy metal riffs and melodic lyrics. The cd jumps around a bit from heavy songs like stand alone to songs like melencholy, but somehow, this all fits strangley together. The combination of heavy kick drums and long loud riffs makes you feel like you are right at one of their concerts! This album should belong in any collection. <br />The best way to describe this band, though, is Iron Maiden meets Slayer.Don't worry though,the satanic lyrics of Slayer are replaced with the type of singing you would hear on a Maiden rercod. While I am not a big fan of eighties metal, this stuff sounds friggin great!
B000092ZYX|1.0|...when the famous pianist sits at the piano and just stairs at it for a while not playing a single note, then stands up and the audience goes wild declaring him a genius.  <br />radiohead seems to think, and you people agree, that they're geniuses...  <br />OK computer was genius.  kid a was a experiment.  the rest...?  these songs aren't even listenable.  go buy sigur ros or notwist...much, much better efforts.  but download this thing.  the guy who stole the album and put it on the web, THAT was the genius...
B00000F566|5.0|My wife loves it, but hey, you gotta love Conan O'brien for bringing this film back to the theatre for its 10th anniversary.
020530902X|5.0|Like the saying goes, you can't tell a book by its cover, either of them; and seeing how close the two covers are, you might pass up this book as a vital resource. If you are a writer or even write for school, work, or fun, listen to these words. You need this book. If you don't have it, buy it, now! This book was recommended to me by one of my professors and it changed my entire writing life. My works became filled with less (and you can only understand that statement if you've read the book.) except that it was life that filled my writing, not words. Learn to say more with less, and find out how to write so that the reader can read, not play detective. (unless you're writing a mystery) I can't recommend this book enough. So read it. You'll be glad you did.
6305657947|3.0|This is not an exceptional adventure film, but it is a good film, carried out of oblivion by three terrific leads who all have great chemistry with each other -- Rene Russo, Pierce Brosnan and Dennis Leary -- and beautiful sets and costumes.  This remake of the 1968 Steve McQueen-Faye Dunaway vehicle is actually better than the original, and features Dunaway in a recurring cameo as Crown's therapist, but a heist film is still just a heist film -- relying on its plot and cast.  In this movie, the plot is sloppy but everything else is fine.<br />DVD extras are sparse but effective -- commentary by director John McTiernan, and trailers for both the 1968 and the 1999 films.  The film can be heard in English or French with English or French subtitles.
0345457684|5.0|Carries off a compelling detective story based in a fascinating and vividly imagined future dystopia. Reminiscent of George Alec Effinger's &quot;When Gravity Fails&quot; series which pulled off the same trick, but with a subtly distinct central high concept. Well-drawn characters, snappy dialogue and thrilling action sequences. Waiting for the next book with unhealthy anticipation.
B000000Y87|5.0|There are cases where other reviewers have already nailed it, but I just have to chime in anyway. This is such a case: the sublime explorations of rhythm and melody that are the Bill Evans Trio's June 25, 1961 Village Vanguard performances.<br />It should perhaps be stated at the outset that any of these remarks also apply to the album _Waltz for Debby_, which consists of takes culled from the same live sessions as _Sunday at the Village Vanguard_. Definitely get that one concurrently with this. It makes no sense to not have both.<br />For me, probably the greatest pleasure in this music is listening to Scott LaFaro's bass playing (maybe that's because I'm a bass player, I don't know). The mix has him more or less front and center, even in front of Bill's piano, and Scott's playing is inspired and deserves such treatment. Most people first mention his virtuosic high-speed upper-register runs, but there's also his sonorous double-stops and strummed chords, and just listening to him hold down a single whole note is wonderful. But he never pulls away and &quot;steals the show&quot; overtly, because everything he plays is so rooted in interaction and response with Bill's piano. Listening to LaFaro's strength, sensitivity, and total command of his instrument is just a total joy to behold.<br />Evans' playing, too, was never better, I think, than on these recordings. His uncanny knack of extracting the essence of tunes and laying down &quot;definitive&quot; versions of them is in full effect here. Paul Motian's drumming seems quite in the background; I hardly ever notice him. In the quiet tunes, for instance, he mostly seems to work the cymbals with brushes to create atmosphere. All in all, he plays an effective supporting role.<br />My personal favorite moments on these albums are the contemplative, haunting masterworks that are the trilogy of quieter songs: &quot;My Foolish Heart&quot;, &quot;I Loves You, Porgy&quot; (which are from _Waltz for Debby_ ) and &quot;My Man's Gone Now&quot;, plus Scott LaFaro's &quot;Jade Visions.&quot; I'd almost regard it as something like blasphemy for any other group to play that song. It's just so untouchable, and elegiac; as though Scott wrote his own eulogy without knowing it (he was killed in a car accident ten days after these recordings were made). And the &quot;simultaneous improvisation&quot; (I think some critic cooked up that phrase) this group achieves is really special. It's at a level that was never achieved on this trio's two prior studio LPs, _Portrait in Jazz_ and _Explorations_. Obviously, the spirit was just right on June 26, 1961 at the Vanguard, and these three wonderful musicians play brilliantly as an inspired unit. &quot;Solar&quot; is a prime example of this: listen to how the solos run; you can hardly tell at any given moment who's soloing and who's comping.<br />For most jazz albums, the &quot;alternate takes&quot; you get on the CD releases seem kinda &quot;pesky&quot; to me; I could easily stick with just the master takes without any distractions. But in this case, I'm quite grateful for the alternate takes that round out these discs. It just means even more unique moments of special music by this wonderful trio. I dislike cliches as much as anyone, but hey, desert island discs, for sure, these two. Don't miss out.s Gone Now&quot;, plus Scott LaFaro's &quot;Jade Visions.&quot; I'd almost regard it as something like blasphemy for any other group to play that song. It's just so untouchable, and elegiac; as though Scott wrote his own eulogy without knowing it (he was killed in a car accident ten days after these recordings were made). And the &quot;simultaneous improvisation&quot; (I think some critic cooked up that phrase) this group achieves is really special. It's at a level that was never achieved on this trio's two prior studio LPs, _Portrait in Jazz_ and _Explorations_. Obviously, the spirit was just right on June 26, 1961 at the Vanguard, and these three wonderful musicians play brilliantly as an inspired unit. &quot;Solar&quot; is a prime example of this: listen to how the solos run; you can hardly tell at any given moment who's soloing and who's comping.<br />For most jazz albums, the &quot;alternate takes&quot; you get on the CD releases seem kinda &quot;pesky&quot; to me; I could easily stick with just the master takes without any distractions. But in this case, I'm quite grateful for the alternate takes that round out these discs. It just means even more unique moments of special music by this wonderful trio. I dislike cliches as much as anyone, but hey, desert island discs, for sure, these two. Don't miss out.
B000092ZYX|5.0|I heard my first Radiohead cd about a year ago. It was Amnesiac and I'll start by saying it is not a CD to be introduced to radiohead by. I stopped listening to them put off by their almost alienating lack of hooks or any aspect to get into the song. I then however listened to the bends and fell in love. Then i found litsening to Amnesiac was much easier on the ears and now i love it. To get to the point this is the perfect cd between the bends and amnesiac. It has everything proven fans are looking for as far as depth goes, but also is catchy enough for new fans. To me this is what Radiohead is if anyone can actually say what Radiohead is. I have to say well done to the band and well done for anyone who has had the sense to go out and buy this album. To those of you who hasnt there is still time. Whether a new fan or a veteran you wont be disappointed.Right up there with OK Computer.
B00005JLT5|5.0|While the movie and music CD are worth 5 stars, there is one bit of horror that we cannot forget--and it has nothing to do with the Holocaust. The CD that I bought had a sticker attached to it with the following Roman Polanski quote(Polanski was the one who made \\"The Pianist\\" film.) The sticker reads, \\"THE PIANIST is a testimony to the power of music , the will to live, and the courage to stand against evil.\\" But lest we forget, it was Roman Polanski who in the 1970s made an arrangement to give a 13 year old girl a screen test, and ended up drugging her, then photographing her topless, and then raping her. Convicted, Polanski was released on bail, and promptly fled the country. He has yet to express any remorse for his behavior, and yet he claims the right to call the actions of the Nazis evil and immoral. It seems once again that evil and immorality is always something the other person does. If you think this kind of behavior is acceptable simply because Polanski has made a great movie, would you want a man with such a behavior pattern allowed to walk the streets of your neighborhood?
B000001EL7|5.0|By the way, this is NOT the last album with the original band members prior to Psycho Circus.  Ever hear of a little record called Dynasty?  In any case Love Gun Rocks, get it!
B000002J03|5.0|i think that Led-Zeppelin had to be just about the best rock and roll icons of the 60's, 70's and even the 80's before John died. They were so eclectic in the way's that they chose thier music and this album really shows that off. Not only were they the best classic rock and roll band they inspired most of everyone that are popular today. This album really shows off thier true colors of how they could pull anything out of thier hats!
1590710037|5.0|Wonderful, common sense support to get you going on whatever goal you have. Aimed mostly at writers, Pressman's suggestions can also be applied to any dream you have. He does ask that you face reality: your dream won't happen if you don't work at it. Sure, we all know that, but he has written it so beautifully. Since reading this book, I have developed a plan for attaining my writing goals, and I'm working toward it now.
B00008OWZC|5.0|Classic Zep at the peak of their craft.  This is one of the best sounding live rock albums since UFO's Strangers in the Night.  This CD is a shining light in the dark tunnel that has become today's music industry.  I know, stupid analogy, but it's true.  It's hard to fathom any of today's musicians even coming close to the talent these gentelmen had back in the 70s, let alone the manufactured garbage put out today by &quot;musicians&quot; that don't write their own songs, play their own instruments, or even know how to read music.  Now I must buy the DVD (sigh).
B000003RCY|5.0|The rare debut CD that doesn't have the flaws of a debut CD. These guys are so tight from the very beginning... the guitars are perfectly syncronised, the keyboard mixes in great. Till is in great voice (he starts singing more in following CD's, but his style here is aggressive and impressive). The drums are fierce throughout. Some think the riffs are repetitive to a fault. I admit that they repeat a lot... but I can't seem to get enough of them!
B00005YW4H|4.0|Really good CD- worth your money.<BR>Does it live up the hype?<BR>Of course not. What could?
B000092ZYX|4.0|I don't consider myself a hardcore Radiohead fan, me being to young for most of their albums through the 90's, and only in the past 6 months did I find myself really listening to them. I thought I knew them from The Bends and a handful of other songs, and I was wrong. This album is definitely a musically awakening expirence; you can see into the soul of Thom Yorke more than ever before. <br />I bought this for finals week. I believe it will do me good.<br />I only give it four stars because it is borderline whiny in some songs, and \\"We Suck Young Blood\\" frankly gives me the willies.
B000002N3N|5.0|I love, love love love love The Memory of Trees by Enya.<BR>Especially the vocals.<BR>The singing is the best!
B00008OWZC|5.0|The band I never got to see is now playing live in my living room.  Oh, wait.  It's a \\"How the West Was Won\\" disc!<br /><br />This is an amazing set!!!!  The sound is beautiful, rich and exploding from my speakers.  This is a MUST HAVE for every true Zep fan.<br /><br />Thanks, Jimmy Page, for caring enough about the music and your fans to give us such a quality product.  I will be listening to this set for the rest of my life...
B0000640VO|5.0|i would recommend this movie to anyone who happens to be a human being and isnt dead or in a catatonic state. i recently purchased this movie i had seen it when it first came out but forgot how much i liked it. it has now replaced kikujiro as my feel good movie. i think if you have ever had an emotion in your life you will like this movie.
B00007LTIG|4.0|This debut Grateful Dead CD is oh so fresh.  A very good balance of short focused tunes and extended blues jams.  Most of it is very good.  The exception may be the last track which features a 23 plus minute version of Viola Lee Blues.  This is mostly mindless noodling although creative in spots.<br />Anyway there are many pluses.  First of all Pig Pen's organ is much more prominent here than on any future releases.  Also like Piggies vocals on Good Morning Little Schoolgirl as well as the two bonus tracks Alice D. Millionaire and Tastebud.<br />More pluses, well Jerry guitar is certainly in fine form.  Love the psychedelic tones on Cream Puff Warm and the light hearted tone on The Golden Road.  Bobby Weir's vocals are quite compelling on Beat It On Down The Line as well as New, New Minglewood Blues.<br />This debut CD is very upbeat and showcases the Grateful Dead's fine instrumental prowess.  Definitely one of their stronger studio releases.
0792841344|2.0|I watched the Phantasm not with a dismissive mind, but with one expecting to enjoy this proclaimed 'horror' classic. But I didn't, in fact I fast forwarded through a lot of it, which is unusual for me, I can happily sit through campy gorefests like Zombie all night long.<BR> That got me thinking about exactly why this movie was popular at one point and how I couldnt like a movie that so many people obviously have fond memories of.<BR> Well it all boils down to this, the unpretentious nature of the film and the fact that the main character was a kid drew the late 70's generation teenage audience into the picture.<BR> It became their world.<BR> Fulci's Zombie and other horror movies wore their camp proudly, Phantasm's strength on release however was its low key setting, and its typical 70's suburbian environment.<BR> Now me as a twenty-something new viewer, the whole setting seemed rather stupid, the dialouge was poor and the 70's era everything seemed cheeseball. I didnt get pulled in and I cant imagine any new viewer getting pulled in, the plastic critters and bad costumes didnt help.   If this film was your first taste of terror then its probably worth buying it just to reclaim your teens, however if you've never seen it, don't feel like you have to bother adding it to your collection to have all the good horror films, stick with films that despite their age still feel vital and invite you in: Dawn of the Dead, Texas Chainsaw Massacre, etc.<BR> On an upbeat note I did like the ball scene though.
0345451325|5.0|Whether or not you are a fan of the XBOX videogame Halo, you have to admit that it features a very good sci-fi story. This book describes the events that lead up to the game's begginning. One of the things that makes this book so great is that it features all the detail and quality of other books, but for some reason it is an incredibly easy read. I'm not saying that this book uses simple terms and simple sentences to get across its points; it's just that the text seems to flow off the pages and into your mind as soon as you pick the book up. Another thing that makes this book a surperb one is that it's always interesting. It's filled with action that is described in so much straight to the point detail (which makes the action seem like it's going by realistically fast) that you will feel like your actually there fighting alongside the Spartans. And even during the parts where there is no action for a little while, you will still be interested by the well written dialogue. Casual readers can expect a book that will actually entertain them as much as any other medium (if not more) and hardcore readers should expect a treat that they can finish in a day or so. The game is an excellent one, and if you are interested in this book, I'd recommend picking it up. But now that the second book in this series, Halo: The Flood, is available, you won't need the game to continue the great story because Halo: The Flood describes all the events that take place during the videogame (plus a little extra). <br />If you like to read then BUY THIS BOOK! If you aren't much of a reader but want to find a book that will actually interest you then BUY THIS BOOK! If you like the XBOX videogame Halo then BUY THIS BOOK! <br />***If you do buy this book you should definately buy Halo: The Flood also. Since they both offer hours of entertainment for a low, low price you really can't lose.***
B00000K19E|4.0|For me, there are two Matrices: The one I lose myself in while watching, and the one that I dissect afterwards. First, The Matrix in action.<br />The Matrix is the most visually dense, dazzling picture I've ever seen. From the title design of endlessly flowing green numbers, to the fight scene, to the exquisitely choreographed chase, to the bang-up conclusion, the opening sequence is breathtaking. The kinetic action is perfectly accompanied by Don Davis' score, which at that point evokes the dark feel of a classic, Hollywood thriller. And the writer-directors, the Wachowski brothers (Bound), make every shot tell.<br />The story is about a future in which humans created machines so intelligent, that the machines won a war which left the world a desert, and humans their slaves. Most of the humans now live in pods, until they are harvested by the machines for energy. The rest live in \\"the matrix,\\" a virtual world created by the machines to delude the humans that they live in a gleaming, prosperous city -- actually, gleaming Sydney, Australia. (The movie is muddled as to whether or how some humans aren't living in pods. I've seen it twice, and still am not clear on this.)<br />The idea of \\"the matrix\\" as technological dream world, evokes Marxist guru Herbert Marcuse's 1960s book, One Dimensional Man. Marcuse couldn't explain how he was able to see through the technofog that deluded everyone else. The Wachowskis do a somewhat better job of explaining that part. They also take a page or two from Alice in Wonderland, The Planet of the Apes, 1984, and even Japanese comic books.<br />It is the \\"agents\\" who give the machines a \\"human\\" face. The agents look like feds - replete with ear pieces, sunglasses and interchangeable, nondescript suits - but they are machines; hence their superhuman power and speed. (The Wachowskis also throw in some \\"shape-shifting,\\" a trope from New Age/American Indian mythology, which was introduced in the movies in Thunderheart.) As \\"Agent Smith,\\" Aussie actor Hugo Weaving is a memorable heavy.<br />A hardy band of human freedom fighters traveling around in a rusty old \\"Mark III\\" ship and a circa-1965 Lincoln Continental (the Wachowskis evidently have a soft spot for old Lincolns), in addition to those whom we don't see, back in the city of Zion at the earth's core, are humanity's last, best hope.<br />The picture alternates between didacticism and action. Most of the lessons are taught by \\"Morpheus\\" (Laurence Fishburne) who initially seems to be the savior, but who is actually he who will groom the Saviour, \\"The One.\\"<br />Enter \\"Neo\\" (Keanu Reeves), the hacker whose name is clearly an anagram of One, as in The. The movie hinges on whether Neo is The One.<br />The other main character, \\"Trinity\\" (Carrie-Ann Moss), is a passionate, butt-kicking female member of the rebel troupe.<br />Perhaps the greatest accomplishment of The Matrix, is that within a set-up that could easily have deteriorated into New Age verbal diarrhea and emotionally empty technical effects, the movie makes you -- or at least, me -- care deeply about these people.<BR> <BR>The cast does praiseworthy work, especially Fishburne, Moss, and in a brief but moving scene, Gloria Foster (\\"the Oracle\\"), a woman of a certain age who still looks great. The stars clearly do a lot of the fighting themselves. Note, too, the forty stunt men who risked their very real butts for your movie-going pleasure.<br />Now, let's consider the elements that get lost in the sights and sounds of viewing.<br />The movie suggests a Christ-like savior, but This One has little in common with Christianity's Messiah.<br />I'm not crazy about Keanu Reeves; he's no Gene Hackman. And as for fictional savior types, I much prefer Lance Henriksen's tortured, all-too-human \\"Frank Black\\" from the classic Chris Carter TV series, Millennium.<br />The science is terrible, but then, it seems that \\"s/f\\" almost always gets the \\"s\\" wrong. Computers will never be able to initiate thought andaction.<br />A parallel problem is the depiction of human beings learning physical skills without any physical practice, through merely having software downloaded into their brains.<br />Why is The Oracle fallible, and why does she quote the phrase \\"Know thyself\\" in Latin, instead of the original Greek?<br />As movie critic Steve Sailor pointed out, the movie perfectly matches Hollywood's notions of multiculturalism: The heavies are all pasty-faced white guys, whereas the good guys are a mix of blacks and whites.<br />All of the above issues must be compartmentalized while watching the movie, in order to enjoy it. (I know - I'm too literal-minded.)<br />Note that while kids usually love The Matrix, it's also not necessarily a good idea to watch it with very young ones. At its conclusion, my three-year-old started wacking away at me, in his best imitation of kung fu. And so, you might not want to show this to any of your children, prior to their thirtieth birthday.<br />The DVD is chock full of goodies. One feature allows you to watch the movie with subtitles, in order to see how Don Davis' musical subtly carries it. Davis breaks in at times, with his own commentary. His score is a serendipitous mlange of styles - from classic thriller-style to punk rock - fashioned to match the unique mood of each scene.<br />Another feature gives you the option of stopping the movie, to view footage of the special effects that went into the scene being shown. The purist in me complains, \\"That's like a magician explaining how he does his tricks,\\" but the guy who at 18 wanted to become a movie director, says, \\"More! More! More! The more knowledge, the better!\\"<br />Yet another feature, on the making of The Matrix, focuses on the Hong Kong-style kung fu training the cast endured for some six months, and the \\"bullet-time\\" special effects invented for the movie.<br />With this DVD you get your money's worth, and then some.
6305252521|5.0|This movie is with a doubt a classic.Jim Carrey does his best performance of his life in this movie about fantasy.This movie is well acted,beautifully writtin and amazingly directed.I'm surprised Jim Carrey wasn't nominated for a Oscar in this movie but he won a Golden Globe at least.If you haven't seen this movie,buy it on DVD and see this amazing movie.
B00004XONN|5.0|Kid A has gotten a lot of criticism by fans of Radiohead's previous albums, but i think they have taken a turn for the better. I think it would be monotinous and unsuprising if they made another &quot;OK computer&quot; type album. Kid A is heavily based on electronic sounds and the distorting of instruments, which also were very abundant in okc if you listen carefully. The main difference is the slow,underwater,eeri-ness of the album which probably alienates fans of the straight forward anthem like songs from the bends and okc because of the unorganized and hard to follow songs. This may turn some fans off at first but once you let the songs sink in (which may take a while for some) then you realize they arent that far fetched as some other fans may say. &quot;Everything in it's righ place&quot; starts the album very nicely giving a taste of what is to come with its looping of vocals and sounds. The are lows and highs with &quot;kid A&quot;, &quot;the national anthem&quot;, and &quot;how to dissappear completely&quot; all having beautiful and eerie melodies. Treefingers is sort of a interlude the second half of the album that starts with theonly song that fans can relate to, &quot;optimistic&quot;. &quot;in Limbo&quot; isnt particularly my favorite. Then &quot;Idioteque&quot; my personal favorite, which uses electronic beats an sounds....almost &quot;techno&quot; but with a twist that i enjoy very much. The rest of the album &quot;morning bell&quot; and a beautiful ender &quot;motion picture soundtrack&quot; are the icing on the cake. A very well put together, interesting, and great album by Radiohead. Probably my favorite so far once i got used to it. There is no reason a &quot;okc&quot; fan cant enjoy this if they have a open mind.
0790743507|5.0|This musical is one of my favorites!  Gene Kelly always gets to me. He's so charming and handsome and has that \\"million dollar smile\\" Debbie Reynolds is so adorable too. I'm always amazed everytime I watch this film. The dancing an singing are just wonderful!  It also has a great story line; it's just a classic!!
0316921173|4.0|The book reminds me of Le Corbousier's take on new york city: &quot;ten times I've said New York is a catastrophe, but 100 times I'll say it's a glorious catastrophe.&quot; Infinite Jest is like that...it's a jumble, at times confusing, at times touching, at times fun, at times just boring...like New York, is has the feel of something created by momentous forces, forces that do not always work in a coordinated way, that sometimes step on each other, that can be maddening, perverse, stupid. Yet when you look at the whole, you can't help but love it, its vigor, its quirkiness, its stamina, its...essence. So yes, just understand that this is not a normal book and you can't approach it like a normal book, and you can't expect it to make sense all the way through. Cuz it doesn't. You just have to immerse yourself in its totally idiosyncratic flow, in the impossibly weird but still lifelike near future DFW has fashioned, you need to give the book enough time to get to know the characters, to start to feel them as friends, to start to suffer through what they suffer through...and then, once you're in the IJ zone, once you've become subumed in this more-interesting-than-the-real-reality-reality that the book creates, well, I guarantee you won't want to leave.
B00008OWZC|5.0|This is an amazing release.  The classics sound new and fresh.  Its a gut wrenching experience to listen to this album - its so good.<br />One of my favorite tracks is &quot;Over the Hills and Far Away.&quot;  Acapulco Gold.  Listen and you'll get the reference.<br />If you are a Zeppelin fan, you need this immediately.
B00009L1UP|5.0|It is amazing what 24-bit re-mastering has done to this album. It feels incredibly fresh now just as it was back then. Great production, a little bit too radio-friendly but that doesn't take away from the beauty of the record. Prog-metal at its best, for sure. <BR>The bonus tracks are not the greatest, but the original 11 tracks has definitely come alive in an incredible way. Don't hesitate and pick this one up - yes, it IS worth it if you already own the original copy. You'll thank me later.<br />Dice
6301543408|1.0|I found this movie to be so awful that I can't even remember anything about it, other than Uhura's ludicrous fan dance. I guess I just blocked it out of my mind. As a fairly dedicated Star Trek fan, I'm very glad the following movies were far superior. Shatner needs to stay away from directing!
0671027573|4.0|Charming and fun to read, with lots of suspense!  The good-guy characters are likeable and the sex is pretty good.  A quick read, easy to get through, and keeps you interested.  I'll be reading more of hers.
B00003CXAA|5.0|Forget the too long movie about Jesus and his disciples, the Corleone legacy is the truly the greatest story ever told. Francis Ford Coppola, also well known for Apocalypse Now and other epics, transferred Mario Puzo's novels to absolute perfection. And now the best movies in the world are in a special edition DVD set, all three of them to watch to your discretion. The Godfather movies are really a guys dream movie, you have the Mafia, the family oriented theme, the action, the blood, the guns, the ... well everything. The Godfather spawned quotes that we still use today from classics like \\"Keep your friends close and your enemies closer.\\" to.. \\"I know Fredo, you broke my heart. You broke my heart.\\" and the immortal \\"I'll make him an offer he can't refuse.\\"<BR>What was it about these epic classics that made us love the Corleone family so much? I think a lot of it had to do with their code of honor, something they followed like law, though they broke the laws of the land. It was a movie about the Mafia, a sort of inside look (though fictional) of how these Mafia families ruled their territories and the betrayal that stemmed from greed and envy. The Godfather was an epic because of Marlon Brando's immortal portrayal of the tough but family oriented Vito Corleone. A star studded cast including, Al Pacino, Robert Duvall, Talia Shire, James Caan and others you have seen in tons of different movies. Vito Corleone was a man of respect, the head of the most powerful family in New York, a tough business man that would go to the ends for his family. The people around him respected him and loved him.<BR>In the Godfather Part II, we see Vito's heir to the Corleone family, his youngest son Michael, become the most ruthless seen in cinema history. (Maybe matched with Al Pacino's other crime boss portrayal of Scarface.) Michael was a brutal and darker Don then his father, Vito. Michael will be immortalized in film by showing how dangerous he could be and how ruthless he could act.As the ending of the film proved, no one would stand in the way of the Corleone family, and even family would pay for betraying their own. The performance given by John Cazale as the weak Fredo Corleone was great. As was Diane Keaton's returning role as Kay, Michael's estranged wife. And perhaps the best part of the second installment of the Godfather Legacy was Robert De Niro's role as a young Vito Corleone, showing how the family business began through a series of flashbacks. Robert Duvall returning as Tom Hagan, the families lawyer and ex-consiglieri to Vito Corleone. And a great scene featuring the return of James Caan as Santino \\"Sonny\\" Corleone for the final scene in the film, set on Vito's birthday as Michael explains that he quit college and joined the Marines to fight in World War II. Sadly, Marlon Brando had not come back to reprise his role of Vito.<BR>Part III was probably the slowest of the three films. And a lot of old characters were missing, such as Robert Duvall as Tom Hagan as well as many  of the allies of the Corleone family. Andy Garcia comes in as a new face, the bastard son of Santino \\"Sonny\\" Corleone. Most of the movie is a long twisting tale of betrayal and struggle, with Michael Corleone trying to get the family legit. More of a soap opera then the first two epics, it was still a nice finish to the saga of Michael Corleone. It wrapped up most of the loose ends and you didn't feel cheated. Though it lacked the feeling the first two movies had, it had a great quality, due in a good part by the fact that it was filmed in 1990. But on DVD we don't even have to worry about that.<BR>The Special Edition DVD Box Set is probably the favorites in my collection. The Godfather movies made a big impact on me, even though I wasn't even born when the first two were made and only 8 when Part III came out. I watched them because my father always talked about the great Godfather movies and I had to watch them. It quickly became my favorite movie series of all time. The DVD set has tons upon tons of special features with a bonus disc dedicated to do just that. The picture and sound quality is excellent.<BR>5 out of 5. If you or anyone in you family loves Mafia movies and owns a DVD player, this is a gift they can never refuse. Sorry.. had to get that in there somewhere.
B00006RIO7|4.0|This musical is both entertaining and beautiful, rare in today's movie standards.  I am an avid musical fan, and this movie soundtrack lives up to my expectations.  I was slightly wary about it when I saw no broadway actors in the cast list, but I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of performance.  Queen Latifa's roll as Mama is just great, and Richard Gere's voice fits his roll very well.   The movie is just as breath-taking as the music, but I have only one qualm in the soundtrack.  I could have done without the two new tracks at the end of the CD that just don't belong to the stylistic flow of neither the movie nor the musical.   I do, however, recommend this soundtrack to any movie or music lover.
038572179X|3.0|Atonement may start off a little slow, but ends up very good. I really liked this book alot and i would suggest it to any kind of reader. McEwan is an excellent writer with an intellegent style. His diction is amazing and makes the book that much better. However, the conclusion to the book really could have been left out. I found it tedious and tiresome. Read this book though, you wont regret it!
B000002UAI|3.0|The pressures of Beatlemania were certainly weighing heavily on the Fab Four in 1964, and this album was the result.  Exhaustion was written all over it -- from the forlorn-looking group we see on the album jacket to the rather sad-sounding music inside.  And yet..... there are some gems here -- and they definitely make this CD worth owning.  John Lennon may not have liked \\"Eight Days A Week\\" much, but I think it is the best song on the album -- its trend-setting fade-up intro and the chiming guitars make it a terrific mid-period Beatles song.  The two Lennon songs which open the album, \\"No Reply\\" and \\"I'm a Loser\\", may have been pretty glum songs, but they are also GOOD songs.  Paul McCartney's \\"I'll Follow the Sun\\" is also a catchy little number that I've always enjoyed humming along to.  But the rushed nature of this project means a mistake or two made it through to the final product -- case in point:  \\"What You're Doing\\".  Listen to the backing vocal the first time Paul sings \\"Yoooou've got me crying girl\\" (John and George sing \\"I\\" instead of \\"You\\" -- they get it right the next time this comes up.)  The large number of cover versions also tells you this album was a rush job, but by-and-large, the band does a pretty good job of them.  Lennon, especially, blows Chuck Berry's original out of the water, with his boisterous performance of \\"Rock and Roll Music\\"!  And Lennon and McCartney gently caress Buddy Holly's \\"Words of Love\\" -- the only time the band would record a Holly original, although his stuff was a staple of their stage act.   Ringo and George both come up with rockabilly classics from Carl Perkins  -- \\"Honey Don't\\" and \\"Everybody's Trying to Be My Baby\\" respectively.  There's WAYYY too much echo on the latter unfortunately, and there's a much better version of this song on \\"LIVE FROM THE BBC\\" released in 1994.   These two songs add to the strong country tinge that runs through the whole CD, including on such Lennon-McCartney originals as \\"I'm A Loser\\" and \\"I Don't Want To Spoil the Party\\". One final note -- I totally agree with reviewers who feel the Beatles should have dropped \\"Mr Moonlight\\" -- despite John's impassioned delivery of the title to open the song -- and instead have included \\"Leave My Kitten Alone\\".  You can hear the latter on ANTHOLOGY 1, and it's a far superior song.  Overall, while BEATLES FOR SALE is probably the weakest album the band released (other than the original YELLOW SUBMARINE), it still has enough good songs that it's well worth owning -- after all, these are the Beatles we're talking about!   (Too bad this CD didn't include \\"I Feel Fine\\", released about the same time as a single.)
078401213X|2.0|Pi is a comlpex movie to say the least. The filmwork is amazing and the grainy black and white footage adds to the allure of the film. I have to say, i dont think i totally understand the movie and it left alot unanswered. Most of the movie I found myself thoroughly confused yet still really interested. It has a certain intrigue, possibly due to the outstanding acting. I wouldnt label this a mainstream movie at all, but for the slightly indie/underground audience its a film that needs to be seen.
0399146377|4.0|This adaptation of Patricia Cornwell's The Last Precinct, where one goes when justice can't be found elsewhere, wasn't too bad.<BR>Ms. Maxwell's Southern drawl fits right in with the Virginia setting.  Dr. Scarpetta, the heroine of Ms. Cornwell's novels, is in the middle of being investigated.  There's the search for a character (cutely named) &quot;the werewolf&quot;.  There's Ms. Scarpetta's devoted niece, a detective named Marino, and a host of other figures; helping to move the story along.  This book is better (at least the audio version is) than Black Notice; which I couldn't get into.  (I may try to reread it later.)  Pretty decent story.  [An aside-if you get to check out Ms. Cornwell on the ABC Primetime special with Ms. Diane Sawyer, investigating some real life homicides, check it out.]
0393312836|5.0|I love A Clockwork Orange. I'm so glad i read it. It really isnt like anything ive ever read before. Totally in a class by itself. It is a terrifying book that shows how horrible the world could be. The vulgarity and blatant violence only add to the appeal. The message of independence, choice, and maturity hit hard and make the book one of the best. Shocking at times, for some it may be a little hard to take, but give it a try. The slang used and they way you have to figure it out as you read make you feel an attachment to the book and it feels like your own. read this book!
B000066NW0|1.0|First of all, most of Avril's music is not written by her. Have you read all the credits on her CD? Maybe you should. Second she does NOT play her own music. She only knows a few cords on her guitar. That's the only reason the band is there. <BR>She's nowhere near 'Punk'. She used to be a country singer up in little Napanee. Her producers dressed her up like this to be the new 'trend'. <BR>Her music is horrible. I'll give her points for singing. She can do that, barely. Every song on this sounds the same. Why? Because they're pop songs. I'd advise you to save your money and buy something decent like AFI, Alkaline Trio, or Rancid.
B00005R2IS|5.0|MAD MAX may actually live up to that boast. This was Mel Gibson's first role in an action film, and one of his only Australian films. The movie takes place in a post-apocolptic world where the cops just basically get their [bootys] kicked by road rats, who pretty much rule the highways. \\"Mad Max\\" Rockatansky is the only cop who seems up to par against the meanies. His Do-gooding (Or Good-doing......?) upsets one gang so mush, they murder Max's best friend, wife, and child. Well, wouldn't that just [tick] you off too? Of course, so Max is on a hunt for the murderers to enact revenge. This movie had a dirt-poor low-budget, little known actors, and few chances of a sequel. Well, the film was (at the time) the most financially successful australian film ever made, catapulted Mel Gibson into stardom (he later was known for his LETHAL WEAPON films), and produced not one, but 2 sequels, one of which (MAD MAX 2, known in the U.S. as THE ROAD WARRIOR) is even better than the first. The action scenes are fantastic, but one difference between this and your average action film is the character Max, and his futuristic environment. They engage you in a way that not only can you just indentify with the character and imagine yourself as the hero, he's so universal, you can imagine anyone in his shoes, doing exactly what he's doing. A very well made action film
0425098478|5.0|This is a very effective message in managing and communicating with people under your charge. It can be applied in any situation whether military or civilian. It's more effectve when used in a small group in my opinion. You can see the one minute manager technique in action simply by watching shows like &quot;ST: Next Generation&quot;.  Capt. Picard uses it consistantly throughout the series when reprimanding Worf or Data. It's a short book and can be finished in one sitting. I remember to always give praise and encouragement after reprimanding someone. Works everytime!!
0783226063|5.0|Many people looked at Lynch's DUNE in a bad way upon<BR>it's arrival in 1984. It was afterall a science fiction<BR>adaptation of the one of the best sci-fi books ever written.<BR>It was tough to watch. But I watched it again. I have watched<BR>it many times and have decided that it captured the book<BR>better than any could have. Including the miserable series<BR>that ran on the Sci-Fi network.<BR>Kyle MacLachlan as Paul Atreides completely engulfed the role.<BR>He stated at the time that he had read the book many times<BR>as a child. He &quot;became&quot; Muaddib. <BR>David Lynch mixed human emotions, heavy plot lines, and <BR>incredible effects, such as the Third Stage Guildsman, and<BR>I believe it was perfection in every way.
0767853636|5.0|This has been my favorite movie since I was 2 and saw it in the theater  with my mom and dad.  I still watch it often and it reminds me of when I was a little girl belting out \\"Tomorrow\\" in my orange Annie wig.  It's just a great classic movie that anybody can watch.
B000089RVX|5.0|While the lyrics may be a bit repetitive, every song on this album has a catchy tune, and Amy Lee's vocals are simply amazing!  I think she's the best female vocalist to come along since Annie Lennox.  The overall sound of the group may not be that unique, but Amy Lee's voice is one of a kind.  This young girl has the voice of an angel, and I hope she will take good care of it.  She could make the worst song sound good, but not necessary with this album.  The songs are pretty good as well, although I would like to see a little more variation in the lyrics.  I see so much potential for Amy and the group as well.  <br />It's very unusal that I will buy an album and like every single song.  There's almost always one or two songs that I skip over, but not on this album.  I love every single song!  I almost swore off of contemporary music of the 90's, but I think I'm seeing the light at the end of the tunnel now.  Here is something fresh and very special.  Keep an eye on this group, and Amy in particular.  Great things lie ahead!  Great album!  Buy it!
B000089RVX|5.0|Her lyrics go so well with the music, she is an awesome artist! A must buy!!!
B00006F83Y|5.0|This is an incredible cd. It starts off with a radio promo which plays into the albums theme that mainstream radio is usually boring. This is pretty funny and they continue it through the cd (the death metal prelude to Six Shooter is great). The cd explodes with \\"Millionaire\\", a track off of the xXx soundtrack. ITs a great way to start the album. Then comes No One Knows, a radio friendly hit with good guitarwork. First it giveth is a good but forgetable song. The next two songs are incredible. Song For The Dead is probably one of the best on the cd with very stonerish vocals (a-la Fu Manchu) from someone who I dont know who it is. HE also appears on Hanging Tree. Then comes Sky IS Fallin, a very cool song with the best vocals on the cd. Then the next radio promo comes before six shooter, a parody of death metal. Its probably the worst on the cd. Then Comes Hangin Tree, another of my favorites. It has awesome vocals and a really cool riff. The next few songs are solid but sound similar. Unofrtunately one of them \\"Go With The Flow\\" is not a very good song but became their second single. The video is amazing though. Another Love Song is the best song on the cd and has amazing guitarwork vocals drujmming and everything else. Then comes two other solid songs and a secret song. This cd has it all. The guitarwork is some of the best of any band in recent history, and the vocals are very diverse. Joey Castillo, the bands current drummer does not play on this record, rather Dave Grohl offers his final recording with this band. Any fans of Kyuss, Fu Manchu, Jimi Hendrix, Black Sabbath, LEd ZEppelin, or any other bands centered on weird vocals and insane guitarwork will love this cd. Queens of the Stoneage are the best lvie band I have ever seen, they sound exactly like studio but are harder and crisper and louder, giving them a more nu-metal feel. They are true musicians, not just a few buddies who can sort of play instruments. One of the best albums of the year, this will not disappoint.
B00005JKED|4.0|in  all of my 20  yrs  working in a  major  law enf  agency and working in every division, unit..etc, i never ran across a  guy that even resembled   denzel's washington's  character....alonznzo harris, and  yes,  i have run across...characters portrayed  by eathan hawke,.....more than  i   can  shake a stick at....!!!<br />   1st order of business:   enforce the law  not break it<BR>                            unlawful order's to smoke dope<BR>                            getting into a specialized unit<BR>                            and committing crimes.<br />denzel washington's portrayal of a twisted cop  is very much<BR>up to par, as   like the characters in...\\" the shield\\"<BR>after all   it's just acting  !!!!!!!!!!!<br />don;t ever get the idea that  gangs of these bad cop's exist<br />maybe  a  bad apple or  two, they will enentually be caught<br />and    fired...!...........see the movie  , buy it...<br />   just don't  believe it , as reality
B00005JLPK|4.0|I must admit I was a a bit of a skeptic of Frida at first, usually biopics tend to be a tad dragged out and boring, as well as the fact that Salma Hayek had never before been really tested professionally, but this film changed my mind on all of the above.  Director Julie Taymor uses a greatly imaginative style to portray the interesting, though at times a little dull, life of Frida.  The spectacular set and costume design were a highlight of the film, as well as the meaningful performance of Salma Hayak and the supporeting cast, i.e. Alfred Molina who is tremedous as the lead male.  This movie at times seemed to drag but was quickly picked up by moments of excitement, not to mention the sheer audacity of Frida and her life.  The film seems to focus far too much on how others thought of her work insted of letting the stunning visuals speak for themselves.  I also felt that there was not enough attention given to artwork itself, in actuality her husbamd's work seems to be more important than hers in the movie.  I thought the film was very intriguing, before it I had never gone into the depths of the true character of Frida, in all truth I knew little more than her name.  This is a brilliant display of a tortured person who perseveers and makes a terrific artist of herself.  Overall I thought it was a very interesting, decorative film and though it had its flaws definitely worht your viewing.
B00005OAIE|5.0|I wasn't quite sure at first about buying John Mayer's CD, being he is a newcomer to the music industry. I bought it anyway even with my doubts. I got it home and put it in my CD player, and to my surprise, it was really good music. The first song was one of my favorites on the whole album. The songs are upbeat and light and the lyrics make sense. I now consider it one of my favorite CDs. <BR>I reccomend this album to girls and even guys because his lyrics do not lean toward one sex or the other. There is also no cursing, which can be a plus. This is a great album, and John Mayer is going to be big in music!
B00006CXXU|5.0|I have never seen so many different styled songs on the same CD.  With this record you're not just gonna like one or two songs, you're gonna love them all.  It makes you think that it was made for a movie soundtrack, because of all the different sounds.  Anyone who hasn't got this CD is really missing out.  Preview it at a store and if you agree with me you wouldn't regret buy it. Stripped has a song for every mode that you'll ever have.
0385504209|5.0|If I wanted factual art history I would go buy a reference book.  All this rigamarole about not enough research is hogwash.  Good grief this is FICTION!  That's why it says &quot;Novel&quot; on the front.  Let the guy have some artistic license, geez.  He's earned it.<br />It was a page-turner I couldn't put down.  It starts out with action and keeps your pulse going all the way through.  I loved figuring out all the puzzles as I went along.  Very much like the puzzles in Rome from his previous book &quot;Angels &amp; Demons&quot;.<br />For everyone else who wants complete accuracy, might I suggest some non-fiction?
B00006CXXU|5.0|i can't really put how i feel about this album into words...it is just so amazing. i never really was a huge christina fan, but i decided, ah what the heck, we'll try this one out. i was so (pleasantly) surprised by this cd. i can't really say anything different than the other 5 * reviews, but i can tell you my opinion on it. this has never left my cd player since i bought it on the day of it's release ( everyone was making a big hype about it so i decided to take a try ). her vocals with the rythms of these songs just blew my mind. on 'genie in a bottle', i dont think her full vocal talent was exposed, but it is quite the contrary with this album. she has such a powerful voice, and yes, i do admit that she screams a bit loudly at times, i think that it just adds to the intensity of the song. my favorite tracks are: can't hold us down (f/lil kim), walk away, impossible (written by alicia keys), and loving me for me. but dont get me wrong, all of the other songs are amazing as well. while i am not necessarily a fan of her exposing clothing, i definetly do not think she deserves all of the criticism she gets. soooo...all in all, this album blew me away...in a good way of course. if you were on the fence about buying this album, i hope i pushed you over to the right side. : D purchase this, and you won't be sorry.
630522885X|1.0|...Fox-Lorber can be credited with sly only, for releasing this lack of quality even Madacy would be ashamed of.<BR>The 1 star is because of this release. Maybe they don't know yet that DVD technology allow for subtitles as a choice option, and maybe their budget was too short to get them right (one quarter is accurate, one quarter is approximate, one quarter is absolute fancy, and one quarter has escaped translation. But the worse is the (absence of) quality of the picture which is perfectly matched by a botched soundtrack.<BR>Until Criterion or some real professional in DVD business will take care of getting this released as it should be, better to avoid this one.
B00000K19E|5.0|I re-watched the Matrix the other night, having just watched its outstanding sequel, Reloaded. The greater emphasis on philosophical themes in Reloaded casts new light on their more tangential (and thus confusing) treatment in the original film. For a kung-fu movie, the Matrix tackles some big issues, and while I'm not altogether sure it's completely coherent about them, I think writing it all off as having been plundered from lecture notes in Philosophy 101 isn't justified either (the same people who tend to do that also tend not to have actually taken Philosophy 101).<br />The Problem of Free Will gets a good outing: are we free to do was we please, or does the chemical nature of the brain, and the fundamental laws of cause and effect, mean that we are not? And in the matrix itself all is not quite what you might expect: Both Neo's in-Matrix boss and Agent Smith offer Neo specific (if perhaps Hobson's) choices: turn up at work on time, or find another job; help track down Morpheus, or suffer the consequences; in any event on your own head be it. Contrast that with Morpheus' first instruction to Neo: \\"Do exactly as I tell you\\": Not what you'd expect from the arch-libertarian. The notion of choice, and the value of choice, thereafter reverberates through the film.<br />This of course implies the question of Mind: do chemical and electrical reactions in the brain fully explain consciousness? Is human consciousness simply the product of a glorified organic computer? And if that's the case, what is the difference between the digital consciousness presented by the Matrix, and the \\"actual\\" consciousness our own brain gives us? Is there a difference? Segue to Descartes' \\"Cogito Ergo Sum\\", an analysis explicitly referred to in Reloaded.<br />All this isn't to say that the Wachowski brothers are necessarily coherent in their philosophy or that they're doing anything other than name-checking famous dead people, (as yet, I'm not sure what point they're making with all this learning) but it does catapult the Matrix beyond the realms of your common sci-fi/action movie, and leaves you pondering all the iterations into the night. Some folk don't want that sort of thing in a kung fu movie, but for me it justifies the price of admission. And then to see Carrie-Ann Moss kicking butt in skin tight patent leather on top of that ... well, it don't get any better than that.earning) but it does catapult the Matrix beyond the realms of your common sci-fi/action movie, and leaves you pondering all the iterations into the night. Some folk don't want that sort of thing in a kung fu movie, but for me it justifies the price of admission. And then to see Carrie-Ann Moss kicking butt in skin tight patent leather on top of that ... well, it don't get any better than that.
B000002UAX|5.0|i love it... i love it even for the songs i don't love so much (dont pass me buy... savoy truffle...) ... i love the sprawlingness of it.  i love that even after listening to it about 3 million times it still feels fresh and i still hear new things in it.  so many different styles of music here.. not only played.. not only attempted - but perfected.  so many different styles --- but they all have the beatles trademark.  standouts include Dear Prudence, Happiness Is A Warm Gun, I Will, Julia, Blackbird, and While My Guitar Gently Weeps... and that's just the first CD<br />...
B000002L9J|5.0|This is my first CD by the Smiths, and frankly, Mr. Shankly, I am sold. Morrissey's brilliant lyrics and Marr's pristine guitarwork have been lauded countless times in the past and I think they simply deserve it. In the wasteland of 80's music, they shone as a beckon of hope, and I'm just now realizing what a debt music owes to this band.<br />The Smiths - well, Morrissey, really - have a reputation for being a mopey, miserable bunch still stuck in their precocious 'teens. And you know what, they are - but just a bit, and _only_ a bit. Yes, Morrissey's lyrics are sometimes self-pitying and mostly dark - but more often than that, they're funny, insightful, sincere, and well-executed. He manages to pull off everything from the desperate (and yes, mopey and miserable, but powerfully affecting) \\"I Know It's Over,\\" to the over-the-top humor of \\"Vicar in a Tutu,\\" to the first love anthem of \\"There is a Light that Never Goes Out.\\" The title track is particularly good: Morrissey delivers line after memorable line, managing to be socially relevant and completely hilarious at the same time. And he does it all to the backdrop of Marr's excellent pop. <br />My one gripe would be the album's brevity (it just misses forty minutes) but I'd much rather have this than a longer album with more bad apples in the bunch.<br />As this is my first Smiths album, I simply can't compare it to anything else, but if the rest of them are as good as this, the Smiths will have another avid fan.
B000002UAU|5.0|fantastical.<br />still an incredible journey 36 years later.  36 flippin' years and this thing still sounds exciting and fresh.  very possibly the greatest album ever.  and NOT over-rated.  \\"a day in the life\\" is one of the most fantastic songs in history.  some of the more overlooked but very good songs are \\"fixing a hole\\" and \\"she's leaving home\\" --- great stuff.<br />...
0790744295|4.0|Creepshow might not be the best work of either of the principle creators, Stephen King and George A. Romero, but it is darn good fun! The film is set up as a series of vignettes that remind the viewer of something they might see on Tales from the Crypt. In fact, both Tales and Creepshow are homages to the ghoulishly delightful EC Comics from the 1950s. As such, Creepshow features a bold visual style and campy storylines and acting. Both work to serve the material, though, rather than detract from it. <br />The DVD presentation is rather barebones, with only a trailer serving as bonus material, but the transfer looks good and clean. The movie looks better than I've seen it in a while.<br />In short, for the low price Amazon has listed for this item you really can't go wrong if your a King fan, a Romero fan, or just a horror fan. This is one treat of a movie!
B000068PQ0|5.0|genius.  buy the soft bulletin, hit to death on the future head, and clouds taste metallic next.<br />...
0684833395|5.0|As my friends and I entered our AP English class one morning, our teacher handed out a blank page to each of us and asked us each to define \\"war.\\" Little did I know how much that definition, along with my entire view of life , would be changed as soon as I cracked the binding of the novel that we were to start: Catch-22.<br />Heller's timeless novel, though written in the aftermath of World War II (the author, like the novel's protagonist Yossarian, was a bombardier who witnessed the destruction and chaos that war always brings), is so much more than a standard war novel; it has come to define society's outlook on all things modern, including patriotism, humor, individuality, pain and the truly heroic. It tells the beautifully unstructured-structured tale of a young man, Yossarian, grappling with the illogic of morality and self-preservation. The novel is anti-etsblishment in that it asks readers to always consider their actions before giving their blind allegiance (Milo's syndicate, the glorious loyalty oath crusade) to that which is spoon-fed to them. Stark, shocking and profound in its portrayal of its society of men (and, in perhaps its only, exceedingly minor, flaw, only men), Catch-22 draws readers in, keeps them hanging on every word, and never forgets to evoke emotion, moving from humor to pity and fear, realizing the tragedy of life and death.<br />While many have criticized the novel for its non-linear approach, Heller's structure, syntax (including some of the most amazing sentences I think I've ever read) and language prove the man to be a master. The novel loops back upon itself, returning to heartrending scenes, subtly revealing more each time in its use of diction. Snowden's death is the clearest example of such treatment in the work, only fully complete as the book reaches its truly thrilling conclusion (I'm definitely not going to spoil any of the ending by telling you more--just read it!). Catch-22 is a novel that you can't put down, no matter howyou try; characters and storylines all fall into place as you move from the novel's confusion to its own type of enlightenment (particularly in these troubling times)--stick with it, enjoy, learn and take a break from the novel (for I don't think one ever truly \\"leaves\\" it) a better person...you'll thank yourself for it.
B00006F7S4|5.0|one of the top albums of the year.  possibly my favorite beck album.  beautiful.<br />...
0385504209|4.0|i almost didn't buy this book because the back cover made the book sound like it was going to be something i could leave on an airplane, but i got hooked when the blurb mentioned that the hero was a symbologist.  i like symbols. i like art. i bought the book.<br />that night, when my work was finished, i pulled it out to read<br />the first page and i read 125 pages that night.<br />the front of the book is better than the back of the book. the back is good, but the first part is outrageous.  at the back of the book the relationships turn kind of gooey and you can sort of intuit who will be going home with who that night. the hero is too handsome and the woman is too beautiful to be believable. he didn't get the people really right. they don't feel authentic.  the rest of the book is a lot of fun, though, and the information about secret societies and rituals is not only fascinating but apparently factual.<br />when i finished the book, i bought the other books brown has<br />written and none of them are as good as this book.
B00005YXZH|5.0|right up there with yoshimi battles the pink robots and sea change.<br />beautiful album.
B00006AW2F|5.0|FUN FOR COLLECTORS! (IF FOR NO REASON OTHER THAN THE FACT THAT THERE AREN'T MANY (OR ANY) STONES ALBUMS WITH 6 STONES PICTURED ON THE COVER INSTEAD OF 5.)<BR>FUN FOR \\"BRIAN JONES ERA\\" STONES FANATICS! <BR>FUN FOR \\"JIMMY PAGE\\" FANS (SESSION GUITARIST/PRE-LED-ZEPPELIN CAREER)<BR>STANDOUT SONGS & IMPORTANT NOTES:<BR>1. DON'T LIE TO ME (PENNED BY CHUCK BERRY, NOT JAGGER/RICHARDS AS<BR>   NOTED) (CAN'T LIE TO ME!)<BR>2. I'D MUCH RATHER BE WITH THE BOYS (SOUNDS LIKE THEY COULD HAVE<BR>   MEANT \\"THE BEACH BOYS\\")<BR>3. I DON'T KNOW WHY (EXCELLENT COVER OF STEVIE WONDER TUNE)<BR>4. DOWNTOWN SUZIE (EXCELLENT ARGUMENT FOR BILL WYMAN FANS)<BR>5. I'M GOING DOWN (THEIR SIGNATURE 7O'S SOUND) <BR>MAKES A GREAT GIFT IDEA FOR THE STONE'S FAN IN YOUR LIFE.   <BR>(ALSO, IF YOU RUN ALL THE SONG TITLES TOGETHER IT TELLS A STORY:<BR>MEMO FROM TURNER:<BR>I'M GOING DOWN WALKIN' THRU THE SLEEPY CITY with my FAMILY to see DOWNTOWN SUZIE & her JIVING SISTER FANNY (but, I'D MUCH RATHER BE WITH THE BOYS).  IF YOU LET ME TRY A LITTLE HARDER, I DON'T KNOW WHY WE'RE WASTIN' TIME EACH AND EVERY DAY OF THE YEAR<BR>because we're OUT OF TIME! SOMETHINGS JUST STICK IN YOUR MIND, so<BR>DON'T LIE TO ME or you could break this HEART OF STONE.
B00006LLNU|5.0|the music sigur ros puts out is like nothing i've ever heard.  it's achingly beautiful.  they are amazing in concert.  ...
B00008BRDX|5.0|this is a great recording.  I love every track.  I think the humor that stewart copeland brought with the song 'on any other day' was great relief.  I think the humor that SC brought to the police really added a lot to taking away from some of the heavyness that sting sorta dripped out of every pore... don't get me wrong, sting was the brick of this group, but SC really did laugh a lot more than sting and seemed to enjoy fame a bit more.  Sting is happy now, but SC was happy then.  Great CD, every song from MIAB to NTTT is just great stuff.  I particuarly liked the song 'its alright for you' a lot.  Good to crank in a car...
B00003CXA6|4.0|What they included in this movie was exciting and intense.   Unfortunately, what they left out was, in some cases, more important than what they put in.   Three fields of battle (one for each day) were highlighted in this movie: the initial engagement on the Chambersburg Pike, the 20th Maine's repulse of  the Alabamans at the base of Little Round Top, and Pickett's Charge.<br />The exclusions were baffling.  How in the world could a movie calling itself \\"Gettysburg\\" completely ignore the most controversial event of the entire three days?  Dan Sickles' unilateral decision to abandon his position on Little Round Top might as well have never happened.  And since there was no Sickles, there could be no heroics by Warren.  There's a statue of the man on Little Round Top, shouldn't he perhaps be included in the movie?<br />The Peach Orchard and the Wheatfield were only mentioned in passing.  It was said that the Wheatfield was so full of dead soldiers that you could walk across it without touching the ground.  How could this not merit something more than a throw away line by Longstreet (Tom Berenger)?<br />You could argue that the movie was already four hours long, so you had to cut something.  And you would be right.  But the dialogue was populated with too much character development dialogue, speeches, and sermons.  How many times did we have to hear about the Armistead - Hancock friendship before they beat that horse to death?  OK, OK, brother against brother, we get it - move on.  Was it really necessary to show us that Pickett was a raconteur more than once?  Love him or hate him, Dan Sickles' story is far more interesting.<br />Neither the 20th Maine's defense of Little Round Top nor Pickett's Charge would have suffered from some time compression.  Both were excellently done.  But I would have gladly traded one or two Alabama assaults, and a whole bunch of drumming, walking Virginians for something of what transpired at the Peach Orchard and the Wheatfield.<br />I haven't even mentioned the Slaughter Pen and the Valley of Death, Spangler's Spring, Culp's Hill, Cemetery Hill or Custer at the East Cavalry Battlefield.  But then again, the movie didn't much address them either.  To their credit, they did say the words \\"Devil's Den\\" a couple of times.<br />As for historic accuracy, I have to say they were right on.  I used my battlefield tour guidebook as a supplement to understanding the movie, and the flow of the battles depicted agreed to the guidebook.<br />I can't speak for the movie's adherence to \\"Killer Angels\\", having never read the book, but the movie was called \\"Gettysburg\\", which is a wide scope indeed.  Despite these disappointments, I have to say that overall I really do like this movie.
B0000009SF|4.0|this outing is very good.  makes the big band sound swing.  Frank tried to take this on the road but was forced to trim it down to smaller unit.<br />Cleetus Alreets.. is a great song.  I love it, although it sounds like it could be the theme song for a t.v. show in the 70's from time to time.. great stuff.<br />I do recall that this CD made it into a 100 greatest jazz recordings of all time... forget the author and the name of the book, but for grins and giggles I looked to see if this cd made it, and it did.
B000002KDO|5.0|This is gospel music for people who CAN handle the truth. Aside from Sweet Leaf, groups like P.O.D. or Creed could sing these songs to their crowds with no changes to the lyrics. And yet this is Sabbath at its darkest and deadliest. Tony and the boys are stomping through black holes of tar while Ozzy is wailing like the freak we all know him to be. There is no stopping the Master of Reality. Check back with Amazon in 50 years, this soundstorm will still be here.
B00005YUNY|5.0|I never bought a cd of YES LIVE in concert mostly due to the horrid reviews that they have been given on sites much like amazon.com.  Most had nothing to do with the music, it was just horrid editing.  I saw this tour (and have seen Yes every tour since 96, and once in 89) so I decided that I would take a chance that they would not botch the editing and would learn from all the mistakes of the past.<br />I am telling you that they learned from the mistakes, most likely due to the voice of the masses.<br />This show is done very well.  The song AND YOU AND I is just incredible and as far as I am concerned the song that fits perfectly with an orchestra... acutally, it sounds better this way.  The other songs sound good with the orchestra, but AND YOU AND I sounds perfect.  This song, when I saw them with the orchestra, made the hair stand up on my arm (when people would be quiet that is, the atlanta show was really a quiet concert)<br />Get this if you have all the [bad]former DVD releases.  And if you have been wiating, like me, for a good release.  This is it.
B000096I9G|5.0|I was waiting for a long time for a live The Cure DVD, and I used to thought that maybe someday the \\"Show\\" or \\"In Orange\\" concerts will be remastered in this format. But, to my surprise, these guys released something that I never expected to see in my life: the Pornography-Disintegration-Bloodflowers albums recorded live in an awesome 2 DVD set filmed in Berlin in late 2002.<br />The picture quality is perfect, great shots, excellent audio and incredible performances in all of the three sets. My favorite one is definitely the \\"Bloodflowers\\" set in which the guys really gave them selfs on stage. Of course the \\"Pornography\\" and \\"Disintegration\\" sets are also brilliant, but the \\"Bloodflowers\\" set is simply outstanding.....just give a try to \\"Watching me Fall\\" or the opening \\"Out of this world\\" to understand what I mean.<br />It is so exciting to see Perry Bamonte now as the lead melodic guitar player of the band, I remember when Porl Thompson used to teach him to play \\"Never enough\\" in the \\"Play out\\" VHS..... but now Perry is taking all the job on his own in such a way that you can't even notice the abscence of Porl.<br />It is also a great job the one of Jason in the drums, specially by playing all those parts that Boris used to play for the \\"Disintegration\\" album......and Roger is definetely \\"the man\\" playing keyboards for the band. Simon's bass playing stills being the heart of the band, and of course, Robert Smith stills being the band itself.<br />I was so happy to notice that there were mexican flags in the first rows of the show!!<br />In summary, this is a must have DVD set for all those Cure fans or music passionates......it's SIMPLY ELEGANT!
B000089RVX|5.0|One word can describe &quot;Fallen&quot; and that is awesome.  From the music to the lyrics, everything is perfect.  I related this CD to The Phantom of the Opera (phantom phans know what I'm talking about).  This CD relates to dark love which is mixed in with head banging music... Buy this CD it is worth every penny!!
B000096I9G|5.0|I was waiting for a long time for a live The Cure DVD, and I used to thought that maybe someday the \\"Show\\" or \\"In Orange\\" concerts will be remastered in this format. But, to my surprise, these guys released something that I never expected to see in my life: the ...-Disintegration-Bloodflowers albums recorded live in an awesome 2 DVD set filmed in Berlin in late 2002.<br />The picture quality is perfect, great shots, excellent audio and incredible performances in all of the three sets. My favorite one is definitely the \\"Bloodflowers\\" set in which the guys really gave them selfs on stage. Of course the \\"...\\" and \\"Disintegration\\" sets are also brilliant, but the \\"Bloodflowers\\" set is simply outstanding.....just give a try to \\"Watching me Fall\\" or the opening \\"Out of this world\\" to understand what I mean.<br />It is so exciting to see Perry Bamonte now as the lead melodic guitar player of the band, I remember when Porl Thompson used to teach him to play \\"Never enough\\" in the \\"Play out\\" VHS..... but now Perry is taking all the job on his own in such a way that you can't even notice the abscence of Porl.<br />It is also a great job the one of Jason in the drums, specially by playing all those parts that Boris used to play for the \\"Disintegration\\" album......and Roger is definetely \\"the man\\" playing keyboards for the band. Simon's bass playing stills being the heart of the band, and of course, Robert Smith stills being the band itself.<br />I was so happy to notice that there were mexican flags in the first rows of the show!!!....<br />I wish so badly to see The Cure performing live. I've been waiting 100 years for it! <BR>Please come to Mexico City!! There are THOUSANDS of cure fans waiting for you since the Monterrey show!! <br />In summary, this is a must have DVD set for all those Cure fans or music passionates......it's SIMPLY ELEGANT!
1400034779|5.0|I picked this little tome up at Sam's and have now ordered the rest of Alexander McCall Smith's books on amazon.com, eager to keep reading.  <br />What a pleasant surprise, Mma Ramotswe is!  And such a treasure with her choice of life as a lady detective in Botswana, of all places!  And how poignant the tale of this mid-thirties lady of size, a fat lady at that.  And how beautiful this tale of her life, her father, her heritage, her love for her country, of Africa.<br />There is humor here, surprising and refreshing morality, quiet strength and beauty in humanity.  There is acceptance of one's ways, customs, nature, life, and a peaceful existence with the curious little adventures via a quiet detective style for a change.<br />This book is a feel good and make you smile book, a book to refresh one's hope in mankind and in the serenity of a culture much slower and calmer and more at peace with itself.  <br />The curious manner of business, complete with bush tea, or coffee on the verandah of the President's Hotel, or a journey in a little white van, with politeness and strength from an African woman who knows who she is and is proud of it, this is a detective as special as any Mrs. Marple:  delight awaits you in these pages.  <br />If you like the PBS series of Hettie Winthrop's detective agency, Precious Ramotswe will be right up your alley, leaving you smiling and ready for more.  Only this time take a trip to Africa and immerse yourself in another world.
B00000IPAX|5.0|Its a sad truth, but how many albums of any variety can you honestly say are playable from track 1 to the end?  Not nearly enough of my own collection, and this is perhaps why Enema of the State is one of my favorite pop-punk albums ever made.  Lyrically, it's a much deeper album than might be assumed from the antics of the band-members (and maybe the album cover as well) but repeat listenings will uncover songs that we all, at one time or another, can completely relate to.  Catchy hooks, stronger harmonies than previous works and a well-harnessed angst for the pains of growing up are what make this album a regular beginning to end spinner in my CD player.  If you are a punk fan that leans towards the more accessible side of the genre, then why don't you own this album yet?
0151008116|5.0|What an interesting book! A story of spiritual development, physical survival and spiritual survival. Very interesting insights into zoology, hierarchy of beasts and the spirituality of man. Not just another &quot;lost at sea&quot; story but one that probes towards each of our &quot;lost souls&quot; within our own spiritual adventures. The story within the story within the story structure was done very well and was refreshing rather than confusing or contrived and was effective in its attempt to support the &quot;factual&quot; within the fiction. Although certainly not difficult reading, this book is worth re-reading a couple times to fully capture the parallels in Pi Patel's physical and spiritual survival. The writer did a wonderful job balancing these heavy metaphysical concepts. Pi being the magical numeric foundation of all circles is but one of perhaps many very interesting themes just below the surface of this great novel. I highly recommend that you bring this into your own circle of experience. Enjoy!
B00008PX8P|5.0|While people may complain of the visuals or even the sound at certain parts of the DVD, they would kid themselves out of being a real or even just a regular old Zeppelin fan.  Most of the footage taken from the first concert was bootleg film.  However all it does is make it look even more real.  Put this DVD on with nice DTS sound system and you'll instintly be in love and feel like you're at the concert.<BR>Just seeing the style changes is worth it, going from 1970 to 1979, the band changed so much, and yet managed to stay so similiar.  This DVD is a must have for anyone music fan who enjoys concerts.  If you're a Zeppelin fan at all, it has to be in you're collection.  <br />This is by far one of the greatest concert DVD's that will ever be released... hands down.
0688170528|1.0|This was my first Jodi Picoult book and quite possibly my last.  I found the first few chapters interesting enough to continue, but the book just seemed to drag on and on and on....  <BR>In the end to propose the idea that a 17 year old boy would make a decision to assist his girlfriend with suicide is outrageous to say the least.  The author suggests to the reader that he loved her enough to end her pain.  You call that love? I call that stupidity.  If as a reader you aren't aware that suicide is the &quot;easy&quot; way out, you surely aren't going to be corrected by Jody Picoult. I pray no one ever loves me the way Chris loved Emily, I'd rather have a man willing to call the suicide hotline any day. She wants us to believe that in a vivid stretch of the imagination it is beautiful.  Please. She can't be serious.<BR>This sappy little so called love story had me wishing I hadn't wasted my time or money.
B00008H2LB|5.0|I totally recommend everyone this album. It has great songs that are so each unique in their own way. From Chester's screeching vocals to Mike's tight raps, from Phoenix's phat bass sounds to Brad's complex guitar riffs, from Rob's awesome beats to Mr. Hahn's intricate scratching. This is one album that you have got to get your hands on. If you liked Hybrid Theory, you love this one too. BUY IT!!!
B00000J6AG|5.0|Moby is absolutely amazing. The way he can do all this work all by himself is stunning. This album takes the Techno rule book and tosses it out the window.
B00008DDSC|4.0|Let me say at the outset that I disagree with one of the \\"points\\" of this film (ie, that the D/s lifestyle is as \\"normal\\" as any other), but nevertheless Secretary is an excellent, excellent film that works on several levels.  On perhaps the most accessible level, it's quite a great love story and a great coming-of-age story ... it works very well on both levels, and the direction, acting, frankly the entire thing draws the viewer in and does not disappoint.  Maggie Gyllenhaal's Lee Holloway is an irresistably quirky character, expertly portrayed, while James Spaeder is nearly perfect as the up-tight control freak that is E. Edward Grey, Esq.  Just on this level alone, the film is a great success.<br />Going one level deeper, the film is also brilliantly succesful in portraying what it is like to be in one of these D/s relationships -- what it looks like from the psychological or psychosexual point of view.  The film isn't really about \\"S&M\\", in my opinion, because while Lee Holloway starts the film as a masochist (and a self-destructive one), she progresses through the film to find herself in her submission ... she moves beyond her masochism to discover her submission and finds herself there.  Spaeder's character displays no real sadism per se, but much dominance and controlling.  So what we have here isn't really \\"S&M\\" but \\"D/s\\".  In any case, the film really portrays the mindset of folks who engage in this kind of activity, particularly from the perspective of the submissive partner, as the film is done essentially from the point of view of Lee Holloway.  It also very well explains how the submissive partner can nevertheless be a powerful -- perhaps the more powerful -- partner in a D/s relationship.<br />Where I parted ways with this excellent film was with its conclusion to the effect that this activity is simply another version of \\"normal\\".  Having lived through relationships like this personally, I couldn't disagree more with this statement.  Almost everyonewho engages in this activity has \\"issues\\" of one kind or other, and it is these issues that create the need, or the perceived need, to engage in this kind of activity.  Rather than catering to these perceived needs, and ignoring where they come from, another approach is to focus on the roots of them, and try to understand whether they are authentically a part of the intrinsic person or whether they are simply a reaction to things that have \\"happened\\" to the person.  In my personal opinion, what would have made the film much better than it already was would have been an exploration of the background of the two main characters, and what elements in that background contributed to their perceived needs to engage in this activity.  The film was very much against that approach ... if you listen to the director/writer commentary track, they specifically say that they did not want to give too much detail about Lee Holloway's pre-film life because they dodn't want the viewer to conclude \\"she's this way because of 'x'\\", but in my own personal experience this is very much the case, and the fact that the film consciously ignored that was troubling.  We do get snippets of a troubled home life for Lee, the alcoholic father and the suicide attempt, and you can start to piece together the need for a father figure, etc., but that's only if you have some experience dealing with people who engage in this activity.  If you don't, you're left holding the bag, which is where the directors want you to be.  And as for the Spaeder character, there is almost no background at all as to why he feels the need to control (which the film does a great job portraying).  An even better love story than Grey and Holloway finding each other through dominance and submission would have been Grey and Holloway progressing through that stage to discover the woundedness of each other that led them to the D/s lifestyle and healing each other beyond that stage through love.  But the director and writer would have been vehemently opposed to this, judging from their commentary on the film.<br />In short, the film is an excellent portrayal of what it is like to be in a D/s relationship, particularly from the \\"s\\" point of view.  It doesn't, however, go the extra mile and try to explain how people find themselves having these needs, because the film consciously doesn't want to go there, and that is disappointing.  Nevertheless, a worthy film on many levels and well worth watching.
B00000J8EK|5.0|This is one of the best Chemical Brothers CDs I have heard. I didn't like Under The Influence or Dream On when I heard them. But now I love them and the other songs songs on this brilloant album. It is impossible, im-possible to sit still for these 11 songs especially Hey Boy Hey Girl, Out Of Control, Music: Response, Under The Influence, Got Glint? and The Sunshine Underground.
B00003CXSP|1.0|The book was great, but they had to twist the story all around in the movie.  Why?  This movie is not even close to the Silence adaptation.
B00005U1YO|5.0|ALL of the songs are amazing and leave you begging on your hands and knees for more. This songs takes you where only your wild imagination can!
B00005JKZV|5.0|This is by far one of the best movies I have ever seen. The action, the story, everything about this movie is perfect. This movie makes me want to actually pick up the book and start reading. The casting, the effects, the costumes, Gollum, all excellent work. The Battle of Helms Deep was the best medieval type action sequence I have ever seen. After seeing this and The Fellowship, I can only imagine what the Return of the King holds in store. I also hope that in a few years they might decide to make a prequel to it with the Hobbit. In all i would definitley reccomend this to people of all ages.
B0000029GA|5.0|Nas' all-time classic debut will go down as one of the most important records in the hip-hop genre of all time. Who cares if it 9 songs? &quot;The Genesis&quot; is an intro, but with a banging beat which makes it a perfect start for the album, it puts you in the perfect mood. 9 songs of perfection. No doubt, Nas will never reach this level again, but on the positive side, he actually has put out a few good albums lately, meaning &quot;Stillmatic&quot; and &quot;The Lost Tapes&quot;. But this stands as his best all alone. I don't see how anyone can complain about the production, I mean it's hip-hop, DJ Premier (producing 3 of the cuts), The Large Professor (producing 3 of them), L.E.S., Pete Rock, and Q-Tip made some dope beats with Nas' spittin' his rhymes his own way, with influence from Rakim. The people who has called this overrated simply doesn't understand the album. Listen for yourself closely, while reading the lyrics, and just relax and feel the beats. It's hard to choose a favorite track but it's probarly &quot;Halftime&quot; or &quot;Memory Lane (Sittin' In Da Park)&quot;. Simply amazing. Slept on this? Time to wake up! Classic!
B00005JKPF|4.0|Overall this movie was a pretty good. It had no doubt great effects and a good plot. The reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because there was too much talking. In my opinion the talking should have been left to the first move, to explain more about the background of the original X-Men, not just Wolverine and Rogue. I was also dissapointed because it didn't show Beast or Gambit, and showed very little of some mutants like Colossus. Beast was shown breifly in a bar seen on TV but he wasn't mutated yet. But I would definitely reccomend people to see this, but for those of you who are unfamiliar with X-men, then you might want to get a little bit of an education first because the talk in this movie gives no background on anyone.
0812550706|5.0|I loved this book. It was so fast paced that I couldn't put it down. Ender's adolescence is covered in about 500pp. He's pretty well-drawn. True, his dialogue is very adult. But you sort of want it to be, because he's supposed to be the brightest of the brightest. Is there any other way for smart people to talk? Some of the trials Card puts him through don't sound that challenging (he's sort of the class nerd, deliberately manipulated into that position by the authorities), but he does conquer that computer program in the end which no one else has been able to. There's also some pretty nifty lit-theory for lit-theory types. At the time this book was published the idea that simulation was even better than the real thing was percolating. And I don't want to spoil the ending, but Card sort of says the same thing. (I don't know if he intended it though.) There's also a neat act of political correctness (which he will despise me for pointing out, but it's there), namely that the alien &quot;buggers&quot; turn out to be sympathetic in the end. Is Card saying sodomy can be acceptable if done right?<br />My one complaint with this book is that it's not a stand-alone. It's actually part of a four volume set in a multivolume universe. There is nothing that a writer like Card cannot accomplish in one book of 500pp. that he can accomplish in a series of 2000pp. Please keep that in mind, Tor Books.
B00009RDG9|1.0|This film evokes many questions and offers few answers. For instance:<br />1)If the Deltoro character was supposed to be working in in a operational free float, why was he awarded a silver star at the beginning of the movie--an action requiring reams of documentation to accomplish?<br />2)How much longer does Hollywood think we, the ticket buyers and dvd renters of the globe, will buy the B.S. of seeing trackers getting their man with a few loving carreseses of a foot print or broken twig? <br />3)Why did the talented Deltoro model his performance of the chicken loving psycho on Michael Jackson?<br />4)How does a guy (super soldier or not) who's been awake for days and has the FBI the CIA AND the twig stroker hot on his tail manage to FORGE a knife out of a leaf spring in ten minutes--a feat a well rested custom knife maker with all the right tools would take at least week to accomplish?<br />4) What's the Abraham reference all about? God didn't let Abe actually go THROUGH with it!<br />5.)Is it possible that there was more to the plot that was hacked out because it made the CIA look even more amoral than it looked in the final cut which producers didn't think would be patriotic given the war in Iraq--that perhaps its inanity was due to this cutting?<br />...
0812548094|4.0|After picking up Wizard's First Rule and finishing it in under a week, I quickly ran out and purchased this. It leaves off where the first one did, and does it seamlessly. I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys fantasy novels, I now do.
038572179X|5.0|After much hype about this novel, I was hesitant in reading it.  However, that hestitation was misguided as it was one of the better novels I have read for awhile.  For me, \\"Atonement\\" started off as a kaleidoscope of sorts, where the situation is the same, but everyone's point of view is tainted by their experience (or in Briony's case, lack thereof).  McEwan combines a picturesque mirage with a sort of \\"Catch 22\\" absurdity in the second chapter. The unreliable narrative flows very well.  At the end, you end up wondering if the novel is the figment of Briony's imagination, starting from page 1.
0894803123|5.0|Fills a wonderful niche in the cookbook collection. I've been making ice cream for 17 years at home, with a 5 quart machine that works well. I've used a number of recipes and have lended the book out, all have loved it. Ice cream comes out great! And there it is very complete. A no brainer if you make ice cream, and no need to have any other ice cream book. The stories about B and J's company origin are fun to read.
B000092ZYX|5.0|While I remain partial to &quot;OK Computer&quot; as Radiohead's best CD, &quot;Hail to the Thief&quot; certainly runs a close second.<br />The main reason this CD works on so many levels is not only the great instrumental talent of the band, or even the fact that the lyrics are some of the most advanced you'll hear on any disc this year (or most years, for that matter).  No, the main reason is Thom Yorke's voice, which is within itself one of the most powerful and evocative forces in rock and roll.  Slip on the headphones and listen to how far Yorke's voice can reach, the emotional impact is has, and how it serves as a compliment to all of the other musical elements.<br />No other band will produce a CD this year that even approaches the brilliance of &quot;Hail to the Thief.&quot;  Radiohead remains in a class by itself, and they show no signs of relinquishing their title as the best band in rock and roll.  Like the Beatles and Pink Floyd before them, these British rockers create the pattern that others try to emulate.  But no one does it better than these guys.
B000089RVX|4.0|What if My Dying Bride (The angel and the dark river days), Opeth, Lacuna Coil, or Katatonia added a little pinch of nu-metal into their sound?  This is what you would get.  The vocalist reminds me so much of Lacuna Coil's.  At first I thought it was Cristina Scabbia singing.  This is the most beautiful mainstream metal I have ever heard.  Usually I shy away from mainstream acts, but after hearing the vocals and melodies to this more and more it became way catchy.  I have to say this is excellent stuff and it really puts you in a mood when you are having a bad day.  Just like all doom metal does.
6303234844|5.0|I have both the DVD and the VHS of this incredible concert, a show I now deeply regret missing.  While the overall quality and clarity of sound is superior on the remastered DVD, I have to say that I like Peter's vocals much better on the original VHS version.  They are more natural, more &quot;live&quot; and far less processed.  There is no sense that you are listening to overdubs.  I don't know why Peter felt the need to improve on his impassioned performance in the first place.  He is one of those rare artists whose voice is as amazing live as in the studio.  That said, this is one of the most moving and uplifting concerts I have ever seen.  Watching the band's childlike joy during 'Solisbury Hill' will never cease to put a smile on my face.
7119024086|3.0|Please note that this is a bilingual edition, with ***simplified*** Chinese characters. Amazon does a poor job at identifying which Chinese script is used. They don't appear to be aware that many people read only one or the other. I hope you'll join me in complaining to them about this.
B000092ZYX|5.0|I had to listen to this a few times before I could really tell, but this is definitely a beautiful album. I now cant stop listening to it and my favorite song right now is Sail to the Moon. I dont understand the people that say that this is pseudo-intellectual etc etc. Its beautiful and lovely.
0385504209|5.0|This book was fascinating from page one. I have read a LOT of books, and this is definitely on my top 10 of all time.
1858286999|3.0|read carefully... there is is good info in there somewhere...  other wise you will end up wandering the red light district of hiroshima for a bar that does not exist
B000002UW1|4.0|This album is probably the most accessible and recognizable of REM's \\"hard 80s rock\\" trilogy (Life's Rich Pageant, Document, and Green). During this period, REM cleared all the murk out of their sound and made some very radio-friendly, straightforward rock music. Most of the songs here are mid-tempo numbers (excluding \\"End of the World\\") and while being pleasant enough to listen to as background music, they lack the unique spark that fueled previous and subsequent albums. Here's a track-by-track analysis:<br />1) Finest Worksong -- \\"Tough\\"-sounding opener. Plodding pace, conventional guitars.  Sounds like a parody of a propoganda tune.<br />2) Welcome to the Occupation -- An improvement over #1, sounds a bit Neil Youngish. Although the US references are all implied, the lyrics still may not fly well with the patriotic types, especially during the present times. Not too shabby.<br />3) Exhuming McCarthy -- This song lacks a real chorus which makes it sound like a stream-of-consciousness rant.  It takes a little while to develop but grows on you.<br />4) Disturbance at the Heron House -- Nice country-ish guitar hook carries this song.<br />5) Strange -- Attempt to \\"rock out\\" with a cover of an old punk tune.  Pretty well done, keeps your foot stomping.<br />6) End of the World -- Probably the best song on the CD. High energy and emotion, even if the verses don't appear to make sense. <br />7) One I Love -- Another very fine tune with a good \\"western\\" feel. The cry of \\"Fire\\" is a chilling climax.<br />8) Fireplace -- Maligned by fans but I like it because of the cool sax solo at the end.  <br />9) Lightnin' Hopkins -- Fun little novelty act. Takes the edge off the earlier political ramblings.<br />10) King of Birds -- Well done ballad with excellent sitar work by Peter Buck.<br />11) Oddfellows Local 151 -- Slow closer that takes time to develop but is ultimately compelling.<br />This is a very consistent CD with pretty much the same mood and tempo throughout.  It's anREM album you can play around people who have very conventional tastes in music.
B00005JLEU|4.0|This movie reminded me of a slightly more manic version of Alice in Wonderland. The viewer is introduced to a world that is devoid of logic. As I watched on, I felt like a child entering a circus for the first time. Everything was new, colourful, bizarre and exciting. This is probabily the reason why I liked this movie so much. It's as if I had kalidoscope eyes. I like movies that take me away from reality and this one did it for me. To their credit, the animators were able to capitalize on the medium by creating scenes and elements that would be difficult if not impossibe to create with real actors. Saying that, I thought &quot;The adventures of baron munchausen&quot; was quite successful in acheiving that. I have a feeling that this movie would appeal more to adults than kids because it restores some sense of imagination that we lost while we grew up.
B00005JLSC|5.0|The movie Chicago has it all. Music, Dancing, Sexiness and Style. I watched the movie in theatres hoping that it will exceed my expectations and it did...a lot. The movie has many sleek and cool musical numbers, that have just the right amount of 'punch' that it never gets boring. When the music came on right in the beginning (5,6,7,8) I knew that I was in for a good long ride.<br />The performances given by Catherine Zeta-Jones, Renee Zellwegger, Queen Latifah and Richard Gere are perfect! With Catherine standing out a little bit more, because of her musical background (she deserved the Oscar). Her opening act of 'All That Jazz' was flawless, and really got you in the movie. Her vocal tone is very strong and her dancing was right on the money! She's incredible. Renee Zellwegger's 'Roxie' performance and number is prestine, complete with mirrors and dancers behind her. She got those notes right up the there, with that moment being her's all the way. Queen Latifah gave her role of Miss. Mama Morton a bit hit, with her tough talking fast attitude performance that was a complete scene stealer. And finally, Richard Gere's tap-dancing interlude is a knockout with him doing all the tapping himself. I was left speechless.<br />The Cinematography and Art Direction of this film is completely right out there. Though, maybe not as big as Moulin Rouge, (another musical that I love) It was completely accepted. The difference between Moulin Rouge and Chicago is that Moulin Rouge has a bigger scale that covered a lot of the Big Paris Landscape of 1899. While Chicago is more intimate and set in a bar like atmosphere that feels very musky and dark. I liked it :)<br />Anyway, the movie is AMAZING! (as you all might have guessed) There are plenty of musical numbers that shows off Rob Marshall's Exceptional Choreography and Direction in this film. He took his dream of making Chicago a film, and he did it, giving him enormous amounts of awards and critical acclaim. Very surprising to know that this was his first film, and with that amount of success, we know we'll see a lot more of him in the near future. Great Work Rob!!<br />The Musical Numbers in this film are all too much and all too good, but the one's that stood out was: All That Jazz, Cell Block Tango, Mr. Cellophane, Roxie, We Both Reached For The Gun, When Your Good To Mama and Nowadays(Finale). Those numbers were cool, then again all of them were! I love the script with many quick back to back dialogue that is fast and right up to the point.<br />Chicago Is a film that Is another hit at the big musical genre that is now coming back. So check this movie out and you'll see what Chicago has up it's sleeve.
0399230033|4.0|A cute and simple book to read that really inspires imagination in children!
1577311523|5.0|There are only a few books I've read in my life that I classify as soul food. Those books that reach down deep inside of you, and, if you let it, alter your life for the better.  This book reminds me of the book, The Little Guide To Happiness.  It has the same kind of warm tones to it.  Lovely book.
B000093BDX|4.0|great cd, but how could they leave out.....little honda and catch a wave ? charles manson would be even madder at dennis wilson if he finds this out.
B000089RVX|5.0|First, If you bashed this album, you haven't given it enough time. Try to listen to it a few more times.<br />Second, this very well might be the album of the year... I'll place money on it hitting a nod or two for the upcoming Grammy's<br />While I am not a professional writer/critic, what I can tell you is that if you like rock music, you will LOVE this album.  This band uses haunting melodies and straight guitar rock riffs to it's best and then proceedes to twist it up with some great unique harmonies.  Amy Lee is a fantastic singer, and if/when you see them live you will agree. There is nothing here she doesn't pull of strongly/sing as well on stage (minus studio effects), and her haunting ballads with just her and a piano are truly amazing.  <br />There is a lot of depth to this album, and while there are several acts out there that are in the same scope as Evanescene, they truly set themselves apart in giving us a total package instead of the hit or miss.  From the beginning of Going Under to the Rock/Gothic/Metal themes of Bring Me To Life, Haunted and Tourniquet there is enouigh substance to emplore a third, fifth, and even 30th replay.  Ben Moody fills each song with strong, sound writing and Amy Lee finishes it all of with some amazing vocals.  <br />There are several acts out there that have released subpar albums this year, but this is anything but subpar. I look forward to watching this band grow up. Barring a turn for the worse, Evanescence definately could steal the limelight for some time to come.
B00005RHGL|4.0|Tombstone is the retelling of Wyatt Earp and his involvement in the city before and after the famous gunfight at the O.K. Corral.  The movie begins with Earp trying to start over and forget his past in the mining town of Tombstone.  The Cowboy gang holds a stranglehold on the town that cannot be broken.  Before long, Earp and his two brothers must strap on their guns once again to clean things up.  This may be a familiar story, but it is anything but.  An impressive cast, excellent action, and even some humor makes this western fully enjoyable.<br /> While Kurt Russell is excellent as Marshal Wyatt Earp, Val Kilmer steals the show as dying gunman Doc Holliday.  His performance is truly great and should have earned him an Academy Award for his performance.  Even as tuberculosis takes its toll on him, he remains the same hard drinking, card playing gunfighter that he always was.  The relationship between the two men is fully believable and one of the better points of the movie.  Michael Biehn and Powers Boothe are also excellent as Johnny Ringo and Curley Bill, the leaders of the Cowboy gang.  The fantastic supporting cast includes Dana Delaney, Sam Elliott, Bill Paxton, Stephen Lang, Charlton Heston, Jason Priestley, Robert Burke, Joanna Pacula, Michael Rooker, and Billy Zane.  As well, look for old western star Harry Carey JR as the marshal of Tombstone.  The Vista Series DVD is loaded full of extras which are all very good.  The best may be the deleted scenes that are included.  At times during the movie, it seems a bit choppy with editing, but the movie is still very good.  For fans of westerns check out this action-filled western!
B00005MAM2|3.0|THIS MOVIE MAKES NO SENSE AT ALL, FIRST THERE GONNA DO ONE THING AND THEN TALKING ABOUT ANOTHER, MY HEAD WAS SPINNING, BUT I GAVE IT 3 STARS BECAUSE THE AMOUNT OF BLOOD AND VIOLENCE THIS MOVIE HAD WAS UNBELEIVABLE IVE NEVER SEEN SO MUCH BLOOD IN A JAP ANIME CARTOON BEFORE IN MY LIFE, BUT IF YOU LIKE A MOVIE THAT HAS EXTREME VIOLENCE AND BLOOD AND DONT CARE WAT THE STORY IS ABOUT THIS MOVIE IS PERFECT.
B000069AUI|5.0|As a very big fan of Coldplay, most likely I'm expected to say that yes, this cd, is the thing to hit us in a long time. And guess what? It is! It is a fantastic cd, that everyone must take a listen to. It is very different from its older brother, that of course is, &quot;Parachutes.&quot; From its sweet and delicate ballads to its rock track. This cd offer great music! An excellent cd, that makes me listen to it more and more. Great lyrics, great, simple music!
B00003CXSM|5.0|This is Jennifer Lopez's best movie! It's so silly and fun, I can watch it over and over again! One of the best movies ever!
B000068IEU|4.0|Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! O.K. what kind of movie is this? It does not get any more disturbing then this movie, i just watched it last night. This movie is SICK!!! What really makes it bad is how realistic it is, those poor girls. These convicts are just the scum of the earth and in my opinion they got of easy at the end of the film. Great performances all the way around, their is not a weak performance in the movie. Krug, the convict leader is especially evil and vicious. His girl friend is also convincing as a disgusting, heartless, killer. The two teenaged girls also play their parts extreemly well, especially the daughter of the older couple. This movie gave me bad dreams and was way more unsetteling than Nightmare on Elm Street or Friday the 13th because the monsters in this movie were just human beings. These girls were so naive and foolish, (Message to everyone reading, when buying drugs from strangers never, NEVER, follow them anywhere to get it. Wait for them to come back with the drugs, stay in a public place. If anyone does try to convince you to go with them someplace to buy drugs, they are trying to set you up to be robbed or worse, immediatly break of communication with them and get away! Believe me I know about these things.) they were in over their heads, they were just kids even though they might have looked like women. The rape and pyschological torture scenes were beyond the beyond, espeically the one in the woods where the girls were made to have sex with each other. Both girls were brave in different ways, and the daughter of the older couple was even able to make these cold blooded, remorseless convicts feel guilty about what they had done, she shamed them with her purity in comparison to their filth. That scene is the best scene in the movie. The convicts get their just deserts I suppose but it does not make up for what the parents lost. The bumbling cops were the perfect compliament, tottaly inept, their foolish mishandling of the situation cost thegirls their lives. I read a lot of reviews where people complained about these scense, claiming that they did not understand why these \\"comic\\" scenes were in the movie, Craven should not have tried to be \\"funny\\". Instead he should have concentrated more on the terror. Either these people are retarded or have no sense of irony. The scenes with the cops were in no way intended to be funny at all, they were meant to illustrate how stupid the police were and how badly they handled the situation. The happy, slapstick music and the banter between the Sherieff and the Deputy was meant to demonstrate the juvinille, country bumpkin, absurd mindstate of the police. They did not take the situation serioulsy and that is why the scenes with them are not serious. It is meant as a contrast to the horror of what is happening to the teenaged girl in the woods. While the cops are goofing of and teasing each other innocent lives are being lost. I also liked the happy music Craven used, it contrasted perfectly with the dead serious situation of the abuse of the girls in the woods and made it even more disturbing. The music hightened the tension of the film and made the viewer really feel the horror of the situation even more. This movie is BAD, BAD, BAD, BAD, BAD!!!! But not bad as in low quality, bad as in EVIL!!!  The music during the credits was really distrubing. This movie seems like it was from hell or something, I dont know, this movie got to me and that is hard to do. I have seen \\"I Spit On Your Grave\\" but that was just basically well acted rape porn with a revenge twist. I dont know what this movie is, I do not know how to label or define it, it defies classification. It is not horror, drama, action, it is just EVIL. Some reviwers gave this movie bad reviews because they said it was badly acted and directed, to me that sounds like a pyschological defense mechanism to avoid the emotional truama this movie induces on the viwer. I can understand why someone would hate this move,espically women, and feel that it never should have been made. But I do not think anyone that is being honest with themselves can flippanlty disregard it and claim that it had no impact on them, that it was \\"funny\\". Only really, really, sick people would think this movie was funny. This movie is CRAZY! You cannot make movies like this anymore in America, only in the 1970s where directors truly free to really push the limits. This is by far Craven's best film, better than Scream or anything else he has ever made. This movie has an R rating, they must have bribed someone to get that. This movie was edited, I know their are scenes of violence and rape that were cut, especially the scene in the woods. Does anyone know if their is an unrated version of this film?
B00005JLRT|5.0|This movie by far is the best featuring the TNG cast.  I am a little surprised at some of the negative comments.  The action sequences were phenomenal and the story line was very good.  I highly recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys actions/sci-fi movies, regardless if you are a Trekkie or not.  This was also much better than the last Star Wars movies to come out.  Too bad its probably the last.
B000068IEU|4.0|Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! O.K. what kind of movie is this? It does not get any more disturbing then this movie, i just watched it last night. This movie is SICK!!! What really makes it bad is how realistic it is, those poor girls. These convicts are just the scum of the earth and in my opinion they got of easy at the end of the film. Great performances all the way around, their is not a weak performance in the movie. Krug, the convict leader is especially evil and vicious. His girl friend is also convincing as a disgusting, heartless, killer. The two teenaged girls also play their parts extreemly well, especially the daughter of the older couple. This movie gave me bad dreams and was way more unsetteling than Nightmare on Elm Street or Friday the 13th because the monsters in this movie were just human beings. These girls were so naive and foolish, (Message to everyone reading, when buying drugs from strangers never, NEVER, follow them anywhere to get it. Wait for them to come back with the drugs, stay in a public place. If anyone does try to convince you to go with them someplace to buy drugs, they are trying to set you up to be robbed or worse, immediatly break of communication with them and get away! Believe me I know about these things.) they were in over their heads, they were just kids even though they might have looked like women. The rape and pyschological torture scenes were beyond the beyond, espeically the one in the woods where the girls were made to have sex with each other. Both girls were brave in different ways, and the daughter of the older couple was even able to make these cold blooded, remorseless convicts feel guilty about what they had done, she shamed them with her purity in comparison to their filth. That scene is the best scene in the movie. The convicts get their just deserts I suppose but it does not make up for what the parents lost. The bumbling cops were the perfect compliament, tottaly inept, their foolish mishandling of the situation cost thegirls their lives. I read a lot of reviews where people complained about these scense, claiming that they did not understand why these \\"comic\\" scenes were in the movie, Craven should not have tried to be \\"funny\\". Instead he should have concentrated more on the terror. Either these people are retarded or have no sense of irony. The scenes with the cops were in no way intended to be funny at all, they were meant to illustrate how stupid the police were and how badly they handled the situation. The happy, slapstick music and the banter between the Sherieff and the Deputy was meant to demonstrate the juvinille, country bumpkin, absurd mindstate of the police. They did not take the situation serioulsy and that is why the scenes with them are not serious. It is meant as a contrast to the horror of what is happening to the teenaged girl in the woods. While the cops are goofing of and teasing each other innocent lives are being lost. I also liked the happy music Craven used, it contrasted perfectly with the dead serious situation of the abuse of the girls in the woods and made it even more disturbing. The music hightened the tension of the film and made the viewer really feel the horror of the situation even more. This movie is BAD, BAD, BAD, BAD, BAD!!!! But not bad as in low quality, bad as in EVIL!!!  The music during the credits was really distrubing. This movie seems like it was from hell or something, I dont know, this movie got to me and that is hard to do. I have seen \\"I Spit On Your Grave\\" but that was just basically well acted rape porn with a revenge twist. I dont know what this movie is, I do not know how to label or define it, it defies classification. It is not horror, drama, action, it is just EVIL. Some reviwers gave this movie bad reviews because they said it was badly acted and directed, to me that sounds like a pyschological defense mechanism to avoid the emotional truama this movie induces on the viwer. I can understand why someone would hate this move,espically women, and feel that it never should have been made. But I do not think anyone that is being honest with themselves can flippanlty disregard it and claim that it had no impact on them, that it was \\"funny\\". Only really, really, sick people would think this movie was funny. This movie is CRAZY! You cannot make movies like this anymore in America, only in the 1970s where directors truly free to really push the limits. This is by far Craven's best film, better than Scream or anything else he has ever made. This movie has an R rating, they must have bribed someone to get that. This movie was edited, I know their are scenes of violence and rape that were cut, especially the scene in the woods. Does anyone know if their is an unrated version of this film?
B000002KIK|1.0|What a terrible record. I wanted to like the music and the cover art, but look at it- there's only one good tune on this album: an instrumental with horns. I can't remember the title of that song since I threw the record away. A waste of money it is...don't buy it. It's a sad, sad excuse for a record. It gives new meaning to the word &quot;awful.&quot; No personality, no vibrancy, it brings nothing resembling enjoyment to the ears (with the exception of that one tune I can't remember.) One star it gets and only for that song.
0375422307|5.0|What an enlightening graphical book. A picture is surely worth a 1000 words. Marjane's story gave great insight into life during the Iranian revolution. I loved the real story, but what I loved most was the humor. I laughed out loud when she described the 10-year-old Mehri taking care of her. When I got to the last page, I couldn't believe that it was done, I just wanted to keep reading.<br />Marjane, you are a very gifted writer and artist. Thank you for sharing your piece of history with us.
630575067X|4.0|I liked finding out more about Obi-Wan Kenobi's past, but the movie has a hard time keeping my attention. It also sparks more questions instead of answers. I did bumped it up to four stars since there isn't 3.5 stars.
B00000AD94|5.0|This is a fantastic debut album from a challenging, original and essential band. I approached Spock's Beard from a prog angle, but really, there are enough fine hooks and sumptous melodies on this record to keep most people happy. The band play music with all the structure,intelligence and virtuoso aspects of prog, but with incredible harmonies and gorgeous, summery pop sensibilities incorporated. The most incredible thing is,it works: indeed, it is rare to hear a band sounding so fully formed on a debut album. Neal Morse (the singer, songwriter and multi-instrumental mastermind of the group) imbues each piece with a distinct sound and texture which was to expand throughout the bands career. One may find the lyrics a tad obtuse and over the top at times (sometimes the bizzare imagery reminds me of another great band, Mr Bungle), and as this is a self financed first effort, the production and overall sound quality is a bit lacking, although still perfectly listenable, but these are merely minor observations. The stunning quality of the songwriting and musicianship on offer here makes for a modern classic: the multi-sectioned title track, with its weird images and constantly shifting musical focus is nothing short of a masterpiece: what other band could flow through the dreamy 'garden people', the melodic 'looking straight into the light', and the spanish tinged 'senor valasco's....' so effortlessly? Rounding off the album we have the delicate 'Go the way you go', encompassing smooth musical divesity and a particularly memorable hook, the Epic 'the water' which moves from mellow opening sections into an aggressive (for Spock's) centrepiece and an uplifting conclusion: the whole piece reads like a cyclical tale of death and rebirth. Finally, 'On the edge' brings one back form the uncharted depths of euphoria only Spock's can travel with a catchy and concise closing piece.<br />This is almost a flawless album: prog fans should snap itup instantly, you will not be dissapointed to hear the spirit of Yes, Genesis and all the greats more than alive and well in modern times. Anyone else should buy it as well: highly recommended to rock fans, although there are no heavy guitars or screaming to satisfy those of a metal persuasion. Sorry guys.<br />A modern masterpiece.nted to hear the spirit of Yes, Genesis and all the greats more than alive and well in modern times. Anyone else should buy it as well: highly recommended to rock fans, although there are no heavy guitars or screaming to satisfy those of a metal persuasion. Sorry guys.<BR>A modern masterpiece.
6305177473|4.0|This is a good remake, but Lindsay Lohan just is not a good as Hayley Mills.
B00008H2LB|1.0|I am a guy who is open to almost every genre of music and is willing to try anything at least once. So my friend bought hybrid theory and I thought it wasn't that great although maybe one or two songs weren't bad. I figured maybe that Linkin Park would have changed and made a much better follow up after making a remix of their debut cd that i didnt even go near. My friends were telling me it was awesome. So I buy it, take it home and pop it into my cd player...IT IS SO REPETITIVE IT IS NOT EVEN FUNNY!! EVERY SONG SOUNDS THE SAME!!! It is all whiny vocals from a guy who can't sing [], the musical structure is simple and painfully repetitive, it is just plain bad. It is like they completely copied their musical structure from their last cd and pasted into this one, and made it sound even worse! To make it worse, they didn't even manage to make [it]last for longer than 40 minutes! This cd has gone under my bed never to return unless I manage to sell it to some poor hapless kid who has no idea what real musical talent is. What makes me even angrier is that this album is probably gonna go double platinum. My biggest waste of money on a cd ever. Save your money or go spend it on real bands like blindside or the foo fighters.
0156027321|5.0|Life of Pi is imaginative, refreshing,and well written, with an off-the-wall story line that somehow holds together. A marvelous book for discussion for ages 12 to adult. My adult book club is reading it now and loving it. Topics include comparative religion, family life, the will to live, coping with extreme adversity, the relationship between humans and animals -- all explored with warmth, humor, intellect, and imagination. Enjoy!
B00004Y6O9|5.0|This album is so F'ing good it brings tears to my eyes. Bands today just dont make music like this, actaully they haven't been making music like this for close to 10 years now. The music sounds so simple, but its really deep wich makes it such a classic. It's hard to believe that it was made in 1978 and still sounds so fresh in 2003. I think if Van Halen was a new band and this album was released, it would be considered just as groundbreaking today as it was 24 years ago. <BR>To sum up this review. If you like music, like Hard Rock music, pick this motherf'er up. You dont have any excuses not to.
B00008GKEG|5.0|This set's a masterpiece.  While the individual DVDs could have had a bit more in their packaging (Tony Barrow's original video tape notes are all you get) the bonus disc more then makes up for it.  Seeing the three Beatles together relaxed & playing like they have never been apart makes one wish diffrences could have been set aside to record one last album together before we lost George.  I'm also glad they didn't price the set based on what they knew demand would be - I paid ... for the VHS set when it came out, less then half that for the DVD.  Like the video tapes, I've watched the DVD set several times & I'm not bored yet.  Thank you, Beatles.
0375414932|4.0|'Any Human Heart' is the autobiography of a fictitious twentieth century literary character, Logan Mountstuart.  Despite his rather dodgy name, this character grows up into a rather interesting man.  It is especially his older life when he reflects upon disappointments and the overall value of his life does this book really catch fire - I found it to be most moving.<br />Unfortunately all is not perfect.  The author decided to &quot;be cute&quot; by having Logan Mountstuart be personal friends of famous twentieth century characters such as the Duke and Duchess of Windsor, Hemingway, and Virginia Woolf.  Some readers might find this to add extra spice to the story.  I found it exploitative and totally unnecessary - the book is solid enough.  At any rate this Forrest Gump-like diversions really don't spoil this fine book.<br />Bottom line: a very worthy read.  William Boyd is in fine form.
B00005BJWM|5.0|These two movies are absolutely compelling and highly intense and riveting classics for the ages and are both absolutely needs.<br />BACKDRAFT (1991): I can't even begin to explain how much I absolutely love this dynamite firestorm of a modern classic. The movie is the story of two McCaffrey brothers who have long been in conflict with each other as they try to carry on the family business of firefighting and are forced to put aside their rivalries as they both pursue the culprit of a series of deadly arson attacks occurring all around the Chicago area. The two brothers are in for a surprise for who they discover is responsible for the rash of major fires all over Chicago. Spectacular special effects aren't the only things that light the fires of this movie but also of a great and strong story and how underrated the heroism of firefighting and police business really is. This is especially true in light of 9-11-01 and other acts of crime. &quot;Backdraft&quot; is one of my favorite movies of all time and I highly recommend this movie to everyone. There's little in the way of extras though on the DVD but the picture quality though is much better than the older VHS editions. &quot;Backdraft&quot; is arguably one of the best movies ever made. I give all my praise to all involved in this incredible project.<br />APOLLO 13: This is based on the ill-fated 1970 mission of the Apollo 13's attempt to land astronauts on the moon when an oxygen tank malfunctioned along with other space module equipment which nearly resulted in the loss of the lives of the three astronauts on board and their quest to return to Earth safely. &quot;Apollo 13&quot; is a marvelous and unsettling true story portrayal of the terrifying events that the astrunautas went through during the ill-fated mission and Tom Hanks is awesome in the movie. The Apollo 13 has gotten the ironic name of a 'successful failure', being that the original goal failed to be met, but the mission to safely return home after near disaster was a 'success'. This movie that documents the events of the mission is a wild ride of a true story. &quot;Apollo 13&quot; is a must-have movie. This DVD, unlike &quot;Backdraft&quot;, has extras and the picture quality like the former, is much better than the older VHS edition.<br />This is a two-punch combo pack of two great movies and are highly recommended. Get both of these movies now! Both are modern classics and are timeless.near disaster was a 'success'. This movie that documents the events of the mission is a wild ride of a true story. &quot;Apollo 13&quot; is a must-have movie. This DVD, unlike &quot;Backdraft&quot;, has extras and the picture quality like the former, is much better than the older VHS edition. <br />This is a two-punch combo pack of two great movies and are highly recommended. Get both of these movies now! Both are modern classics and are timeless.
6301966562|5.0|I always liked this movie and had to get a copy of it on VHS, even though the price was set for video stores.  I still really enjoy this movie.  Only in the '80s could they make a movie about a computer that falls in love with it's owner's girlfriend.  The music and the atosphere really 'click' in this movie.  It has a new wave feel to it, and the plot seems to flow nicely.  It would be nice to see this movie released on DVD because it was originally filmed in cinemascope, but the video is formatted in full screen, so some things look cut-off.  Other than this, I am glad that I was able to find the VHS version of this movie still available.
B00005JKPF|4.0|Let me start off by saying that I did NOT read any of the X-Men comic books.  Though some may claim that this discredits my opinion, I would like to think it adds some merit, seeing as I am not subject to the bias of already being familiar with these characters and having an affinity for the storyline.<br />I was impressed with the original movie and was looking forward to the sequel.  After seeing it, I would call it ambitious, but it did not fulfill all of the expectations I had after hearing all of the hype.  So here are the cons:<br />1.  The villain is mediocre at best.  I understand he was from the comics, but on the big screen, the bottom line is we have one mere human facing a league of nearly omnipotent superheroes.  Throughout the entire 2+ hours, his defeat seemed inevitable.  I can understand that he also had the side duty of presenting us with new information regarding Wolverine.  But I'll say this much: what we do learn from him is far from revolutionary.<br />2.  Cyclops remains a shallow character and nearly useless ally.  What good is a hero whose power could be replaced by a gun?<br />3.  Although we have increased development of Storm and Wolverine and an introduction to the memorable Nightcrawler, there is not enough with Patrick Stewart and Ian McKellan.  As the two most distinguished actors in the lineup, I would have liked to see them interact more with the other characters.<br />This may make it sound as if I found more con's with the movie than pros.  However, I will not discredit the incredible special effects and wonderful deepening of the characters of Storm and Wolverine, as well as the statement of the treatment of mutants and their stance in society, which serves as an allegory for countless sociological dichotomies that have existed throughout history.<br />To conclude, it was a decent movie.  However, unless you're a die-hard fan of the comics, I would suggest waiting for the rental.  It is indeed worth viewing, at least for the character development.  Hopefully their next effort will produce a more well-rounded movie.  And how about an antagonist that's as powerful or even more so than the X-Men?  Now that would be worth viewing.
B00005JLH3|5.0|Best movie i have seen this year. Great. Especially if your into marching band and such things. Watching this movie causes you to tap your foot and just want to be there....A++++++ From me.
0066620996|5.0|For our MBA class we (The five members of the &quot;Good to Great&quot; team) did a study of this book.  Darryl came up with this review!  &quot;This was a great book and an easy read.  It incorporates many simple ideas and puts them onto paper in terms of which we will remember.  Too many books that that I have read leave me with the feeling of what did I just read.  Because the fact that all the information in this book is backed up by research, this book has true meaning behind its message.  I highly recommend this book to managers or CEO's that are not quite sure which direction to take their business to reach the &quot;next level.&quot;&quot;  <br />The group all enjoyed the book and we also thought this book would be excellent for those wanting to transform their organization whether it is a company, school or church.  We especially enjoyed how the themes such as the Hedge Hog Concept, Level Five Leaders, and the Flywheel Concept were so vividly portrayed and easy to correlate with real life business.<br />From the &quot;Good to Great&quot; team
B000002BQK|5.0|If you don't like this album then you must have some problems, maybe you are deaf or something. This is Mariah's BEST album ever!!! \\"Butterfly\\" gives me BUTTERFLIES... \\"Close my eyes\\" and \\"Outside\\" are the most sincere songs I ever heard, very touching.... Mariah is the best female singer in history, her voice can reach the highest notes and she sold more than any other female in the industry. Leave your prejudices behind and you will find yourself singing her amazing songs.
B00007BKVC|5.0|This movie exemplifies so many various aspects of good movie making.  It carries drama, comedy, and especially thrilling excitement into the lives of two very different women.  Together they embark on the journey of their lives, and leave you capitivated.  Every woman in the world should see this for inspiration, and every man should see it for a warning.  Never mess with a woman on the edge.  No doubt...I give this 5 stars.  Enjoy the show.
0783231032|3.0|This movie was under appreciated by critics. Ever see them praise a comedy, especially a spoof? Any fan of movies like &quot;Airplane&quot;, &quot;Animal House&quot;, or &quot;The Russians are coming, The Russians are Coming!&quot; should like this movie. After this, movies in the same comic vane like &quot;Naked Gun&quot; would receive more credit. A few more jokes, and a little less length and it probably would have been a bigger hit. The first time I saw this when it was released I thought it was a bit long and it wasn't quite what I expected. With more viewings it gets better. Look for numerous cameos. At the current price for the collector DVD it is a bargain. Any fan of Saturday Night Live or Second City TV should grab it up.
B00003CWL6|5.0|I rank this movie among my top five in the 1990s.  It presents a wonderful introspection into the thoughts and actions of what life has become for much of the american people...  A middle aged man, unfulfilled by his job and desperate for something new, exiciting, and different, a woman who tries so deperately to achieve perfection and exude a (false) image of perfection and self-confidence, an insecure teenager that hides her confusion and emotions behind her beauty and her friend who struggles to realize her beauty and identity, a dictatorial homophobe military man that turns out to be gay himself, and much more...<br />What I love about this movie is that is points out significant contradictions in the value system of american society.  Keven Spacey's wife in the movie is so obsessed with exuding perfection, confidence, and success - none of which are consistant with reality - that she practically drives herself mad... and in the end the man she idolizes - \\"The Real Estate King\\" - turns out to have a disfunctional relationship and is imperfect himself.  Kevin Spacey toils in an unfulfilling, degrading job for years and never discovers the happiness of his youth until he quits and works at the burger joint...  The most \\"normal\\" and grounded of the characters is the \\"psycho\\" boy next door that deals drugs.<br />The movie is just wonderful and is a must own!
0783225725|4.0|Once again Eastwood does it with great style. The man with no name rides into town and wreaks havoc on the bad guys. An unusual dream of a sheriff that was whipped to death haunts him. As the story unveils itself we are drawn further into the past of the towns people. Not quite like his previous spaghetti westerns but still a hint of his character remains like a ghost that has come to see that justice is metered out. The fact that he rapes and kills does not seem to make us hate him, just accept him and know his final goal is as close to justice as we will see. The supporting cast is very good and the sets and music are great. Well worth adding to anyones western DVD collection. The quality of the picture and sound is excellent. Extras include notes, bios, highlights, and theatrical trailer.
0451191153|5.0|This is one of the best novels I think I have ever read because of the presentation of a gripping story with an intellectual and philosophical undertone.  <br />... this is a wonderful book that strikes upon some of the most significant morals or belief systems in American and developed society - capitalism, altruism, cronyism, independent versus collective thought and action, and much more.  It is a great read!
B00005B36H|5.0|Well the title of the review pretty much says it all.  Tool is one of the best bands that I have ever herd.  The combination of clear, understandable, and meaningfull lyrics mixed with the most awsome guitar, bass, and drums imaginable produce one of the most awsome sounds imaginable.  The song lateralis (track 9) is the best song that I have ever herd.  Scism (trac 5) is a prime example of Justin's outstanding bass tallent.  And Addam rivals Jimmy Page on guitar.  Danny's drums are exceptinal by any standards.  And finally Manyards vocals compleete the onsomble by adding meaning to the music.  With this combination of talent who could not love this album or anything that TOOL has compleeted to this day.  Which is why I rate this album as Godlike.
B000059XUO|5.0|This is a great film despite what some say, and I doubt the fact that Lee died in the making contributed to its success. It was my favorite movie long before I even knew he was killed in it. The music is great, Nine Inch Nails, among others. I especially love the feeling that the movie gives off, if you love dark types of movies, similar to tim burton's stuff, youll like it. This is a movie evryone should see at least once.
B00005B36H|5.0|Well the title of the review pretty much says it all.  Tool is one of the best bands that I have ever herd.  The combination of clear, understandable, and meaningfull lyrics mixed with the most awsome guitar, bass, and drums imaginable produce one of the most awsome sounds imaginable.  The song lateralis (track 9) is the best song that I have ever herd.  Scism (trac 5) is a prime example of Justin's outstanding bass tallent.  And Addam rivals Jimmy Page on guitar.  Danny's drums are exceptinal by any standards.  And finally Manyards vocals compleete the onsomble by adding meaning to the music.  With this combination of talent who could not love this album or anything that TOOL has compleeted to this day.  Which is why I rate this album as Godlike.
B00008LDPU|3.0|I was eager to buy this dvd and was immediately disappointed when I viewed it. The animation is superb with a few exceptions such as \\"World Record\\" which I just found annoying to look at. (what exactly happened there anyway?) But the stories are much too short. Before you can even get a feel for where you are you're pulled out. Perfect examples of this are \\"Final Flight of the Osiris\\" which was beautifully done, and \\"Detective Story\\" which could have explained itself better. All in all the material feels truncated and the viewer is left feeling slightly ripped off. It was a great idea to delve deeper into the world of the matrix this way..but in my opinion it could have been so much better.
0688163173|1.0|Awsome work!  Each page better than the next!  I swear, Mr. Lehane must have discovered the secret of antigravity -- I literally could not put this book down!  Or maybe I was just numb from reading it?<br />Anyway, Lehane's mastery of stock characters is dazzling, especially the timeless CWDW (Cop With Dead Wife), vowing revenge on her grave and/or memory.  Just when you thought this vein of cookie-cutter motivation and pop-psychology insight was mined out -- well, here's Lehane with another huge load of ore!<br />The man is really something!  Raymond Chandler, roll over in that grave!
B00008RH3L|4.0|They finally release this great film and they don't even give it Dolby 5.1 sound. I WAS going to buy it, but now I don't know.
0517053616|1.0|A reviewer below states that Shakespeare's literary value is unquestioned. This is patent nonsense. Every year, untold numbers of people (students, etc.) are forced to read him by trained teachers and they still end up questioning his value. Let's examine the Shakespeare cult:<br />1) Any author who needs an interpreter, explainer, or support from the educational system to keep readers is simply not a vital author. If Shakespeare was a vital author, people would love him without the brainwashing and spoonfeeding of a vast educational system that insists on teaching these tired plays year after year because everyone has done so year after year.<br />2) Silly romances and boring dramas driven by improbable plots and vulgar jokes are not great literature. These plays are the work of a man who spent far too much time on scandal and trivial junk to be taken seriously.<br />3) The Shakespeare nuts want it both ways and they can't have it either way. On the one hand, they insist that Shakespeare be regarded with the reverence one would give to holy scripture. No one must dare question its greatness, truthfulness, or entertainment value. If you do so, you will be attacked as a philistine. On the other hand, when people believe this nonsense and stay away from Shakespeare because they do not want to be bored, the cultists insist that we are taking it too seriously and that Shakespeare is simply great theatre (when it is nothing of the sort) which can be enjoyed with as much gusto as a rock concert or a stand up comedy act (which is a lie).<br />4) Any book that needs a glossary for the reader in order to be understandable must either be abandoned as dated or translated into modern English. The Shakespeare nuts wouldn't insist that anyone read Beowulf in Old English or argue that its Old English language is so beautiful that we all must learn what is now a foreign language to us but they do this when it comes to Shakespeare. This is beyond irrational. Imagine being forced to read a viking saga in Old Norse with only a glossary to assist you because the professor happens to love the cadences of Old Norse. This is no different from the nuts who do the same with Shakespeare.<br />5)  I judge literature on two, and only two, criterion: Is it intriguing? Is it entertaining? I don't give a fig about some academic telling me I need to read something because it is historically important. I doubt that Shakespeare's audience paid to see his plays because they had historical importance and neither will I. Alas, what was entertaining even twenty years ago seems dated and boring today, nevermind what may have been entertaining hundreds of years ago. Old jokes lose their punch, old romances become foolish and insipid with time, old dramas about historical figures become irrelevant and sleep inducing, old concerns no longer concern us. Shakespeare is dated, unfunny, boring.<br />And no amount of forcing the issue will change that. Free Shakespeare from the support of the educational system and watch him become forgotten as quickly as last years fashions. And I say, \\"good riddance\\" to an author who should have been relegated to the trash heap at least a century ago.viking saga in Old Norse with only a glossary to assist you because the professor happens to love the cadences of Old Norse. This is no different from the nuts who do the same with Shakespeare.<BR>5)  I judge literature on two, and only two, criterion: Is it intriguing? Is it entertaining? I don't give a fig about some academic telling me I need to read something because it is historically important. I doubt that Shakespeare's audience paid to see his plays because they had historical importance and neither will I. Alas, what was entertaining even twenty years ago seems dated and boring today, nevermind what may have been entertaining hundreds of years ago. Old jokes lose their punch, old romances become foolish and insipid with time, old dramas about historical figures become irrelevant and sleep inducing, old concerns no longer concern us. Shakespeare is dated, unfunny, boring. <BR>And no amount of forcing the issue will change that. Free Shakespeare from the support of the educational system and watch him become forgotten as quickly as last years fashions. And I say, \\"good riddance\\" to an author who should have been relegated to the trash heap at least a century ago.
B00007EBAG|5.0|With so little information on the cover of this C.D. I was resigned to the idea I might be disappointed. However, &quot;O Divina&quot;, the first song, was a delight- and this C.D. continued to please; a sensual, heady mix. Sananda's powerful voice overwhelms with it's depth and range as in &quot;What Shall I Do?&quot;<br />Don't expect to get any work completed with this one. I was compelled to put brush and canvas aside, to dance a little, to reflect; to merge into the music.
B00006J9OT|5.0|The music of Diana Krall is not something you listen to. It will touch your soul and will stay there forever. When experiencing the songs like &quot;a Case of you&quot; and &quot;maybe you'll be there&quot; you even don't have to see the dvd. She will project the images in your head as clear as cristal. But of course you want to see this beautifull woman touching the keys of here piano from where those wonderfull tones enter your ears. Sometimes making you swing like there is no tomorow and the next song you will have to whipe some tears from your eyes. It's marvelous.<BR>Thank you Diana for your beautifull music.
B00005JLXE|5.0|People that don't understand this movie don't understand Daredevil.  Even with the (brave) casting of Michael Clark Duncan as the Kingpin (a white character) this remains the most true of all the comic book adaptations.  I love this movie and will recommend it to all of my friends, comic book afficionados or not!!
B000084T18|5.0|It was good. Real good. Better than my last girlfriend. J/k. My favorite song on the CD is \\"many men\\".  I just wish the new hail mary was on it. Ja u goin down. Eminem and Juggalos unite against Ja Rule!!!
B00008PX8P|5.0|Watching LZ on stage with only a simple drum kit, guitar, bass, and vocals makes it all the more amazing the music that they put out.  The Jimmy Page solo, the John Bohaman (sp?) drum solo during Moby Dick, the simplicity of the stage set, it is Rock & Roll at its most pure form.<BR>This is an instant classic concert film, if not one of the best ever.  No other band could make such a musical statement with the bare minimum set-up that LZ used.  I love U2, Rolling Stones, Talking Heads, etc. and I have seen their concert films, but they all rely on elaborate stage set ups, showmanship, etc.  <BR>Led Zeppelin Rocks!
B00005JKZV|4.0|While the Fellowship of the Ring took us on an emotional roller costar following Frodo from his peaceful Hobbit life to his unwanted role as ring bearer, to his decision to carry the ring though he was not asked, to his final, desperate act of breaking the fellowship for everyone's safety regardless of his own peril; the two towers merely connects that story with the final chapter.<br />The film opens with a great scene of Gandalf slaying the Balrog, then all threads connecting to the first film begin to fray. Peter Jackson opted for spectacle over story telling for this middle chapter. Likely he feared people would bore easily in this long, long chapter (to be nearly 4 hrs in it's extended glory!!!) so he turned the battle of Helms Deep into the chapters focal point. Unfortunately by doing this he reduced the hobbits interaction with Treadbare (is my spelling correct?) to little more than endless, boring shots of Pippin and Merry bouncing up and down while the tree talks very slowly and sounds way too much like a certain Dwarf in the film (because John Ryse-Daives plays both and the sound of his voice is so obvious it's distracting!) The destruction of Saruman's Foundry / Breading pit is too fast because they have no time in this film if they want the 30 min plus Helms Deep battle to play out (the order of events is drastically changed and the dramatic highpoint of Gandalf facing off with his defeated master is left to the next film, a big, big mistake as it could have salvaged the dramatic shallowness of this film.)<br />This is an action film, not a story. There is wall to wall amazing action (yeah, like that Matrix Sequel) the battles are biblical, the humor is thick, the spectacle is breathtaking and awe inspiring. Unfortunately the story of the Hobbit, the man who would be king and the Wizard that holds it all together is swamped under the action and humor. All the best drama, the real tension, the character development is spared for the last installment.<br />Then there's the damned voice overs!!! Don't get me started on the flashbacks and narration that takes place. Every thirty minutes some Elf starts explaining the emotional and dramatic death of the story that you are not seeing, the endless exposition of narrative is mind numbing, stupefying and painful to sit through. It's just, Peter, we get what's going on, now start showing and stop telling.<br />Of course, Gollum is the high point here. Our only really fully developed character with real emotional weight and dramatic impact (as well as great humor) Forget the forced love triangle, the bull - s*** with the Arwyn and Eoywn that's not even in the book, Gollum is the star and driving force of this film. See it for them, they make it real when the real (not CGI) people can't.<br />The writer of this review is not responsible for Typo Demons that plague his work./>Then there's the damned voice overs!!! Don't get me started on the flashbacks and narration that takes place. Every thirty minutes some Elf starts explaining the emotional and dramatic death of the story that you are not seeing, the endless exposition of narrative is mind numbing, stupefying and painful to sit through. It's just, Peter, we get what's going on, now start showing and stop telling.<br />Of course, Gollum is the high point here. Our only really fully developed character with real emotional weight and dramatic impact (as well as great humor) Forget the forced love triangle, the bull - s*** with the Arwyn and Eoywn that's not even in the book, Gollum is the star and driving force of this film. See it for them, they make it real when the real (not CGI) people can't.<br />The writer of this review is not responsible for Typo Demons that plague his work.
B000092ZYX|5.0|Wow! this album truly blew me away! The best ive heard since OK Computer. More then what i was expecting from them. It sounds a little like OK Computer, but better. They deliver 14 new songs that all sound amazing! i recomend this album to any fan of theirs. They will not be dissapointed!
B000093BDX|5.0|After years and years of trying to gather the Beach Boys' best known music from all of the different eras of their career, Capitol has finally gotten it right with SOUNDS OF SUMMER. <br />Until recently, such a career-spanning overview as this was not possible, since the copyrights to the band's music were controlled by several different labels. Capitol finally owns the rights to all of the group's albums, though, and, for those who can't afford the still-definitive boxed set GOOD VIBRATIONS: THIRTY YEARS OF THE BEACH BOYS, this is the place to start.<br />As with similar sets by other over-anthologized artists (the Beatles, Elvis, Sinatra), diehard fans will quibble with the song selection, but for the casual fan looking to grab one Beach Boys CD for that trip to the beach or to give to a friend (or offspring!) as an introduction to the group's music, SOUNDS OF SUMMER more than fills the bill. <br />Those who like what they hear on this set, of course, can (and hopefully will) go on to plenty of other CDs (ref: the double play TODAY AND SUMMER DAYS, or PET SOUNDS), but as a Beach Boys starting point, there are few better collections than this one.
B00006F2TV|1.0|Are u kidding me?!  This was by far the worst hyped up movie in the history of blockbuster deliverers.  The green goblin was bad!, he had on a robot suit for crying out loud, william defoe would have been better just to exclude the costume and rant and rave as the maniac he was lol.  Tobey mcguire as the amazing spidey [was bad]! sure he had the nerd part down but he did not transform well into the confident and cocky spidey we all know and love from the comic book world.  In my opinion Freddy Prince Jr. would have made a better spiderman if not him then the guy who played in sonny darko thats if i spelled it right, heyl! john cusack could have done a better job, but unfortunately hollywood is into exploiting litte kids for the sake of money.  In the future marvel world it would help if u make these comic characters as they are portrayed in the comics, so far only blade lives up to the hype.  I am personally tired of made for kidding films, especially when the comic characters are flat out killers who dont behave and play around like children, so please take the truth pill really! lmao!  I give spiderman one star and thats only becos it doesnt go lower.
0385504209|5.0|This book would make an excellent movie.  I am a producer and am trying to access the rights to this book to make that happen.  It's that good!!!  And I don't like reading.  I only read this on a flight across the altlantic because my wife had it handy and I was bored.  I do have favorite books.  My favorite book of all time is called, The Little Guide To Happiness.  And as I said, I'm not much of a reader, so for me to like these books, they must be good.
1857993284|5.0|I really enjoyed the highly imaginative treatment Jostein Gaarder gave to a complex subject.  I so very much liked how the plot moved the reader through Sophies introduction to the history of thought and its various evolutions thru out the ages. <br /> In reading this book one should control the temptation to speed through it as its ideas are cumlative.  It has a deceptively simple allure to it. That the reader can easily be overwhelmed  by as the history unfolds.<br /> I would highly recomend this to any student of the &quot;History of Philosphy&quot; as a fun and informative primer.
0062502182|5.0|Wonderful prose of this book takes you on a poetic journey of a man searching his purpose in life and meanwhile you discover yourself thinking about your own purpose in this world. Easy and light at the same time deep and thought-provoking.
0671027344|5.0|This cult hit is too amazing to describe accurately. The book is written in letters to an anonymous \\"friend\\", which allows Charlie to tell his life's story without it feeling contrived. The tale of a freshman who doesnt really fit in, befriends seniors, and goes through social anxieties and transformations is true to life. (I am currently a high school freshman, and have seen it all happen.) The best part of this book is how real it seems. With the mention of music, movies, ect. it feels like this kid could be standing next to you explaining all his woes. Suggestion: make a mix tape of the songs mentioned in the book, and read it listening to said tape. Or, at the very least, listen to \\"Asleep\\" by The Smiths as you start and end the book. It makes the reading experiance even more amazing. I highly recommend this book to every person, whether youre hetero or homosexual, male or female, young or old- I promise that you will fall in love with this book!
0385504209|3.0|Jeremy Pugh's synopsis at the top of the review list bothers me with the mistake of calling the murder victim \\"father\\" to the cryptologist - they are grandfather and grandaughter and this was a salient fact in the plot.<br />A grand read with some interesting layers, especially the praise of the feminine divine, discussions of the syncretism of early Christianity to co-opt other religions, and of course, most everyone loves a conspiracy.  A little disappointed with the red herring, but the book was enjoyable throughout.
B00005JL9B|5.0|A dark and gripping look at human nature when confronted with our very survival.  Can be tricky to locate a copy for use on American DVD players, but it can be done, and is worth the time spent.  Well cast, brilliantly directed, and deliciously thought provoking.  Dares to ask the question, could you kill your best friend?
B000006TRV|4.0|I'm not a huge floyd fanatic but this was the first floyd album I got. I heard that it was one of Pink Floyd's greatest so I went and got it. I'm not dissapointed at all. Well, you know there are some songs on this album that are just not good, or just kind of dumb. I hear alot of people saying that their music is just boring, well, usually, alot of them are but that's floyd's style. All the music they really make is just psychodelic stuff. You gotta really listen to it instead of just listen to two minutes of it and wonder where all the guitar riffs are, then change to the next song and do the same thing.I love heavy metal, punk, rock and pink floyd has to be one of my favorite slow passed rock groups.
B000009QOC|5.0|This is one of danzig's best albums ever! I listened to all the songs and not one of them were horrible. One the first album, I found some songs that weren't the best but the first is still good. I just didn't find any bad songs on this cd. This is my favorite danzig album. It has many great songs on it such as \\"Devil's plaything\\", \\"I'm the one\\", \\"Long way back from hell\\" and many many more. I highley recomend this album if you really love danzig or want to start listening to them.
B00004WLXZ|5.0|To start off, I did not enjoy Triumph of the Will. That said, you'll notice I gave it 5 stars. That is because it deserves nothing less. While not exciting or invigorating, for propaganda, it is perfection. <br />While boring, it cannot help but leave the viewer in awe while watching Hitler walk calmly through 250,000 assembled soldiers. Even when watching him speak to 100,000 laborers, one cannot help but be ensnared by the sheer greatness of this majestic work of filmmaking. <br />Triumph of the Will is not a good movie, yet at the same time it is a great movie, worthy of respect, a film that everyone should see at least once, boring or not, lest we forget the past and are doomed to repeat it. With this film as evidence, there can be no doubt that we were warned that war was coming, and did nothing. For that we suffered the consequences. This film should stand as evidence that we should never again be so blind as to assume that such a display could be considered anything less than a precursor to combat.<br />While I did not enjoy this film, I still must highly recommend it to anyone with any interest whatsoever in history, politics, or the simple truth. It might be called offensive, and it might be called grand. In truth, it is both and at the same time far, far more. Watch, and be amazed.
B00005JKPF|5.0|Amazingly, Brian Singer has made a sequel that is far superior to its predecessor.  From the opening titles you are gripped and drawn into the world of the mutants and Stryker, and part way through, you realise you actually CARE about some of the characters.  Nightcrawler is done to perfection, something rare in a comic book translation (check out wolverine's lack of musculature....) and even the existing characters improve in small ways throughout the film!  I cannot wait for the next installment, and wonder who will be introduced this time around (anyone note Remy Le Beau's name???)
0385504209|5.0|Astounding information relating the Church and today's modern day affairs. The story's pace is fast and gripping. Plot may be a bit too complicated for some people but just right for me. Must read blend of history, action, suspense, and humor.
B000066NW0|5.0|This CD captures everything about Avril! I know she has another one, but her music is fantastic, depressing, rockish, and easy to move to all at the same time. The best songs are probably Nobody's Fool, which mixes rap with rock, and Sk8er Boi, a very rockish tune.
B00005YW4H|5.0|I was so astonished with Norah Jones' &quot;newfound-glory&quot; to fame,  walking-away with multiple Grammy's in-tow at the last &quot;Grammy Awards&quot; ceremony...whereupon which I was compelled to buy her latest album-release &quot;Come Away With Me.&quot; (I was surprised Avril Lavigne, didn't get any.) I've been listening to it a lot. I'm listening to it right now as I'm writing this review. <br />This album's is as smooth as a Starbuck's cappuccino. There are so many good songs on this album to wet your pallet. It's like you're eating this creamy, delectable-desert with your sweetheart at a fancy, romantic, candle-lit restaurant.    <br />Anyway, her latest album-release, is a &quot;pleasant and relaxing album to listen to.&quot; The sincere-effort's she puts into this CD are noteworthy: with the impeccable-singing, and song-writing skills she possesses. Moreover, it's a rhapsody of this young-woman's God-given talents.  <br />This is a brilliant album. With Norah's &quot;sultry-sounding&quot; voice -the &quot;virtuoso&quot; that she is - comes-off sounding very similar to the likes of Diana Krall and Natalie Cole. Her music has this kind of sound to it, where she's performing at &quot;The Starlight Lounge.&quot; (I'd love to have her sing at my wedding someday.) <br />She's this &quot;romantic-songstress&quot; that takes your breath away, whose articulate-blend of song-writing and singing, soothes and  relaxes the soul. I'm so mesmerized, by her immaculate-beauty and charm. <br />I saw a special &quot;cameo-appearance&quot; of Norah in &quot;Two-Week's Notice&quot; starring the British hearthrob, Hugh Grant with his beautiful, unassuming co-star, Sandra Bullock. Norah had performed a couple of songs in the movie, which I enjoyed immensely.<br />&quot;Don't Know Why&quot; is one of her signature-songs on the album... it's what catapulted her to &quot;multi-platinum&quot; success, garnering  praise the world over. The melodic &quot;Cold Cold Heart&quot; has ajazzy-like feel to it, it's one of my favorite tracks on the CD. <br />This album is refreshing. It's gives us a break from all the monotany with the &quot;teeny-bopper&quot; music scene i.e., Britney Spears and Christina Aguilera. Norah writes all of her songs - unlike some of her counterparts. Therefore, I'm more inclined to listen to a CD where the artist writes their own material. <br />She will rise to the top as a &quot;living-legend&quot; in the music world. There's no one else quite like her: with her musical-prowess playing the piano, and her unforgettable-voice, she will undoubtedly set the precedent for years to come. There's no catchy lyrics in &quot;Come Away With Me.&quot; It's an album you'll have to adjust your mind to. You've got to able to appreciate the sincere-efforts that Norah has put into this great album.
B00008LDPU|5.0|The animatrix is a collection of short stories that deal with the martix. Very simple explanation, but there is a lot of content that deals with the movies. I read about a hundred reviews befor i droped [$$] on some anime movies. After i got it i saw it was woth the money. There are almost as many exras as there were actual anime. You can do what you want but i really enjoyed the animatrix.
B000055X3U|5.0|This was my introduction to Anathema, relying only on the reviews i read here on amazon, i had no idea what i was in for<br />\\"Judgment\\" has 14 of the most beautifully saddening tracks i've ever lent my ears to, the CD sails on a rhythmic sea of smooth vibes while still delving you deep into a black undercurrent of depression; everything great about this album blends together to make a sonic masterpiece as fresh as an autumn breeze, until the climax of the title track where the listener is lunged into a tornado of clanging electric guitars, screaming vocals and drums banging away at breakneck speeds, until its fadeout and recesses to return the listener to its previous melancholic atmosphere<br />however, i'll be fair. Quite possibly the one thing that, despite its overall brilliance, still bugs me about this cd everytime i listen to it:  the lyrics.  Though they fit the mood of the CD very well, they simply lack eloquence and originality; however, the profound emotion in the lyrics more than makes up for it, it's just a slight smudge on the beautiful picture Anathema painted with this CD<br />this is also another one of those cd's that has to grow on you, i didnt think much of it my first couple listens, but spin it often it and the brilliance will begin to manifest itself
B000092ZYY|5.0|To be honest, I've been listening to Hail to the Thief for a good 3 days now. I downloaded the entire album off of WinMX shortly after ordering it, making it legal for me to do so. All that was available at the time though, were unmastered tracks (which were still amazing) and listening to Hail to the Thief now I could mistake it for a different album at times since they did heavy post-production work on the album. Now don't get me wrong, this isn't the same kind of post-production on a Britney Spears album to get rid of her southern drawl, it seems as if they added some synth and just cleaned some of the noise from the original recordings. The album begins - fittingly - with a guitar being plugged into an amp, and that just adds a kind of live or unplanned vibe to the album as if the band were just jamming instead of recording a fully planned out album. Thom York's singing is pretty much what you expect from a Radiohead album, and the rest of the band follow suit. There isn't really much more to say, I absolutely love this album and imagine I will be listening to nothing else for the rest of the week. Oh, how could I forget the special packaging? If you like Radiohead, spend the extra couple of dollars to get the limited edition packaging like I did. It isn't exactly as nice as the limited edition packaging on the previous 2 albums but it is much nicer than a jewel case.
0452282152|4.0|&quot;Girl with the Pearl Earring&quot; is a wonderful read for any emerging or struggling artist, or even those fascinated by art history.  Chevalier takes the reader into the world of competitive Dutch art, where a now famous artist whose paintings sell for very high numbers, struggled to compose and find inspiration in a world not-so-glamorous.  It's inspiring to know that even great artists like Vermeer faced the same struggles that today's artists do.  The details of how the pigments were created, stored, and cherished is enlighting, while the veiw of the possible 'model', Griet, brings greater depth to an already fasniating and intriguing painting.  Was the girl with the pearl earring thinking of deep secrets as she sat for the artist, or simply thinking of surviving in trying Times.  Definately a keeper!
B00008O31H|4.0|After seeing The Black Keys live, I was impressed. They have soul, I'll admit they sound a little like the White Stripes but if you look past that there is more of a blues influence. To call them punk is probably not the right word, it's more like indie if anything. A great band though, if you like the White Stripes you might be in to these guys. See them live with Beck this summer if you get a chance, they are a wonderful opener.
B000002BHE|5.0|This album is nothing less than exceptional!!  I definitely see why this album was awarded the Grammy for Album of the Year.  Each song on this album is better than the one before it.  You will not be able to stop listening to this.  It starts off with &quot;It's All Coming Back To Me Now&quot;.  If that song doesn't give you chills, there is something wrong with you.  Buy this today!
B00005JKNF|4.0|The overall story is very slow--in the 2 hr, 17 minute movie, the actual murder takes place after the first hour. But, strangely enough, the story around you goes so fast you become desperate to find out who is who. It is extremely difficult to memorize all the characters-- I watched the movie twice and I'm not sure if I have half the characters names right. <br />But despite the confounding dizziness of it all-- I was in love with the movie. As Director Altman states, it is not a \\"whodunit\\" sort of movie-- no no no. The point of the story was to create a murder mystery, in which everything is seen by the servants' POV. This is a wonderful technique, and it is executed fabulously. The servants' are not drab, and similar. Like real people, they all have different personalities. And as expected, everyone is not who they seem. <br />And watch it a second time--it's better that way.
0792844882|2.0|Basiclly, the movie is 100% garbage, by now, I hope most people know this!  It is an infamous cult classic for a reason.<br /><br />it seems like the plot of some TV movie, but with a lot of sex and nudity thrown in the set it apart. It revolves around a girl who goes to Las Vegas to become a star on the strip as Show Girl, she does eventually gets what she wants, but realizes it isn't all what its cracked up to be. As someone else commented on here, even after going through all of these horrible experiences, she's still the EXACT SAME PERSON she was when she got there. Not any wiser from the experience, not any nicer, nope, still a self-serving jerk, it was as if someone put Jerry Seinfield in a female's body because no matter how horrible she is and people suffer around her because of her actions, she never sees the error of her ways. That is one of the MANY reasons this movie fails.<br /><br />Along with the insipid storyline, it has a horrible script with horrible dialogue to boot (The whole Versace thing, can you get anymore dumb?), the characters are all stereotypes and are boring and uninteresting, the only decent character in the film gets messed up just as bad or worse then the rest of the idiot characters. The acting is so bad from everyone except  the over-the-top performance by Gena Gershin (she seems to be the only actor aware of what an overheated crap pile this is.). She was the perfect stereotypical backstage b*****. The actors take this movie far too seriously, which if you watch old interviews with the director, so did he, and it shows, it would have been a good satire, but it has no tongue-in-cheek and no sense of humor at all.<br /><br />The seriousness though, is what makes this movie so comical actually. Its just so horrible and trite, its so unbelievably stupid, that I don't even know why I sat through the whole thing. It fried a few of my brain cells and morals. What did I get out of this movie? - Some people need a bash in the head instead funding a piece of junk such as this. Definitely one of the most &#34;So bad it's good&#34; films of all times, and it is very very bad.<br /><br />God Bless ~Amythis. Definitely one of the most &#34;So bad it's good&#34; films of all times, and it is very very bad.  God Bless ~Amy
B00001W9G0|5.0|Barbara Streisand is sweet and naughtily impulsive. Robert Redford is at his charming best. The story is simple, but full of frivolous love and events. The ending is very touching. This was, is and will always be one of my all time favourite movies. Even the music is amazing. The DVD is so clear it does not look like a movie from 1973, it is a very good transfer. I would surely recommend the purchase of this very wonderful DVD. Thank you.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Buy this CD! It is so good! I don't know what to say about it its that good! It is my favorite CD of all time! The energy of tallica and the orchestra on songs like Master of Puppets, For whom the bell tolls, One, and Battery will make you sweat. I suggest buying the clean version so the swearing doesn't ruin this beautiful CD. BUY &quot;S + M&quot; RIGHT NOW!<BR> when i'm done writing this i'm gonna go listen to it for the eighteenth thousand time 'cause it never gets old! I LOVE IT, AND YOU WILL TO. People who say they don't like it because it has an orchestra in it are CLOSED MINDED PEOPLE WITH NO MUSICAL TASTE! S AND M IS GENIOUS!
1582432678|5.0|I was quite simply blown away by this novel, and I am not often blown away.  First, Shriver's characters are wonderfully realistic, with the exception really of Kevin, they are not all good or all bad.  They are, as life is, far too complicated to be all black or all white.  The debate about which shade of grey each one of us is, is the heart of this novel.<br />The writing is really wonderful.  The descriptions are gripping and bring realistic details to the entire story.  As noted above, all of the characters are at once likeable and unlikeable, sypathetic and unsypathetic.  It is a difficult stance to take throughout the book, but she maintains it.<br />The plot is terrific, and even when I was sure I knew what would happen, I was still quite shocked at the shocking parts.  Its a nice thriller on top of its literary quality.<br />Finally, Shrivers questioning of motherhood, and the unrelenting nightmare of giving birth to a psychopath, are timely and sensative.  She speaks the truth, the hard truth, the ugly truth, but this truth is beautiful because it IS the truth.
B0000027RL|5.0|Many think that Nirvana is the best band of the 90's. I disagree. While they are still one of my favorite bands, My favorite band of the previous decade would have to be Pearl Jam.<br />In 1991, Pearl Jam released \\"Ten\\", Their first album, and still their best. Every song on here is worth listening to over and over again. \\"Once\\" and \\"Release\\" start and end the album nicely. Classic tracks \\"Even Flow\\", \\"Alive\\", \\"Black\\" and \\"Jeremy\\" define the album, and \\"Why Go?\\", \\"Oceans\\", \\"Porch\\", \\"Garden\\", and \\"Deep\\" round out the album. Also, the hidden track, \\"Master/Slave\\", which is not credited , is also an interesting listen. One complaint I have is that the production is terrible, but that doesn't take much away from the album.<br />It's a shame you don't hear much music like this anymore. All those wannabe bands copying Pearl Jam's sound. It's a shame. Anyway, pick this album up if you haven't done so, and pick up all of Pearl Jam's other albums, too. You won't regret it.
B00007G1ZM|5.0|Save for the high camp of &quot;Straight Jacket&quot; and &quot;Trog&quot;, I don't much care for Joan Crawford movies. But &quot;Mildred Pierce&quot; is a true classic in every sense of the word: great story, great acting, wonderful characters, and getting to see Joan Crawford and Ann Blyth trade slaps. Joan is truly at her best here and, with director Michael Curtiz putting a muzzle on her, keeps her overacting to a minimum. With this DVD, though, you also get a first-class documentary about Joan Crawford's wacky rise to stardom. Great stuff!
B00005UEAR|5.0|THIS CD IS SIMPLY BRILLIANT. Glass Prison is without a doubt the most brilliant song in the last 10 years. Dream Theater is second to none in the music industry and they prove it on this cd. Awesome!
B000092ZYX|5.0|I was one of the many disappointed by Kid Amnesiac, not so much because of its progressive stylings as much as Radiohead were much weaker musically for it.  So I'm thrilled to see some of the material in the same vein here, specifically &quot;Backdrifts,&quot; is of a much superior quality, and in the case of &quot;Sit Down Stand Up,&quot; the electronic and band elements are vastly better wedded than before.  Overall I think this album will be seen as a nexus of all past and future Radiohead albums, a sort of jumping-on point for future generations of fans.  Some rock, some ballads, some electro, some piano-y stuff, some of the old U2 influence shining through again, especially on my favourite track &quot;Where I End and You Begin.&quot;
B00004XQ83|5.0|My whole family loves this soundtrack.  It's so interesting to see my 14 year old & 9 year old singing these old, folksy tunes.  Good for the whole family, I think.
B0000931QA|5.0|This isn't just music, this is art. The story that goes along with the music is interesting, and adds so much. Whenever I listen, I get pulled into the story. Listening to the lyrics as closely as possible. Tragic, and sad. It brings you deeper into the music than just your normal album would. Simply brilliant. My hat's off to the band on this wonderful piece of work. They deserve all the credit in the world for all the hard work they put into this.<br />Geoff Tate is an amazing singer. A good comparison I've read many times is with Bruce Dickinson of Iron Maiden. Personally, I think Bruce is better overall, but wow, Geoff can really sing. Throw in some blazing, killer solos, good drums, and just all around great melodies. The band really poured all of their heart and soul into this album. You can definitely tell. I'm not into every song as quite a few people here on Amazon, but most of them are really great.<br />From the brilliant Revolution Calling, and Operation: Mindcrime, to the epic, masterpiece: Suite Sister Mary. The Female singer featured in this song gets me every time. Just amazing! You can really feel the emotion from both her and Geoff. Probably the best performance on the album. Breaking the Silence, and I don't Believe in Love are great songs, too. With the sad closer, Eyes of a Stranger, it ends perfectly. Once you grasp the whole story, you understand how brilliant this actually is. Great, GREAT, song writing here, that blends perfectly along with the story telling.<br />The other four songs aren't as good, but that's just because the others are so great. Speak isn't too shabby, while Spreading the Disease, and The Mission are my least favorite. The Needle is a fast paced, good change from the norm on here. Good, but kind of short, and repetitive. Even though these don't satisfy as much as the others, the lyrics are still there, and they progress the story along, and really grab you just like the others. The story of Nikki, along with Mary, and Dr.X. It just pulls you in and doesn't let you go until the bitter end. As I've said many times in this review: BRILLIANT!<br />3. Revolution Calling: A+<BR>4. Operation: Mindcrime: A+<BR>5. Speak: B+<BR>6. Spreading the Disease: B+<BR>7. The Mission: B<BR>8. Suite Sister Mary: A+<BR>9. The Needle Lies: B+<BR>11. Breaking the Silence: A<BR>12. I don't Believe in Love: A<BR>15. Eyes of a Stranger: A<br />1. Short, talking introduction.<br />2. Very cool intro to Revolution Calling. The Guitar playing is great.<br />10. Kind of creepy talking here, along with some instrument play.<br />13. Instrumental.<br />14. Talking, with some instruments. Stuff just leading up to Eyes of a Stranger. <br />The little stuff in between the songs adds to the story, and shows the talent of the band with some very good instrumental stuff. Playing the album the whole way through is really the best way to go. Taking in all the lyrics, meanings of the songs, and just enjoying this great Concept Album. 16, and 17 are live versions of a couple of the songs. Well, one isn't really a song, but instead of the clock ticking in the background, they're using some kind of drums that you pound with your hand. Atleast that's what it sounds like Very cool, and then Geoff singing the short line from that song. Nothing really special, though. And considering The Mission is my least favorite here, it's kind of a disappointment that they decided to just do this one live on here, but it's bonus stuff, so I can't complain.<br />Overall: 5 stars<br />If you're a fan of intelligent music writing, lyrics, and all that good stuff, then Queensryche is for you. It's been said they are a cross between Iron Maiden, and Pink Floyd. If you even remotely like those bands, check this one out. I'm a huge fan of those two, and this album just blew me away.
B000084T18|5.0|Theres no way you can go wrong with 50, unless you dont like violent, truthful, rap music. now, you cant expect him to rap about picking flowers, and eating pie, he lives in queens,new york and took over his mom's business at the age of 12, drug dealing. and you, eric smith, (dont listen to this guy) this isnt hip-hop its hardcore rap, and 50 is the best at it. if u dont like 50, thats ok not everyone will, but if u dont know what your talkin about than dont write a review. alright, thats done. 50 cent's Get rich or die tryin is a great cd, he fought his way from the drug dealin, getting shot, and now hes the the hardcore rapper of our time. if you like 50, then i also recommend his DVD The new breed. its not the greatest DVD, but it gives you some of his videos, and you get to learn more about him. 50 is real, and he is now, check it out. hey eric, 2pac is a legend! a big ol' A+
B00000K3D4|5.0|I remember watching this movie non stop when I was a child... and now that I'm 18 I still love watching it.. the music is great and david bowie...need I say more...without him the movie prolly wouldn't be as great as it was the first time I saw it.. this movie is just totally awesome for those that love to dream and live in a fantasy world...kind of like mine...lol...
0393316041|5.0|A friend recommended this book once, but after reading a few paragraphs, I did not find it very interesting and I moved on to something else. After a while he brought it up again and finally convinced me by reading me one whole chapter that made me laugh a lot. I am glad I finally gave in to this delightful and fascinating book.<br />It's been a long time since I have read a book which combines so perfectly humour, curiosity, intelligence, a very vivid language, and nice adventures of discovering the world.<br /><br />Basically, the book speaks about the exploits of the Nobel Prize winner in Physics, Richard Feynman, an incredibly brilliant mind who was part of the research team that made the atomic bomb, but who doesn't know that if you put milk in your tea, you should not have lemon at the same time. Nor is he very good at socializing with women, yet he is a successful visiting professor at the most important universities in the US where he gives very challenging lectures.<br /><br />These contrasting features make Richard Feynman a very appealing and lively character, and his book is a series of hilarious events that make you laugh out loud. He is so smart that he can break a safe in less than 15 minutes and so he made a habit of playing tricks on his colleagues by breaking the secret codes for their safes.<br /><br />A multilateral personality, he studied also biology, art (he took art lessons and sold a few paintings), music. He was a scientist but not the stiff type; on the contrary, he was a very funny personality, full of sense of humour, with a childlike curiosity who tells his story with an incredible sincerity, a free spirit and enjoyable character.<br /><br />It is a book I highly recommend for different reasons: readers will have the chance to meet a rare and admirable personality in a narrative marked with good quality humour.
B00005PJ8O|4.0|Much can be said for this one. Scott is terrific and so is Malden, but were is Ike? The God-like treatment of the man (a year after his death) takes away some of the reality of Pattons place in the chain of command. Because Ike is never shown (a poor decision) all of the on screen discussions take place with W B Smith , Ike's chief of staff. Other then this mis-fire the production is well done and informative. Curious ending , which is just as baffling as the Eishenhower treatment, which reduces the rating from a potential 5 stars. 4 stars for a four star general.
B000084T18|4.0|ok we all know that 50's joint was way over hyped but dont let that taint your view because all things aside....its a good cd.nothing could possibly live up to all the hype, so dont fault 50 for that. im not a music critic or anything so im not gonna get to complicated with this. im just talking from the point of view of someone that just likes hip hop, so if you just want an honest opinion of this joint, you should hear me out. <BR>Get RIch....is the kinda cd u can keep in your player and just let it run all the way through without having to ever skip a track. \\"what up gangsta\\" is a good way to start it out. it has a good beat and is catchy. his lyrics might not be up to the standard of Eminem or whatever..but 50 acn definately kill a beat. he also changes things up and going for slower, moodier tracks like \\"patiently waiting\\" and \\"many men\\". Him and Em mix well together on the 2 tracks they collaborate on and Em drops some mad flows. 50 also speeds things up for more a dance mode for joints like \\"if i cant..\\". The mood of the album might be a little violent, but if you know 50 thenit doenst seem like overkill because he presents it cleverly. SOme tracks may sound a little alike, but 50 always manages to switch his flow and not seem repetitve. The love song \\"21 questions\\" definately shows that theres antoehr side of 50 besides just violent, which was needed. The album is definately god for a portible player or a car stereo, but i wouldnt play it in front of your parents. So all things aside, if your looking for a rap masterpiece, you might be a little dissapointed, but if you want some tight beats and flows and just straight music to chill to, go with 50. Trust me, hell have u singing the lines after the first time you hear it.
B00003CX8Y|5.0|Beauty and the Beast is, in my opinion, the best Disney movie of the past 15 years.  It harkens back to days of Snow White, Fantasia, and Pinocchio in its charming story and its timeless morals.  As for the songs, the Menken-Ashman team's masterpiece contains the very best of Disney songs in all of its history, including &quot;Belle&quot; and, of course, the title song.<BR>And now with this glorious 2-DVD set we can truly appreciate this film.  There are tons of extras!  If you enjoy Beauty and the Beast, you should definitely buy this.
B00005JLD4|5.0|One word: Incredible.  I don't remember this movie getting much press when it was released, but it should have.  This is a top 10 movie for 2002 in my eyes.  Rabbit-Proof Fence was directed by Philip Noyce (The Quiet American) and is set in 1930's Australia.  Australia had a policy regarding the Aborignal natives.  A child born of an aboriginal parent and white parent was known as being half-caste.  The government would not allow these children to be raised in their aboriginal families and they were taken away.  Rabbit-Proof Fence follows three girls who were taken from their village and relocated 1200 miles away.  Before I forget to mention it, this is a true story and is based on a book written by the daughters of one of these girls.<br />The film follows Molly, Daisy, and Gracie: three children whose ages range from 8-14.  They are ripped from the arms of their mothers (literally) and taken to the reform school more than a thousand miles away (as far away as New York is from California).  The school tries to strip them of their culture.  They are introduced to Christianity (as a Christian I feel the religion is true and is a good thing, but it should be a choice not forced upon somebody), can only speak English and they are introduced to an entirely new lifestyle.  This is inter-cut with the director of this program giving a lecture on why the half-caste children are a real threat and why they should be taken care of and eventually have the black bred out of them.  Kenneth Branagh plays this man, and while he is the villain, he honestly believes that he is doing right and that he is doing the right thing by the half-caste children.  By no means is he a sympathetic character, but we see that he is misguided and mistaken instead of evil.  He truly believes that the school is the best place for the children.  We also see a scene of a runaway being brought back in.  No runaway had ever escaped for long.<br />Molly leads Gracie and Daisy to escape.  Most of the movie is of the trek back to their home and evading the tracker (extremely skilled).  They are aided at times by white and black citizens and aboriginals, some knowing exactly where these children came from.  It is an incredible journey and if it wasn't a true story I'm not sure I would have believed it was possible.  At the very end of the film we see a shot of Molly and Gracie as old women.  They are walking together.  That was a beautiful shot and even knowing that this was true, that shot makes it hit home.  These are the women that escaped as children.  The postscript on the screen adds to the heartbreak of the movie.<br />I don't think I can speak enough as to how good of a movie Rabbit-Proof Fence is.  It is one of the best of the year and is a movie that deserves to be seen.  The more people that see this movie, it will be more likely that films like this will be made.vie is of the trek back to their home and evading the tracker (extremely skilled).  They are aided at times by white and black citizens and aboriginals, some knowing exactly where these children came from.  It is an incredible journey and if it wasn't a true story I'm not sure I would have believed it was possible.  At the very end of the film we see a shot of Molly and Gracie as old women.  They are walking together.  That was a beautiful shot and even knowing that this was true, that shot makes it hit home.  These are the women that escaped as children.  The postscript on the screen adds to the heartbreak of the movie.  <br />I don't think I can speak enough as to how good of a movie Rabbit-Proof Fence is.  It is one of the best of the year and is a movie that deserves to be seen.  The more people that see this movie, it will be more likely that films like this will be made.
B00003Q43A|4.0|During the summer of 1996, a movie came to the silver screen which was the pinnacle of a long line of bad scifi movies and pointless blockbusters--Independence Day.  Let's face it, folks.  This movie is cliched and corny at times but, hey, it's cool!  A lot of people didn't enjoy this movie, and my only explanation for that is simply that they don't understand that this is intended to be nothing more than the superficial 2 hours of entertainment that it is.  It isn't Star Wars, and it wasn't intended to be.  As long as you understand that and can appreciate stupid, fun, action-packed movies, then you will like this movie.  The 5-star DVD release is excellent (they ought to release classics with special editions like this), but the single-disc editions are not.  If you are going to buy ID4, be sure that you are buying the 5-star edition.  This movie gets 3 1/2 stars, and an extra half star because of the excellend DVD treatment.  Bring out the popcorn!
B00005JLRT|3.0|I must confess that I'm not a huge Star Trek fan.  I've seen about half of the movies, and used to watch Deep Space Nine and an occasional episode of Voyager.  But, when a Star Trek movie comes out, there is enough interest in me to want to give it a chance.  So, when Nemesis came out on DVD I rented it and gave it a spin.  I was disappointed.<br />Near the beginning of the movie there is an attack on the Romulan Senate killing everyone.  We shift to the crew of the Enterprise where Riker (Jonathon Frakes) is getting married to Troi (Marina Sirtis).  Picard (Patrick Stewart) gives a nice best man speech.  When this is concluded and everyone is back on the Enterprise, Picard gets a message from Captain Janeway (from Star Trek Voyager) to engage in a diplomatic mission to Romulan.  On the way to Romulan they discover an odd signal coming from another planet and the Enterprise stops to investigate.  The signal is a disassembled android that appears to be an earlier version of Data (Brent Spiner) named B-4 (clever, yes?).  The Enterprise continues on to Romulan and upon arrival they learn that the situation has changed.  There is a new power, and it stems from a Remen uprising.  The new power is a man named Shinzon (Tom Hardy).  He is a human (not Remen), but was raised among the Remens.  He is also a clone of Picard.<br />This throws all sorts of possibilities for the rest of the film, and the diplomatic mission has changed completely because of the new circumstances.  There are scenes of action and some of fairly good.  Some parts of the movie were interesting, but as a whole it felt like the movie failed on some level.  As I said, I'm not a Trekkie, so I can't speak for how the movie fits into the larger picture of the Star Trek universe, but as a movie Nemesis just wasn't that good.  I wish that I could give more of a positive review, but the movie was not that interesting or compelling.  I cannot recommend Star Trek: Nemesis.  If you are a fan of Star Trek and absolutely must see everything with the Star Trek name on it, then rent with with no expectations and you might be pleased.  If you are only looking for a decent science fiction movie, look elsewhere.  The quality is not here.solutely must see everything with the Star Trek name on it, then rent with with no expectations and you might be pleased.  If you are only looking for a decent science fiction movie, look elsewhere.  The quality is not here.
B00003CX8Y|5.0|Beauty and the Beast was the last great Disney film.  True, Aladdin was good, and some of the new computer-animated ones have been cute, but nothing has been affecting as the touching tale of Belle and the beast who she falls in love with.  The music is enchanting, the voices are enchanting, and the film reminds one of the long-ago days of going to see Disney movies at the one-screen theater.  Buy this platinum edition for a lasting treatment of this film, and what a glorious DVD it is.
B00004YKUX|4.0|I caught on late to the \\"American\\" series collaboration between Cash & producer Rick Rubin, and purchased this after I bought American IV.  That disk remains my favorite, but on American III, once again, Johnny Cash hits a home run.  The most enjoyable aspect of this series has to be Cash's broad attempt to include music from all American eras, including alternative rock and public-domain folk.<br />When Cash covers modern artists he brings out a different patina within the song, one with hues of struggle and faith.  I will never hear \\"One\\" by U2 with as much pleasure again, because I will simply pine for this version with Cash's confident vocal and Benmont Tench's bass notes on piano (sorry Bono).  Cash mentions in the liner notes that he worked on \\"Solitary Man\\",  \\"I Won't Back Down\\" and \\"The Mercy Seat\\"  \\"until it felt like they were my own\\".  This effort certainly paid off on the latter two, although I personally would categorize \\"Solitary Man\\" as the least successful cover.  (Special treat for Tom Petty fans:  He sings backup for both \\"I Won't Back Down\\" and \\"Solitary Man\\").<br />\\"The Mercy Seat\\", which sounds like it would be the outlier, actually proves a good fit.  After all, it is a prison song...with a lot of religious imagery, stuff Cash is right at home with.  The protagonist's paranoia isn't as evident in the presentation as in the simple tale of a man so long on death row he is not sure who is friend or foe, even himself.<br />Cash brings a great sense of humor to the self-deprecating vaudeville number \\"Nobody\\" and \\"Lucky Old Sun\\", and sounds like he could have just stepped out of a cabin in Cade's Cove in the 19th century as he sings \\"Wayfaring Stranger.\\" He also adds some great originals:  \\"Field of Diamonds\\", \\"I'm Leavin' Now\\", and my personal favorite, \\"Country Trash.\\"<br />If you're a Cash fan, this entire series can add a new dimension to your collection.  If you are just learning about this American icon, you might simply enjoy the breadth of styles represented in these disks, since the man is talented enough to pull it off-- a rare gift indeed.dth of styles represented in these disks, since the man is talented enough to pull it off-- a rare gift indeed.
0783225857|5.0|Make no mistake, To Kill a Mockingbird is one of the best films of all time.  It is beautiful, emotional, and touching from beginning to end.  The acting is superb (both Peck and the children) and the black-and-white cinematography is gorgeous.  Add to that the screenplay adapted from Lee's great novel, Bernstein's evocative score, and thoughtful directing, and it is easy to see why this is considered a timeless classic.<BR>There are those who read the book and watch the film, expecting to see a movie that is an accurate incarnation of the book, and are dissapointed.  Personally, I cannot understand this.  For the film portrays the book almost perfectly--both the events and the theme and heart of the story.  It is ridiculous to debate which work is better--they are both masterpieces of their own mediums.  Thus, it is important to look at the film without the book in mind, and if you can do this, you will undoubtedly be impressed by the beautiful film.<BR>The DVD is, for the most part, quite good.  I would support an effort at Universal to make a limited edition 2-DVD set to honor this wonderful film, but as it now stands, I am perfectly happy.  The extras are pretty good, and the film is preserved in very good shape.  Do yourself a favor and buy this film.
0061020710|5.0|This is a great book by many things, for one, the whole world and characters are a cartoon of our own world and beliefs, and then Pratchett uses simple, intriguing plots without undermining the strenght of the characters. This has an important effect in avoiding a simple uneventful plot as a way to make the book light and funny.<br />What Pratchett creates is a hilarious story in which he portrays and exagerates many of the situations of our modern world in a world filled with magic and fantasy. This is a must read for anyone who enjoys a good satire.
B00005JLRT|3.0|As an avid fan of Star Trek the Next Generation I was really looking forward to the release of this film. It had all the elements of a really good Star Trek film but it was lacking something. The plot was sub par and it took me a long time to really get in to what was happening. The movie dragged and I couldn't wait for it to be over. If it wasn't for the fact that it is a next generation movie I probably wouldn't have even given it 3 stars.<br />The problem is that the storyline was one that could have been handled in a normal episode. In order for a story to be worthy of a movie it needs to have the complexity and drama of Star Trek First Contact (my favorite movie of all time). First Contact succeeded where Nemesis failed. Nemesis did not draw you in to the characters; I really didn't care what happened to anyone, including those that were regular next generation characters.<br />The marriage scene was premature; I think that something like that would have been more effective at the end of the film. Perhaps have some tension leading up to it. The entrance of the characters could have been more dramatic if it had not happened all at the beginning.<br />All in all, as a star trek fan you still must see this film but don't expect greatness. Its sad to think there probably won't be another next generation film to redeem this one and it will have to go out in such a dismal fashion.
B00005JKL8|5.0|If you're looking for a movie with action, suspense, blood, and big guns, you'll love this movie. The effects are incredible, especially the first part of the film, before they get shot down over enemy territory. The acting is great and, boy... what an ending. You'll love it!
B000092ZYX|4.0|Radiohead's return is a mixture of old and new. It's a record with a warm and pleasantly diverse feel to it, and the collection is bookended by its best songs - '2+2=5' is thrillingly rocky, and sums up everything that's great about Radiohead in its three and a half minutes, while 'A Wolf At The Door' is an OK Computer-esque masterstroke in paranoia, with a stream-of-consciousness monologue in the verse and a soaring, tortured chorus. <br />In between, though, there are also some fantastic turns. 'Sit Down Stand Up' is a direct collision between old and new, rooted in electronica but with a far warmer sound to it than the cold, stark feel of much of the techno material. It builds in layers and is a track for those \\"pick out the various instruments\\" games. 'Sail To The Moon' is all Dark of The Moon-era Pink Floyd - gently rolling piano chords, eerie guitar and jazzy drums. 'Backdrifts' and the Aphex Twin-esque 'The Gloaming' are 100% Kid A techno, but with a broader palette if not the incredible vocal performance and brilliant lyrics of something like Idioteque. Great too is the swaggering electroclash of 'Myxomatosis' which is the only totally unexpected track here - and could hail a potentially excellent change in direction. <br />Meanwhile 'Where I End And You Begin' features a bassline that sounds right out of a Cure record, its guitars and drums out of a Joy Division record, and its melody out of one of the darker U2 records, so its very 80s, but that's no bad thing - it is enjoyably mysterious and haunting - ending with \\"I will eat you alive\\" much as Exit Music ends with \\"We hope that you choke\\". Single 'There There' is an epic which improves greatly with its shift in gear around 4 minutes in, from which point it becomes a menacing and entrancing tribal chant, quite capable of scaring the listener. But 'We Suck Young Blood' is downright terrifying - a murder ballad with ominous handclaps, scary clown faux-lullaby vocals and gas-chamber-esque percussion, and a brilliant shift up in gear which sadly only lasts 20 or 30 seconds. 'I Will' is also a sort of scary lullaby, with its low vocals and cry of \\"little baby's eyes\\".<br />Finally there's a few less good tracks. 'Go To Sleep' is sort of like a country-style rendition of a Bends-era track. It feels very straight forward in comparison to some tracks and its melody jars - though it features some good shifts in rhythm and excellent guitar work from Jonny Greenwood towards the end. 'A Punchup At A Wedding' and 'Scatterbrain' are somewhat forgettable and on an album with 14 tracks feel somewhat redundant - not because its bad as much, but because it doesn't fit on what - without these three tracks - might have been a 5-star record. Nevertheless, Hail To The Thief is a star turn full of excellent tracks whatever direction (appropriate considering the special edition packaging of a road map) you turn in.
B00008PX8P|5.0|first off i have to say this is an amazing dvd that i have watched numerous times since buying it.  ...For those of you that like Zeppelin grab the dvd if its the only thing you can afford to get.  Its the best sumation of how great Zeppelin was and still is....Ramble On
B00004VWA7|5.0|I cannot believe this album is over twenty years old! It is still amazing and fresh. I feel cheated that I was too young to remember the impact this album must have had on music.   This is a bass players album, Jaco set the bar so high that noone has touched it yet.  If you do not have this album, buy two, and give one to someone you want to impress.
B00008K7AM|5.0|The Hot Chick is a wonderful guilty pleasure. True, the plot is totally cliche and predictable, but I haven't laughed so hard at anything in a LONG time. Rob Schneider's previous crass vehicles (\\"Deuce Bigelow\\" and \\"The Animal\\") gave no hint that the \\"Saturday Night Live\\" vet was capable of a bravura - at times astonishingly convincing - performance as a gorgeous 16-year-old female cheerleader who wakes up one morning in the body of a balding, homely 30-year-old man.<br />As the result of a pair of magic earrings, Jessica (Rachel McAdams) unwittingly trades bodies with Clive (Schneider), a small-time crook. We don't catch much more than a couple of glimpses of Clive in Jessica's body until a raucous climax, but for Jessica, her new male body is a life-altering experience. For one thing, Jessica must learn to negotiate the mechanics of urinating while standing up with the help of a confused men's room attendant (a hilarious Dick Gregory). And to explain her suddenly male presence at home, Jessica pretends to be a Mexican gardener named Taquito, who has to endure her dad (Michael O'Keefe) describing his sex life - and, worse, fend off a pass from her mom (Melora Hardin). Body-switch comedies usually wimp out in sexual situations, but this one takes full advantage.<br />Faris, who survived \\"Scary Movie 2,\\" emerges as a promising young actress, and the same could be said of Rachel McAdams in her first sizable role. As for Schneider, he may be obnoxious, but he is, more important, talented and fearless, the driving force of the film.<br /><br />This is mindless fun at its best.
0385504209|3.0|There is some disagreement among the reviewers on these pages about the accuracy of the facts that underpin The DaVinci Code. Some bemoan what they say are errors in the book and attempt to set the record straight; others remind the reader that this is a work of fiction and say \\"chill, enjoy.\\" The latter group would point as evidence of their position to the standard disclaimer on the copyright page that states that \\"all of the characters and events in this book are fictitious, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.\\" So, in other words, it's all just make-believe.<br />But wait, say the critics who take Mr. Brown to task for his alleged inaccuracies, on page 1 of the book (it's unnumbered) there is a full page note from the author entitled \\"Fact:\\" that states \\"All descriptions of artwork, architecture, documents, and secret rituals in this novel are accurate.\\"<br />So, it seems, the critics are correct and they have every right to alert readers to what they believe are errors in accuracy in the book.<br />Which leaves me, a not as well-read reader as I would like, wholly confused.<br />Item: Brown states that the divinity of Christ was made fact by the Council of Nicea by a simple vote. I didn't know this and was taken aback. Then along comes a reviewer on these pages who says it wasn't the \\"fact\\" of Christ's divinity that was approved by a vote at the Council but instead the decision to include that fact in the Nicene Creed. Who's right?<br />Item: Brown states that the \\"apostle\\" to the right of Jesus in Da Vinci's \\"The Last Supper\\" is in fact Mary Magdalene. I stopped reading when I was told this fact and checked an art book and, well, the flowing locks and the fine features sure look feminine. Then along comes a reviewer on these pages who says that this is utter bunk and that there exist sketches by Da Vinci labeling each of the apostles in the painting and Mary Magdalene is listed nowhere. Who's right?<br />If these \\"facts\\" are called seriously into question, then Brown's edifice starts to look very unstable. What about the alleged arbitrary selection of the books of the Bible designed to tell a certain tale? What about the alleged 80+ other Gospels dismissed out of hand? What about the alleged marriage of Jesus to Magdalene? What's accurate and what's not?<br />If Brown hadn't included a bold assertion of fact in his work of fiction (and had this promulgated by a well-oiled publicity machine) I wouldn't be sitting here at my computer at 6:22 am discussing it. But I am, because he did. A fact is a fact. Except, that is, when it's a fiction.cts\\" are called seriously into question, then Brown's edifice starts to look very unstable. What about the alleged arbitrary selection of the books of the Bible designed to tell a certain tale? What about the alleged 80+ other Gospels dismissed out of hand? What about the alleged marriage of Jesus to Magdalene? What's accurate and what's not?<br />If Brown hadn't included a bold assertion of fact in his work of fiction (and had this promulgated by a well-oiled publicity machine) I wouldn't be sitting here at my computer at 6:22 am discussing it. But I am, because he did. A fact is a fact. Except, that is, when it's a fiction.
B00005JLT5|5.0|I didn't think that it was possible to out-do Schindler's List which WAS my absolute favorite movie about the Holocaust.  After seeing Schindler's List, I had the opportunity to visit a \\"labor camp\\" in Germany and it made the movie even more profound to me.  I thought that there would never be a movie made that moved me as much as that one had.  Then I saw, \\"The Pianist\\".  I don't know if it is that I'm also a pianist, but this movie moved me in a way that I have never been moved before.  Don't get me wrong, I'm taking not one thing away from Spielberg, but Roman Polanski made this movie much more personal.  It is told from the point of view of ONE man which makes it easier to identify with the character.  I had never heard of Adrian Brody before this movie, but I can definitely see why he won the Oscar.  He did an amazingly believeable portrayal of Szpielman, his struggles, his agony, and his torment.<br />There is violence, some language, I don't recall any nudity or sexuality, but it is not a children's movie.  Maybe mid- to late teen, but not below that.
B00008PX8P|5.0|This is the most exciting collection of concert footage I have ever seen. This DVD is remarkable because who knew such great film of the band even existed? It does make me a little sad to think that I missed out on seeing such greatness live onstage in my lifetime. Anyone who doesn't see how powerful these performances are is just a little bit lost and I have pitty for them. Perhaps the greatest treat of all was seeing the genius of John Bonham that we have seen precious little film of in the past...he was a powerhouse of drumming skill indeed! Long live John Bonham AND the mighty Led Zeppelin!
0767802470|5.0|DAS BOOT is a director's dream : Wolfgang Petersen's dream. In the special features of this DVD, Petersen tells us he wanted to film the ultimate submarine movie. He was lucky enough to have a producer who let him have the final cut. So he could do it.<br />The only critique I can find is that the movie is a little bit too long but you can't blame Petersen for that. It was his dream, after all.<br />And the movie is terrific. The enemy being invisible, you are invited to care for this german crew, the Hollywood enemy by essence for the last fifty years. And it works ! You feel the doubts of these men, their heroism, the tension and their fear.<br />Jurgen Prochnow is magistral and the production great. You soon understand that the British aren't the only enemy of the crew. They have to protect themselves against fire, water and air.<br />A DVD zone claustrophobia.
B000002UJQ|5.0|No need to say anything else...<br />it surely aims to please like no other...
B00005JLPK|4.0|Frida should be celebrated for its fabulously colorful costumes and wonderful all-star cast alone. And of course, Salma Hayek in her amazing breakthrough performance is fantastic as bisexual Mexican artist Frida Kahlo--the film is engrossing and mesmerizing. <br />Shot in and around the Mexico City locations where Kahlo, her husband, Diego Rivera, and their lovers lived and played, \\"Frida\\" brilliantly captures the brightness of the light, the intensity of the colors and the omnipresence of Mexican motifs that informed Kahlo's art. Director Taymor has smartly avoided the traps that make so many films about artists irritating, and the even bigger traps inherent in a biopic of a figure like Kahlo, who became the center of a feverish Sylvia Plath-like victim-cult in the '80s. Taymor eschews the standard Kahlo martyrology, emphasizing instead her triumph over physical and emotional agony, her humor and joie de vivre. And she makes the love that Kahlo shared with Rivera the real subject of the story. <br />Taymor captures both the glamorous, deeply cosmopolitan milieu Kahlo and Rivera inhabited, and the importance Mexico had in the '30s for the international left. The only thing that lets down the feeling of authenticity is the odd accents adopted by cast members like Judd, Valeria Golino (who plays one of Rivera's ex-wives) and Geoffrey Rush. <br />Overall, however, this is an ultimate triumph for Hayek. Recommended!
0375414053|4.0|I can't remember the last time I read a book that made me laugh out loud AND cry! (and I did both while reading on a plane!)<br />I could so relate to Kate's world--loved the descriptions of the \\"mother superiors.\\" One reviewer said that there was no middle option for Kate--it was either high-powered job with tons of travel or no job at all--but I think in the end she was discovering that middle option. The more frustrating thing to me was that she DID have the option not to work all along, even if she was the main bread-winner. Her husband may not have made as much money as she did, but he was, after all, an architect, not an unemployed bum, or even a low-paid menial worker. In any case, it's a wonderful read, painfully and hilariously on-target. And you have to love Winston. If you're a mother and you work and you have a sense of humor, you MUST read this book. And if you know anyone who's a working mother and you'd like to understand her better, read this book.
0446604844|4.0|This book kept me reading until the end, but it is far from a masterpiece of fiction. It always amazed me how the main character, Sidney, a new mom and powerhouse lawyer, constantly escaped the hands of her predators, who, by the way, easily managed to kill everyone else Sidney contacted. But that's fiction for you.<br />Overall I thought this was a good book though. It's the type of book that will keep you turning pages, even when you don't want to anymore. The ending was a little weak, but the story is complex and well written. I know that I'm not giving this book rave reviews, but I do respect authors like Baldacci for their ability to produce a book like this. I say that becuase it's something I don't think I could do.
078322737X|4.0|Is AMERICAN GRAFFITI George Lucas's remembrance of a period he cherishes or an essay retracing the beginning of the sixties in the U.S. ? A mixture of both, I presume.<br />Curt Henderson, like a Federico Fellini hero, wanders through the city and the night, looking for a sign. At the end of the movie, he will have taken a decision. His town is a dream come true: colourful, reassuring and without a single trace of dust. Curt's friends are equally so typical than it's hard to believe that Lucas has really met them in his youth.<br />Anyway, the musical score is one of the trademark of this movie and adds to the nostalgia George Lucas wants us to feel. And it's really heart-warming to believe for two hours that yesterday was so nice and polished.<br />A DVD for the Wolf.
B00008H2LB|5.0|Man this cd rocks... i bought like 5 of them in case i lost one... buy this cd...
B00000JRTX|3.0|Despite very witty and clever one-liners and an amazing cast, Four Weddings and a Funeral never really clicks and ends up as an ultimate disappointment.<br />I had to see this because of its surrounding hype as the ultimate romantic comedy. I really wanted to love the film, and while I enjoyed it at first, it quickly fell flat. The story is a let down and a bit of a stretch. While none of the characters were fully developed, I found myself despising Andie McDowall's character and couldn't understand why Hugh Grant was so infatuated by her. Their entire romance consisted of run-ins at weddings and funerals, two of which were their own--it doesn't quite add up! Characters come and go way too fast and I had troubled telling most of them apart.  Way too many characters, far more interesting than Grant and McDowall put together, are unfortunately wasted here, so the film can concentrate on the implausible romance between the British womanizer and his American love interest. UGH! <br />Overall, this was very unsatisfying and overhyped, definitely not as good as it should have been or is reputed to be. MY Big Fat Greek Wedding, Monsoon Wedding, and hell, even Betsy's Wedding are recommended over this.
B00000K3D4|4.0|I must state out front that I am a rabid David Bowie fan. I was dying to see this movie because he is in it, and because I love fantasy and movies that allow me to regress. This is one of those films.<BR>   I loved the puppets and whimsical characters (especially Ludo, the caterpillar, and the talking hat). The Escher room, and all the associated stunts, made me jump up and down.  And the Labyrinth itself is just COOL.<BR>   I thought David Bowie did a great job, conveying a menacing aura, anger, alarm, and a sad longing and loneliness that truly touched me, with great ease. I liked many of the songs (As The World Falls Down in particular). Jennifer Connelly was quite good as Sara.<BR>   My complaints are these: Sara's development as a character (learning not to take things for granted, etc.) is really, really obvious--even accounting for little kids. I give great credit to Jennifer Connelly for often managing to overcome the heavy-handed script. I must disagree with others here in terms of the craftsmanship--things often looked cheap and poorly done to me. (Note: I saw this on an old VHS version, and the somewhat poor picture quality might have contributed to that--I assume that corrections are made on the DVD.) Jarreth's wig and frighteningly tight pants were distracting, and, rather than relating to Sarah--as I had expected to, sharing a penchant for fantasy and daydreaming with her--I found myself consistently annoyed by her, wanting to tell her, \\"I KNOW it's not fair already, now quit wasting time!\\"<BR>   But all of these things are trivial, compared to the fact that this movie entertained me and made me really happy. I am now dying to own it so I can raise any future children on it, since I missed out--and that, more than anything, shows that this movie succeeds in its mission of entertainment, and deserves to be treasured.
B000059XUP|5.0|People fail to realize that Brandon Lee's character Eric Draven is not the crow but another person that is given the crow's powers. There have been many crow's before him and there will be many after. I think that this movie was great, it had a new look and feel to it that fit the story good. Its sad that Brando lost his life during the making of the first but why let a good franchise die with him. The Crow isnt a super hero that fights crime and saves the world. For a short period of time a perosn is given the powers of the crow to get revenge and once they get revenge they give up the powers and die. So what would be the point of having Brandon Lee play the Crow again if he fulfilled his mission in the first movie.<br />I hear they are making the 4th movie in the series titled The Crow: Wicked Prayer. I hope this one is as good as the first 2. The 3rd one was decent but not as good as the first 2.
0790731479|4.0|Tim Burton is a guy Hollywood should honor every day. He's one of the few who agree to stay in the system and direct personal movies for the majors.<br />And his personal world is something very special. Things have a soul or, at least, come to life under Burton's camera.<br />Beetlejuice is one of the first efforts of Tim Burton and it's already great. There's a style, a signature, a world , details which reveal an authentic creator.<br />It's possible you will hate this world but you will not have losed two hours, I guarantee you. Come and see what can be created with a camera and a little brain.<br />A DVD I'm proud to have in my collection.
0738206679|3.0|Barabasi gives an interesting account of what he and others have done in recent years in the field of networks.  However, one thing I would've liked to see more of is the mathematics behind these ideas. Maybe it is because the book is intended for more of a general audience and not a hardcore science/math audience that Barabasi left the majority of mathematics out.  He does include some when he discusses how the networks he has been dealing with follow power laws, but I would've liked to see more.  I do think that the book has a nice flowing style and is easy to read.  If you want an introduction to some of the current ideas about networks given in a non-technical way, then this is a good book for you.
B00005JLEU|5.0|First, I'd like to say that I'd probably give this 4.5 stars for only a couple reasons... Another reviewer made me realize something that had been lurking in my subconscious for awhile after I saw this movie when my sister got it for her b-day...<BR>#1. Why are we not allowed to care about anyone but Chichiro? And why do we still no virtually nothing about her?<BR>I'm not the first to notice that unlike other Miyazaki films, I really didn't see the character depth usually present... All we know about the main character we sob and smile over for 2 hours is that her name is Chichiro, she has a mother and father, she moved to a new house, and she once almost lost her shoe in a river... That's not much... And we get even less about the other characters... Like I was really curious about Kamaji and Lin... Lin seemed unhappy at the bathhouse \\"Someday I'm getting on that train...\\" How did she come to be at Yubaba's in the first place? Same with Kamaji who saved train tickets for FORTY years just to give them to a little kid, a mouse, a bird, and a no-face... And where did Yubaba get a baby?! I can't help but wonder that several times a minute while watching this film... It's a beautiful movie but we wanted more about the characters... If they had cut out parts at the beginning that got a bit tedious, they might have been able to explain a few things... We're supposed to care about Chihiro, which most of us do by the end of the picture, but we really don't know much about her... Why did her parents decide to move them into such a remote location? What did she like to do before life at the bathhouse? Where had she lived in the first place and what had she been like there? They spend a bit too much time in the scene before Haku tells her to get a job from Yubaba... I brought this over to the kids I was baby-sitting's house and they practically slept through that entire first part... It was artistic but not very entertaining... My dad kept asking, \\"Have we gotten to the good part?\\" In \\"Mononoke\\" they go into great detail about where the characters came from and why and their backgrounds... I didn't see that here...<BR>#2: The ending was somewhat unsatisfying... One minute, Chihiro is flying through the air, the next minute she's passed Yubaba's test, the next moment she's back in the human world going to her new house... I mean... Couldn't we have drawn that out a bit more? We just abandon every character we've grown to know except slightly Haku... Didn't stupid Chihiro have ANY desire to say goodbye to her other friends from the bathhouse like Lin and Kamaji??? WHERE'S THE APPRECIATION HERE?! Then at the end her dad does a nice job posing his comment about how moving to a new place was a little scary... I was expecting a dramatic pause and Chihiro to look out the window to see something that reminded her of the bathouse and then smile and say, \\"I think I can handle it...\\" We don't even get a final shot of her face and she says it so fast before the credits role my little sister completely missed it...<br />But besides that, this is a wonderful movie... Although Chihiro's dubbed voice was a tad annoying at times, most of the voice actors were EXTREMELY well-selected which really surprised me since I've witnessed the horrible dubbings of many great Japanese films... I really liked Lin's voice... It seemed PERFECT for her part... Chihiro's voice in the subbed made me wish for ear plugs! She has this scratchy hoarse voice that sounds like some old dying woman! The French version was cool! (There aren't enough movies translated into French... What's the point of taking it if you never get to use it?) The music is beautiful and the message that by conquering her fears, Chihiro became a better person and was able to save the ones she loved was well put across... I only speculate how Chihiro will react to the human world after spending so much time in the bathhouse... Oh well, guess we'll never know... The great director/writer Miyazaki doesn'tmake sequels...
B000000JO3|5.0|I love this album.  It's no frills rock to the core. Ian's heart is on his sleeve.  The music is a rash of every emotion that a teenager embodies during that time: fury,rage, angry. Minor Threat takes all that they've been force feed,by those who buy into the conventional wisdom of adulthood, and spits it out with the acknowledgement that they can take care of their own problems and rock to the beat of  a different drummer!!! This is classic rock!!!
B00005R2M3|1.0|This gal should not do ballads. Her voice could shatter glass.  Sorry, but Underneath Your Clothes (which in itself is a lame title) is terrible.
B00000G3I2|4.0|Second film of director Lawrence Kasdan, THE BIG CHILL could have been a confidential movie reserved to the 1970 american college educated generation. Fortunately a great cinematography and 8 outstanding actors have put some universality in Kasdan's screenplay.<br />I saw THE BIG CHILL in the theaters in 1983 and what has stayed in my memory from this film is its first scene : the preparation of Alex dead body for the funeral. With a 1970 musical score. Really haunting.<br />Most of the picture has very well passed the test of time except maybe for Sarah's amical sacrifice of her husband's fidelity. A little bit ridiculous in my opinion.<br />Bonus features consist in a documentary with interviews of the director, the cast and the editor as well as SILVERADO's theatrical trailer.<br />A wish you were here DVD.
B00005JLET|5.0|Beautiful animation, amazing dreamlike quality.  We were quite surprised and very pleased.  We had rented a copy and my wife immediately demanded that we buy one for ourselves.  (And we don't have much of a video library, either.)
B00006690G|5.0|Not only has eminem showed that hes the ONLY rapper out there now whos rhymes have more meaning that gettin a girl wit a big bootie like in most rap songs, but it lets you feel EXACTLY how the man feels when he wrote it. Amazing. Just Amazing.
B000000JO3|5.0|I love this album.  It's no frills rock to the core. Ian's heart is on his sleeve.  The music is a rash of every emotion that a teenager embodies during that time: fury,rage, angry. Minor Threat takes all that they've been force feed,by those who buy into the conventional wisdom of adulthood, and spits it out with the acknowledgement that they can take care of their own problems and rock to the beat of  a different drummer!!! This is classic rock!!!
B00008PX8P|5.0|Don't listen to anyone who thinks this isn't worth it.  While there are plenty of great bands and performers out there today, not one in the pop music scene, especially Justine Timberlake, can hold a candle to these guys.  Led Zeppelin plays a pivotal role in rock and roll history.  Their influence will be felt, and talked about, long after the &quot;stars&quot; of today lose their luster...<BR>This DVD is excellent.  Video footage is good and the sound quality is fantastic.  It gives great insight into the strength of this band live.  The music is almost timeless.  For people who were not old enough to see this band, this DVD is the next best thing to being there.
0790729652|5.0|BATMAN is more a Tim Burton movie than a comic book adaptation. Gotham City is clearly a creation of the artist who will build the world of EDWARD SCISSORHANDS one year later.<br />The problem with Michael BATMAN Keaton is that he is able to be himself only when he's disguised as a bat or hidden in his steeled batcar. He has to wear a mask to protect his face. The Joker, on the contrary, doesn't have a mask ; in fact, his face is already a mask. He loves to work on raw material (pitiful Jerry Hall!) or poison cosmetic articles in order to recreate his satanic smile on his victim's faces.<br />BATMAN is a movie which has to be appreciated for a lot of reasons. It's a really good entertainment, the cinematography is great and full of visual ideas, the story can be read at different levels and, last but not least, the musical score will stay as one of the all-time best.<br />Too bad there are no special features to be remembered of.<br />A DVD zone twilight.
0345363132|5.0|The Sunne in Splendour was the first novel I read by Sharon Penman, and I was enthralled immediately. Although I enjoy history, I had never really studied Richard III, and so really had no preconceived opinions about him. Her story seemed incredibly well researched, but at the same time, brought to life the colors, tastes, and textures of the time; this was no dry historical novel. I felt as if I was right there with Richard, his brothers, Warwick, and all the others. I proceded to read all the rest of her books (including her mysteries), and then convinced my husband to read them (He also is now hooked!). I cannot decide if this or Falls the Shadow (Simon de Montforte's story)is her best story. An absolutely amazing book!
B000000JO3|5.0|I love this album.  It's no frills rock to the core. Ian's heart is on his sleeve.  The music is a rash of every emotion that a teenager embodies during that time: fury,rage, angry. Minor Threat takes all that they've been force feed,by those who buy into the conventional wisdom of adulthood, and spits it out with the acknowledgement that they can take care of their own problems and rock to the beat of  a different drummer!!! This is classic rock!!!
B00006JDVV|4.0|This movie falls into the guilty pleasure category for me.  The acting is over the top and many questions remained unanswered at the end; however, the dragon-effects are well done and the movie moves along quite nicely.  There are other dragon movies out there (Dungeons and Dragons, in particular) that are quite droll.  This one keeps you entertained.  The Dolby Digital 5.1 soundtrack is excellent (good use of center, rear, and sub-woofer).  The colors are good, considering that you need to stay in the red tones when dealing with fire!  You may need to up the brightness on your set to get full details in some scenes.  Overall, fun and re-watchable.  (It may, however, be too intense for younger children.)
B00002SWEM|5.0|Directed by the german director Wim Wenders, THE BUENA VISTA SOCIAL CLUB has received the 1999 best european documentary award. And please, take my word for granted, this movie deserves it. And more. Forget Martin Scorsese's THE LAST WALTZ and visit THE BUENA VISTA SOCIAL CLUB !<br />In 1998, the well-known american guitarist Ry Cooder decides to go to Cuba and to record his new CD with cuban musicians. After a few days in the island, he discovers that a certain number of the musicians who made the Cuban sound of the 1930's and the 1940's are still alive. Hypnotized by these legends like Ibrahim Ferrer and Compay Segundo, he produces the record THE BUENA VISTA SOCIAL CLUB with these old guys and organizes two concerts with them, one in Amsterdam and the other at the Carnegie Hall, in New-York.<br />These concerts, along with the studio sessions in La Havana, are the spine of the movie. Interviews with the members of this one-and-only record group in their homes, visits of the heart of La Havana are also going to capture your heart. I'm not a specialist of central america music but I was profoundly moved by these old timers who are certainly the fathers of a great part of what we are listening today.<br />One can also feel the respect of Wim Wenders before these men and women who have preferred to stay, poor and forgotten, in their beloved island, rather than to seek fortune in the U.S.A.<br />Oh yes ! I forgot. The music and the songs are wonderful. Extras are great, so is the quality of the images and the sound. Attention DVD Empire : it's a widescreen format (1:66). Overall, the DVD deserves the perfect 5.<br />A DVD for your library.
B000002J1B|5.0|Being a Yes fan from the beginning, I bought Relayer upon its original release in 1974, and was spellbound from the first listening. Gaining in understanding over the years of what goes into making music, I am even more amazed now by what I hear on this recording than I was almost 30 years ago. Undoubtedly, Relayer represents this group's boldest undertaking; being fostered by some of Steve Howe's most brilliant and unrestrained playing on \\"The Gates Of Delirium\\" and \\"Sound Chaser\\", and by the appearance (alas, for this album only) of Patrick Moraz on keyboard. Moraz's playing infuses this music with a more free and jazzy feel which was missing with Kaye and Wakeman. Of course, Chris Squire anchors the whole album with his distinctive bass genius, and Alan White makes perfection sound easy on percussion. The work is highly instrumental, but Jon Anderson's vocals shine through at the appropriate moments. We can only guess at what this particular lineup might have achieved in subsequent recordings - no doubt it would have been extraordinary.  Beware; this work is not for the faint of heart. It makes some pretty big demands on some listeners -  it is definitely \\"an acquired taste\\" for many as there is much here to take in.  But, if you persevere, you'll be richly rewarded. It is an important and enduring work - a rare gem indeed!
B00008PW3Q|2.0|i admit, i was hoping for another &quot;rumors&quot; like effort and i didnt get it. i did like &quot;murrow turning over in his grave&quot; but other than that, the music was hard to accept as being good. am i just shallow?
B00005K9LK|5.0|This album has got to be one of the best albums Judas Priest has ever put out.  It's an 80's classic.  I didn't find the new extra unreleased song all too interesting but other than that this CD is worth owning.  After this album they released DEFENDERS OF THE FAITH, another classic album.  To prove my point, look how many songs they do in concert from their 80's albums.  After that, it was all downhill except for a very brief time the PAINKILLER album which would be Rob Halford's last appearance on a Judas Priest album before leaving the band in 1992.  Bring back Rob Halford!
0783225547|3.0|Let's return to the catastroph movies of the seventies. Now special effects have improved, there's more money in the business and the audience waits for such films.<br />Roger Donaldson made a correct movie with the written material he had but extremely anonymous ; a dozen hollywood directors could have been able to direct this movie.<br />The beginning of Dante's peak made me think of Jaws. You know ! there's only one guy in town who sees the catastroph coming and nobody is listening to him. Except the audience, of course !<br />Linda Hamilton is great, Pierce Brosnan stony as always, the scenery wonderful and the volcano mean and hot.<br />A DVD to rent when it's cold outside
0440236738|4.0|Eleven years ago Will Kleins girlfriend was found murdered in the basement of her family home.The police suspected Wills brother Ken and a hunt was started. He was reportedly seen in Denmark but again eluded the police.Meanwhile Will had met and fallen in love with Sheila, a co-worker at a teenage shelter and had planned a life with her, haven given up all hope of finding his brother again, even though he believed implicitly in his innocence.One night Sheila disappears and a body, believed to be hers, is found by the side of the road.With the help of his friend Squares,a former white supremicist, Will begins the long task of unravelling an incredible plot which involves all of them and promises to reveal some very unpalatable truths about his family and friends.
B00005AREQ|4.0|Jeff Beck is one of the pioneers of instrumental rock/blues/jazz/everything music. He can bounce from musical style with ease and manages to capture the attention of the most deaf,ignorant music fans. He's not my favorite guitarist for style, but this album proves he's got some serious chops. Check out &quot;Scatterbrained&quot; and &quot;Diamond Dust.&quot; Two of my personal favorites.
B00008YLV2|5.0|BHD is perhaps one of the best war movies I've ever seen(along with \\"we were soldiers\\") because of the realistic violence and the fact that it's as close to the actual event as the filmakers could get.  The PBS and History channel documentaries are very interesting to watch as is the 2 making of BHD on disc 2.  The real Msgt. Matt Eversman and Msgt. Danny McKnight(played by Joshn Hartnett and Tom Sizemore in the film) can be heard on one of the three audio commentaries.  The commentary with the screenwriter and book author provide comic relief because they take turns imitating director Ridley Scott's british accent.  A very well made movie and it will make your head spin watching the documentaries and how it took thousands of people to make this movie without anyone dying all over again in \\"movie explosions\\".... ditch your old BHD dvd and upgrade to this one.
B00008J4P5|5.0|This will be a classic album  (I predict).  I'm not kidding.  I've hated the White Stripes hype, but I broke down and bought this and felt like I was listening to a piece of history in the making.
B00005JLT5|5.0|THE PIANIST has garnered praise from every quarter, including the Academy of Motion Pictures Sciences, and for very solid reasons.  This is a finely spun tale of the courage and dignity of a human soul pitted against one of the cruelist moments in history: the Nazi Final Solution for the Jews in WWII.  For this viewer the larger screen version, though impressive, seemed to attract the vastness of the problem, the litter of corpses, the unrelenting bombings, spontaneous killings, etc.  Viewing this movie on the DVD format makes the story far more intimate and the performances by all members of the cast, headed superbly by Adrien Brody, much more compassionate and human and hence more credible.  Perhaps the story lends itself more to the hushed, in the living room atmosphere that is mirrored in the film than to the epic proportions on a large screen in a dark theatre with a distracting audience.  Roman Polanski has delivered a stunning masterwork here and it is good to know that the more accessible form on DVD will live on much beyond the theatre run.
B00005JLO2|4.0|I thought this film for its type was very good not your usual shoot em up car chase  trash that passes for cinema nowadays!<BR>Atleast it had a reasonable story line and good acting.<BR>The sweeping photography was worth the price of the ticket alone.
B00008DDSC|5.0|People have already given plot details in other reviews...they're missing out on a bit though on what makes this movie stand out and be mememorable--and erotic--beyond your regular \\"soft porn\\" or even hardcore movie.<br />Lee was institutionalized for a suicide attempt--not for the \\"cutting\\"--she was distracted when cutting and cut too deep--it was an accident.  So...she was treated for the suicide attempt--not for the cutting behavior.  <BR>She's a sadist but doesn't realize it.  She WANTS to be a secretary--it's her ultimate job fantasy.  She wants someone to tell her what to do.  Later,when Edward explains to her WHY she cuts herself (it makes her inner pain visible and she can watch it heal--she can't see inner pain and can't make it heal)and tells her YOU WILL NEVER DO IT AGAIN--she gets the control over the behavior that she has fought to control (throwing the \\"sewing kit\\" away, then retreiving from the trash).  She tried--but was unable to do it on her own.  By giving herself over to \\"a higher power\\" she finally achieves this and achieves HER ultimate happiness.  <br />I don't think that he ended the relationship because he was disgusted with himself or the situation.  I think that was his taking the relationship to a newer, higher level of intimacy.  He was punishing her/controlling her.  When she  was consciously making mistakes and eagerly getting into spanking position, it took away any punishment that it had.  What to do now?  The ultimate punishment--fire her!  She is devastated--and decides to just go and marry her \\"boy-friend\\"--a young man who also experienced a \\"break down\\" and had been asking her to marry him. But, while trying on her fiance's mother's wedding dress, she realizes what she needs to do.  She races to the office, barges in and sits down at his desk and refuses to leave. The ultimate fruition of the relationship--she proves her total and unquestioning devotion to him in spite of other people knowing what's going on--even family and friends.  She does this by sitting in his office with her hands flat on his desk without moving from  place, not moving, eating,etc-- even urinating on herself--showing him that she is ready to be his submissive--his ultimate slave.  AND they live happily EVER AFTER.  And that's really the best part in dysfunctional relationships, isn't it?
B00005R2M3|4.0|Some people say that Shakira sounds like a dying goat. I admit I was once one of those people, but my coisin got me into her. The voice really grows on you, and this is a great CD. The only thing I wish was that there were more songs like \\"Whenever, Wherever\\", but it is still a fantastic album!<br />Objection (Tango)-5/5<BR>Underneath Your Clothes-4/5<BR>Whenever, Wherever-5/5<BR>Rules-4/5<BR>The One-5/5<BR>Ready For the Good Times-4/5<BR>Fool-5/5<BR>Te Dejo Madrid-3/5<BR>Poem to a Horse-5/5<BR>Que Me Quedes Tu-2/5<BR>Eyes Like Yours (Ojos Asl)-4/5<BR>Suerte-5/5<BR>Te Aviso, Te Anuncio (Tango)-5/5<BR>AVERAGE RATING-4/5
B00005YW4H|1.0|I checked out this album from my local public library, and Im glad I did not buy it.  This has got to be one of the most boring, slow tempered albums I've ever had the misfortune to listen to.  Its HORRIBLE!. Now, Im sure that Ms. Jones is a lovely person, but Im reviewing her album, and it stinks! How this won all those grammys is beyond me.  Im a pretty eclectic listener and will give anything a chance, let me save you the trouble, DONT give this a chance.  Its the musical equivelant of passing gas.
B00008PC2O|1.0|The Extreme edition is clearly a marketing ploy targeted to bring in extra $$$ with the upcoming T3 release.  The so-called improved picture in the Extreme edition is not noticeable compared to the Ultimate edition.  The Ultimate edition contains more versions of the movie and also has the DTS soundtrack that the Extreme edition lacks.  If you already own the Ultimate edition, don't waste your money on the Extreme edition.
B00005JM1F|5.0|And I thought American Pie was funny. This one had my chest hurting halfway in, and I was in tears as they were rolling credits. If you like the type of comedy that Will Ferrell gave us in SNL, you'll absolutely LOVE this.<br />By comparison, this movie is laugh out loud funnier than American Pie, Undercover Brother, Something about Mary, and Meet the Parents.<br />American Pie 2 and Road Trip were terrible, and didn't get a single laugh out of me.<br />From the butcher job of \\"Total Eclipse of the Heart\\" to Frank the Tank's streaking...Vinnie Vaughn playing his best character since Swingers (you'll be teaching your kids the \\"earmuffs\\" rule)...Luke Wilson's character getting in trouble with a high school girl who keeps popping up at the worst times...there's just too much to say. The movie had me in tears and my chest was killing me, I was laughing so hard. I honestly didn't think I'd like the movie too much going in, and I intended to put it on as background noise while packing for my weekend trip. I shouldn't have sat down to watch. Right when I sat down and started laughing, it was over for me. The laughs just kept coming and coming, harder and harder.<br />Unlike American Pie 2, which serves as a reminder to the jokes of American Pie 1, and Road Trip, which tries really hard to be funny but fails miserably, everything about Old School works. It doesn't have to try hard. Will Ferrell is a master at his style of comedy, and the same can be said for Vinnie Vaughn.<br />I honestly don't think I've ever laughed so hard while watching a movie. Much funnier than classics like Animal House, Porkies, Airplane, Hot Shots, the Naked Gun, or any of those. MUCH funnier.<br />It was funny!
0380789035|5.0|Ideally, a reader would pick up &quot;American Gods&quot; and jump right into it without the &quot;benefit&quot; of any reviews. It leads you on such a strange and winding journey through many odd places and meeting many odder people (some of whom aren't really people), that it's best done with no other guide than Shadow, whose humor and practicality and abiding love for his dead wife hold us with him throughout. The reader catches on as the book progresses, and learns a lot along the way. As the Nike ads might say, Just Read It.
0780622553|5.0|Now, this truly is a great movie, and is worth the rent at the very least by any Sci-Fi/Fantasy fan. <BR>The problem I have is with all the other reviewers saying that the Matrix copied Dark City, some of it was filmed at the same places, but think about this. Dark City was released 1 year before The Matrix (so it did come out first,) but odds are The Matrix in that year was more or less working on the special effects, and not the plot of the movie. <br />This movie is great, but I am getting tired of it getting compared to The Matrix so much.
B000089RVX|5.0|Evanescence is one of the best rock bands to come out in a while.  Led by Amy Lee's haunting vocals and Ben Moody's rocking guitar riffs, I guarantee that everyone can find at least one song on this album that they like:<BR>1. GOING UNDER - A great, high-energy song with unique lyrics and a Linkin Park-like sound.  Probably one of the best songs on the disc and a well-chosen second single - 5/5<BR>2. BRING ME TO LIFE - Ah, the first single - who doesn't know the chorus by now? \\"Wake me up inside...\\" I must confess that, though it is a good song, it can get kind of annoying, especially with Paul McCoy's screeching - 4/5<BR>3. EVERYBODY'S FOOL - Similar in sound to \\"Going Under,\\" but Amy Lee's voice sounds gutwrenchingly emotional on this one as the lyrics tell of a former love whose life is a lie - 5/5<BR>4. MY IMMORTAL - This emotional ballad was a very pleasant surprise after the three opening tracks.  It's my favorite song on the album, due largly in part to Lee's (once again) phenomenal vocal range - 5/5<BR>5. HAUNTED - This song has a very appropriate title due to its spooky melody and lyrics that tell of loss.  A good song, but a little too scary and gothic for my tastes - 4/5<BR>6. TOURNIQUET - The lyrics relate tales of depression and suicide, which Amy Lee delivers with spirtuality and grace as she asks for deliverance.  Truly and hauntingly beautiful - 5/5<BR>7. IMAGINARY - I like the idea of a song about an imaginary world, and the lyrics, melody, and vocals are praiseworthy.  The song altogether, though, is not one of my favorites - 4/5<BR>8. TAKING OVER ME - Vocally, it's one of the best and most gutsy songs on the album as Lee demonstrates her full range, and it has lyrics to match.  The only setback is that it sounds too much like the other songs on the record - 5/5<BR>9. HELLO - My second favorite, and another ballad.  Lyrically, I like this song the best, as the thought of being someone else's mind is oddly attractive.  Above all else, a beautiful song - 5/5<BR>10. MY LAST BREATH - I often confuse this one with #8, though these lyrics remind me of something someone like Scott Stapp is more likely to write.  Still, a great rock song with good opening instrumentals - 4/5<BR>11. WHISPER - My least favorite song on the record.  It sounds a bit boring and bland, and the lyrics aren't much to write home about either.  Save for Amy Lee's vocals, this one would be rather disposable - 3/5
0679720200|5.0|To say that this is an existential work proves that you are an intellectual half-wit and know nothing of the life of Camus or his work. This is largely biographical, until the point of the arab murder, and follows Camus's own personal conflicts with class, familial relationships, ethnic relations, and illness. This should not be read with out first at least skimming THE REBEL. That will give some insight into one of the most under appreciated intellectuals heros of the 20th century.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Radiohead has outdone themselves with this CD.  Very different than previous CDs (as seems to be Radiohead's pattern), it's one of the CDs I can't live without.  Distinctive songs, catchy melodies, intriguing rhythms.... in short, a must-have CD.
B0000931OG|5.0|Yes, I know this isn't the classic Blur with Graham Coxon (who's the best British rock guitarist of the last decade.....YES, he's better than Jonny Greenwood!) but this is still a great album.  From the haunting, driving beats and melodies of Ambulance, On the Way to the Club, and Brothers and Sisters to the absolute gorgeous beauty of Out of Time and Battery in Your Leg, this album is wonderful.  Weak spots are the too-long Jets and the derivative, but awfully damn catchy Crazy Beat (which I still like).  Blur live is great, and this album sounds wonderful in a live setting.....you owe it to yourself to check out Blur live AFTER giving this album multiple listens.<br />Not quite as good as 13 or Blur, but right there.  A comparison to anything previous to the 1997 Blur album would be ridiculous as the band's direction is so different than it was pre-1996.
B000069AUI|5.0|A friend introduced me to Coldplay in February '03, and since then &quot;A Rush Of Blood&quot; has not left my cd player.  Sure, I had heard their radio singles &quot;Yellow&quot; (from the album &quot;Parachutes&quot;) and &quot;Clocks,&quot; but I didn't really give any thought to buying the entire albums.  If you enjoy melancholy rock and Brit pop, you will not be disappointed by &quot;A Rush Of Blood.&quot;<br />The tracks are very well written, each one with a catchy melody and hook.  And the album is pretty balanced between ballads (&quot;In My Place,&quot; &quot;The Scientist,&quot; and the title track) and mid- to up-tempo rock tracks (&quot;Clocks,&quot; &quot;God Put A Smile Upon Your Face,&quot; and &quot;Daylight&quot;).  Additionally, the lyrics have a lot of feeling and emotion in them (and I don't always pay attention to that stuff).<br />In the past 12 months, I have purchased literally hundreds of albums, but none that I have enjoyed as much as &quot;A Rush Of Blood.&quot;  Take a listen for yourself, and you will understand why the album won a Grammy.  Try this one first, and if you like it (actually, you will probably love it), then I would also highly recommend their debut album &quot;Parachutes,&quot; which has almost received an equal amount of playing time on my stereo.
0060506989|5.0|I didn't see the movie and I'm not a military history buff.  I just happened to read the book because I couldn't find anything else that was interesting to read, and the photo insert of the men and their families caught my attention.  Needless to say, I was incredibly moved by this book.  It was written in a way that was real rather than polished.  It was painful and heartbreaking, and I was truly touched by a story I never knew could have happened.  I didn't find it to be a difficult story to follow at all.  I kept referring to the pages where the authors conveniently listed and described the main players.  I did require some outside assistance when it came to the authors' description of the weapons used.  Harold Moore was awesome--an extraordinary leader who inspired his men. The gritty images and honest message of this book will stay with you for a long, long time.
B000002KHZ|2.0|I have enjoyed James Taylor's songs and music style for many years and was excited to finally purchase some of his music.  However, I was extremely disappointed to hear the version of Steamroller at the end of side 1. The rest of the album is great.<br />If the record producers were trying to make a statement they did.  I can not play this tape around my daughter because of the vulgar language in the aforementioned song.  I wish I had had the foresight to read others reviews of the album before I had purchased it.  I will use more caution in the future when purchasing a James Taylor album .....if I ever do.
B000002MY3|5.0|I must say that this is one of the best CD's of the 90's.  After hearing the song \\"Ironic\\", I purchased this CD not knowing that I was in for a pleasant surprise. Other highlights are \\"You Oughta Know\\", \\"Right Through You\\", \\"Head Over Feet\\" and \\"Mary Jane\\". The whole CD is Awesome.
0385509456|5.0|It's hard to know where to begin the praise.  Apparently Mark Haddon has written for children before and, in his youth, worked with the autistic.  Whatever he gleaned from these experiences have been put to extraordinary use in the creation of his protagonist, Christopher Boone.  Christopher is, for lack of a better word, a detective.  Not your usual detective, but a teenager suffering from a neurological syndrome that makes him very good at math and science and rather confused by the rest of life.  Therein lies the strength of the plot.  The reader must stay awake.  Everything is supplied via Christopher's eyes and it is up to the reader to choose when to share the character's focus and when to concentrate on what might seem peripheral.  Ultimately, the plot becomes secondary.  Not to say that the solving of the title's 'Curious Incident' and another twist or two aren't fun, it's just that Christopher's eyes prove overwhelmingly addictive.  Haddon's created one of those rare characters that provoke sentiment without ever being sentimental, that you'd rather not see go.
B000000OQ5|4.0|Back in 1986, this album was a big deal. In a sea of poofy-hair heavy metal bands (and bands pretending to worship the devil), Tesla came out of nowhere with a debut album of straightforward hard rock songs. Sounding like a Midwestern Def Leppard, they had a couple ballads, three or four songs about rocking all night, and even a political song.<br />Listening to it now, it's a little cheesy but too sincere to dislike. They know how to write a song and they can play, but they didn't have a gimmick that would embarass them later. The only real drawback to the album is the song \\"Little Suzi.\\" It's so good, you can't avoid noticing how mediocre the rest of the album is.
0440237688|3.0|I had to read this book in my english lessons!<BR>My opinion of this book is that it is very boring because many parts are difficult to read (Im from Germany)!<BR>There is no action in this book! The topic is very interesting but its too short and there are not enough descriptions about the community and there history!<BR>The Open-end is a big mistake. I want to know how does the story ends!<BR>An other penalty point is that the story is written in a long-winded way.<BR>This book could be better.
B0000027D5|5.0|Many complaints have been lodged against this album including comments regarding the excess length of songs, the constant noodling, the missing presence of Carlos Santana, the lack of an overall melody, and poor sound quality.    To begin with, the length of the songs is excellently chosen. And believe it or not Supernatural fans, each song is well planned out.  Most reviewers who have a beef with this album's length don't like jazz to begin with, and desire that Carlos keep within the bounds of his late 60's and late 90's hit making three minute song machine.  The greatness of Lotus is its ability to take all of Carlos' beautiful melodies and expand them each into a whole new creation.        Despite the extended length of songs on Lotus, there is no excessive noodling.  Each solo has a central rhythmic and melodic structure that was used to express in a moment what can never been repeated.  Unlike earlier Santana albums, Carlos allows other musicians (i.e. excellent keyboards and Latin percussion) to express beautiful melodies over a palette of amazing chord progressions and tight rhythms.  In addition Carlos is in his best recorded form, from the subtlety displayed on Samba Pa Ti to the incredible Incident at Neshabur.  Lotus is pure genius if for nothing but the second disk of material.  Carlos' guitar tone on Lotus is perfect in its ability to express cleanly when played gently and fire up when played with great passion.        Lotus is one of the single greatest achievement in guitar playing in terms of Santana's ability to harness and realize the melodic powers of the guitar.  No other guitarist I have heard (Jimi, Django, Allman, Clapton, Beck, and even McLaughlin) has unlocked the mystery of a melodic, singable solo more completely than Carlos Santana did on this record.        In regards to the recording quality and mix, I believe it to be one of the best live album ever made.  This album is not meant to sound up-front like a studio album or have lots of crowd noise like live albums made in the late 70's till today have.  Lotus is meant to sound endless and reverberate with great warmth.  The mic positioning, engineering, and mixing is top notch.  Every instrument is balanced and every subtlety is audible and clear.  If you have never tried to mix a live album, you would never know how hard it is to achieve the level of warmth and tonal quality Lotus produces.          Lotus is near the top of recorded music of all time.  Many years after \\"Smooth\\" is forgotten, future generations and historians will look upon Lotus as one of the most important achievements in modern music history.
B00005JKZV|5.0|The second part to Peter Jackson's collosal LORD OF THE RINGS trilogy is even more visually impressive than FELLOWSHIP, with new characters including King Theoden, Eomer, Grima Wormtounge and the ancient Treebeard. This time around, the fellowship has parted into three groups; Frodo and Sam force Gollum to take them to the black gate at Mordor and Aragorn, Legolas and Gimli search for Merry and Pippin. And the Istari Gandalf returns as the more powerful Gandalf the White after defeating the Balrog. The story is more emotional than Fellowship, and the central characters are stronger presences than before. Jackson's excellent direction makes this one of the most amazing films ever made. From the march of the ents toward Isengard, Saruman unleashing his army to \\"Destroy the world of men\\", it all culminates in the incredible battle of Helm's Deep, an amazing action sequence where the seamless blend of CG and live-action builds up to a fantastic climax.<br />Howard Shore's strident score encapsulates the very essence of Tolkein's thoughts and emotions. Ian McKellen turns in another great performance as Gandalf, but it is Viggo Mortensen as Aragorn who does most of the action here, and he's great. John Rhys- Davies and Orlando Bloom provide strong gravitas, plus with such a vast array of strong supporting actors, the combined strength of veterans like Benard Hill as Theoden and Christopher Lee as Saruman makes the story come alive.<br />As strong as the characters are in TOWERS however, it's the CG-created Gollum that is the most amazing. Putting lame Jar-Jar and Harry Potter creatures to shame, Andy Serkis' performance helps the emotional presence of an essentially computer-generated character come to life. Treebeard and the Ents are fantastic examples of top-notch CG, but they say that the best effects are the ones you don't notice, which is true in this film. You are so focused on the story, the fleshed-out characters and the spirit of Tolkein's tome coming to life that the CG is simply assisting the tale. This is a film which you have to watch at least three times to fully appreciate all the effort that went into making a true masterpiece.<br />This is one of the most eagerly-awaited DVD releases this year. Extras include an on set documentary: The Two Towers, \\"Return to Middle-earth\\" making of the movie, eight lordoftherings.net featurettes, trailers and the \\"Gollum Song\\" music video. Interestingly, the short film by Sean Astin \\"The Long and Short of It\\" is included, aswell as a 10-minute behind-the-scenes preview of \\"The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King\\" and a preview of the Two Towers Video Game. A Must-Buy DVD.t the CG is simply assisting the tale. This is a film which you have to watch at least three times to fully appreciate all the effort that went into making a true masterpiece.<br />This is one of the most eagerly-awaited DVD releases this year. Extras include an on set documentary: The Two Towers, \\"Return to Middle-earth\\" making of the movie, eight lordoftherings.net featurettes, trailers and the \\"Gollum Song\\" music video. Interestingly, the short film by Sean Astin \\"The Long and Short of It\\" is included, aswell as a 10-minute behind-the-scenes preview of \\"The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King\\" and a preview of the Two Towers Video Game. A Must-Buy DVD.
B000004166|5.0|I love violin music and this CD puts Mozart's finest pieces together so well.  The London Symphony Orchestra and the New Philharmonia Orchestra do a fantastic job with Mozart's music.
B00006JJ1O|5.0|I'll keep this short and simple this album is an impressive debut by two talented artist's (both are fully traind musician's) and if certain people did any kind of home work they would know that the majority of Tatu fan's are in fact teenage Girl's/young Women and not dirty old Men as some people on here claim.<br />Anyway the music is brilliant for the best part of the album only Malchik Gay is a let down since they changed the music from the brilliant Techno of the original Russian version to a quite annoying Acoustic sound, the diffinate highlight's for me are Show Me Love and Clown's which is a beatifull meoldy.<br />In closing this is great album that is worth the money regardless of what some ill-informed people tell you.
B00008PX8P|5.0|This is the best DVD you'll ever be able to purchace in the world of Rock n'Roll. This is a diamond, and a well shined diamond at that...<br />Led Zeppelin in their prime, live on stage, with over 5 hours of live concert footage!!!!....<br />This is ROCK AND ROLL HEAVEN. 10 Stars wouldn't do this justice.<br />BUT IT NOW!!!!
B00008DDSC|5.0|This is the most beautiful romance on film since Leaving Las Vegas.  These people are damanged, yes, but that's what makes them all the more real.  We all have kinks in our closets.  Truly wonderful.
B00008DDSC|5.0|Secretary clearly doesn't appeal to everyone. Some people would view Lee and Mr. Grey as troubled people with a mental disorder. Some just take it with a sense of humor. But Lee really says it best when she explains how she found love that feels right for her. Nowadays everybody generalizes everything, saying that something or other applies to everyone. Clearly this isn't true, and it's about time more people realized it. Secretary is a beautifully funny, yet serious movie. The performances are astonishing, and why Maggie Gyllenhaal didn't win the Golden Globe is beyond me.
0553208845|5.0|Siddhartha is a young Indian man who goes in search of life's answers, and finds them, but not in the form he anticipated. He encounters the Buddha, but is not content with the role of disciple, and so continues on his journey. He learns from everything and everyone: a beautiful courtesan, a merchant, a ferryman, the river. At last, toward the end of his life, he finds the peace for which he'd been searching. Blending Eastern and Western philosophy and spirituality, &quot;Siddhartha&quot; is a deceptively simple fable with a deafening resonance about spiritual exploration. This is a book to savor, to take one's time reading, to enjoy each nuance of phrase.
B000069HP6|2.0|What could have been one of the best sci-fi movies ever made, turned into a mildly effective Disney fare that was waiting to open it's piggy bank, hoping space opera fans and kids alike will shake lots of cash in. Maxmillian Schell was the perfect pick as the spontaneously crazed Dr. Reinhart. His temper is fueled by people doubting his work, or the unexplained. Too bad that the cool Robert Forester fueled little character into his protective Captain of the PALAMINO. Anthony Perkins, and Ernest Borgine were fair as the doctor and engineer of the crew, as was Yvette Mimieau playing Dr. Kate. Joseph Bottoms was the comic AND young cowboy, making a few good chuckles. All of the driods were great, minus the century troopers, that moved like a bunch of department store manequins. Maxmillian, whoa. I really hought he was as intimidating as Darth Vader. His towering red figure, especially in the dark , well, don't get caught alone with him. You won't come back.<BR>  Vincent is a REAL original droid, an intellectual with a sense of spritely humour, and a cool design. Thumbs up for ol' Bob too.<BR> The CYGNUS and settings are immensely triumphant and an awe to see. Now, for the hollow part of the log.<BR>  The dialouge and ideas of the tale are all almost sheer dumb. <BR> A lot of the effects are very modern and slick, even for today (oh, yes they are!) The problem lies in a few too many copied ideas, and humans in space, still breathing? And how could a droid, even with great hydraulic gravity rescue a human from the very imminent gravity of a BLACK HOLE? Also too Disney friendly and should have been more adventurous, tragic, and even a possible thriller-now that is a great thought. Anyways, too much of the script and even event possibilities are enough to dampen this potential classic-aw rats. I love watchin' it still....love the idea and effects. A remake?? Heyyyy......!
B000053V9F|5.0|This film is based on Jim Garrison's book, which tells of his investigation into the conspiracy. JG joined the National Guard in 1940, served five years in Army artillery, went to law school, joined the FBI, went home to New Orleans, and was elected District Attorney (3 terms) and then a judge. The controversy around this movie is due to Oliver Stone's dramatization of the facts. In one scene DA Garrison points out that LH Oswald's Camp St. address was across from the FBI, the CIA, and Naval Intelligence. At that point in time the offices of the FBI and CIA were a few blocks away. But the point is dramatically made: the &#34;Fair Play for Cuba Committee&#34; was practically underfoot. Who was watching them?   I think it was a mistake to cast Ed Asner as the private detective who was former Naval Intelligence, former FBI. Efrem Zimbalist JR had a better resemblance. Walter Matthau played Senator Russell Long. The movie generally follows the book. DA Garrison hears of the connection to David Ferrie, and turns him over to the FBI; nothing happened. A few years later he talks to Senator Long and learns of his doubts on the Warren Report. JG then opens his own investigation into any crime committed in New Orleans. When his secret investigation is uncovered, the corporate media vilify his operation. There was NO cooperation from either J Edgar Hoover, President LBJ, or government agencies. The trial ended with a 'not guilty' verdict. The Congressional investigations in the 1970s revealed many more facts. Many books were written from this new information.   The &#34;Mister X&#34; brought in as a 'deus ex machina' is not in Garrison's book. He is based on L Fletcher Prouty, whose articles or books were available to Oliver Stone. LF Prouty joined the Army in 1941, and retired decades later. His experiences were in &#34;Black Ops&#34;: executive action for the Government. Prouty was in the Philippines, Vietnam, etc. Prouty pointed out that it was SOP to have Army officers scout any location for a Presidential visit. It was not done in Dallas. The questions of &#34;Mr X&#34; remain: who benefited from JFK's assassination, and, who could cover it up.   So watch and enjoy this drama. You should read &#34;On the Trail of the Assassins&#34;, or other books on the unsolved mystery of the Assassination of JFK. Is the conspiracy still trying to kill JFK's reputation? JFK was neither the first or last Ruler to enjoy female companionship as a perquisite of office, like stars in music or sports. Politicians are not moral role leaders, like ministers, priests, or rabbis. An assassin who uses a pistol will be caught or killed. They are fanatics who sacrifice themselves for their cause. As assassin who uses a rifle will be able to get away to collect his pay; this implies a conspiracy. You can decide for yourself.
B00005V3Z4|5.0|to be honest, i first heard of this movie from a friend who had gone to see it. he completely hated it. i still dont know why.<br />donnie darko possibly is the most creative and original movie in existance. it is omitted from all genres and categories, through its severely warped and twisted storyline, mixed with it's intelligent depiction of issues. jake gyllenhaal plays donnie darko, a schizophrenic adolescant on the verge of insanity, due to his insane amount of questioning life. after being confronted by a huge bunny rabbit curiously named Frank, Donnie begins to hallucinate and drift between the realms of reality and.. well, fantasy. the most intriguing aspect of Donnie Darko is its enigmatic and ominous nature. Gone are the shallow teen flicks with bright colours and pretty faces - this movie is dark. very dark. after watching this movie, you will definitely say, \\"ok, so what actually happened?\\" this alien concept is fantastic - the audience is left confused, yet they are still entertained. the compelling storyline draws you to think for hours upon hours of what the movie was about. then you will watch it again. and again, and again. this movie sits you down, tells you to shut up and pay attention. the scary thing is, you do what you're told. another fantastic aspect is Kelly's portrayal of Donnie's environment. kelly successfully and effectively manages to convey modern-day life in america in the 80s, and in turn shows how Donnie's domestic situation helps to further create confusion for him.The movie follows donnie and how he deals with his new look on his life. Richard Kelly amazingly submerges the audience into a completely different world, and delves into the human psyche to convey how warped donnie really is. with credit to acting, gyllenhaal makes an undoubtedly memorable performance. it's also VERY chilling - you WILL shudder with disbelief and suspicion when Donnie asks Frank why he wears \\"that stupid bunny suit\\" only to receive the clear, but implicit statement - \\"why do you wear that stupid human suit.\\" chilling indeed.<br />this movie WILL be remembered in years to come - mark these words. If Scarface can do it, Donnie Darko has all possibility. and after watching this movie - you will believe that anything is possible.
0345440900|4.0|At first I hated this book! When Grace wasn't sleeping (co-sleeping) &quot;through the night&quot; or taking a nap longer than twenty minutes at four months, I was ready to give anything besides letting her cry a try. I hadn't been without my baby for more than thirty minutes (my shower) day or night. I moved her out of my bed into her crib for naps and bedtime in less than two weeks with Tracey's help. No more walking/rocking to sleep for Grace! She now sleeps six hour stretches at night and at least an hour for each nap. She is a much happier baby and other people can watch her now.<br />Every baby is different, so this book is not for every baby. When you're at your wits end, Tracey offers humor and a loving motherly tone to help you through. I would suggest this book along with &quot;No-cry sleep solution.&quot; Your baby has to learn how to sleep just like you have to learn how to be a mother!
B00005JM09|5.0|Come July 2nd a whole new chapter in the Terminator Series will be revealed to movie screens all around the world. Of course seeing as the movie hasn't been released yet, this review will simply be going over some aspects of the Terminator Trilogy and will be edited when the movie is released.<br />When James Cameron was sick in Rome he had a vision. A vision of a cyborg machine arising from the flames. Terminator and movie history was born. The Terminator series has made its mark on filmmakers and audiences everywhere. Before Matrix was even devised, James Cameron made the story of Man Vs Machine into a blockbuster hit. The rise of technology shows no bounds as Cameron taps into the rise of machines and even comments how they could be the next step in the Evolutionary chain. <br />Arnold Schwarzenegger can warrant most of his fame and fortune to James Cameron's 'Terminator'. And even James Cameron can warrant most of his success as a director to his Terminator movies.<br />Terminator made its mark on the film industry with its use of Computer generated images. It evolved the bounds that many people thought that computers could do and is now used in pretty much every Hollywood film. With help from CGI, Terminator 2: Judgement Day even surpassed the original Terminator. Although the plot had would of contributed to that success as well.<br />The 'Terminator' story started off with a Terminator sent back to kill Sarah Connor as she was the mother of John Connor, the future leader of the Rebels against the Machines. A human, named Kyle, was also sent back by the future John Connor to protect his mother. What John Connor didn't realise when sending back Kyle was the he and Sarah Connor would fall in love and Kyle would actually be his father. Both the Terminator and Reese died ending the first chapter in the Terminator series.<br />Terminator 2: Judgement Day, picks up with John Connor as a foster rebel child with his mother in an insane asylum. A Terminator is sent back through time again... although the human rebels reprogrammed an older terminator model to protect John Connor.  An upgraded Terminator, T-1000, is sent back also to destroy John Connor. Skynet, the mysterious corporation that was the brains and rise of the machines needs to be destroyed as it has got parts of the first terminator sent back through time which makes them excel their research and production of machines. The parts are found and destroyed along with both terminators. Ending the apocalyptic war of Man Vs Machine in the future.<br />So is everything has been taken care of, then what can we expect from the 3rd installment of the Terminator Series? <br />Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines. A decade has passed since John Connor (NICK STAHL) helped prevent Judgment Day and save mankind from mass destruction.  Now 22, Connor lives \\"off the grid\\" - no home, no credit cards, no cell phone and no job.  No record of his existence.  No way he can be traced by Skynet - the highly developed network of machines that once tried to kill him and wage war on humanity.  Until...<br />...out of the shadows of the future steps the T-X (KRISTANNA LOKEN), Skynet's most sophisticated cyborg killing machine yet.  Sent back through time to complete the job left unfinished by her predecessor, the T-1000, this machine is as relentless as her human guise is beautiful. <br />Now Connor's only hope for survival is the Terminator (ARNOLD SCHWARZENEGGER), his mysterious former assassin.  Together, they must triumph over the technologically superior T-X and forestall the looming threat of Judgment Day...or face the apocalypse and the fall of civilization as we know it.<br />One big downfall to the third film so far is that James Cameron and Linda Hamilton are not scheduled to be apart of this blockbuster hit. Jonathon Mostow has been signed to direct this successful series. To be honest, I don't know much about Mostow's work so I can't comment on whether he'll be a pro or a con to thismovie smash.<br />I, personally, would of preferred to see the movie set in the future with the battle between Man Vs Machine in full throttle. Instead the plot is set exactly like it was in T2, except with a newly upgraded terminator. The great aspects of the first 2 movies was that the storyline took leaps forward while this movie seems to be just an upgraded Cat and Mouse chase.<br />I can only hope that this movie can continue the tradition of surpassing its Terminator predecessors. The CGI looks state of the art, the action scenes look intense and the hype is off the page. 12 years has passed since the last Terminator movie and only time will tell if it's worth its stay in the Terminator series.<br />But you better believe Arnold when he say's he'll be back, cause he's back on July 2nd.
0156027321|5.0|Usually when reading a book I devour it!  Completely!  Within hours!  With Life of Pi I found myself reading a few chapters and then putting it down -- not because it wasn't good, quite the opposite!  It was because the book was SO good I needed time to reflect on what I had read.  Life of Pi isn't one of those &quot;fluff&quot; novels ... it promotes thinking.  I finished the book a few days ago and I STILL can't get it off my mind.  Admittedly, as mentioned in the above reviews, there are a few areas that read a little slow; however, I don't believe that is a reflection of the work itself ... perhaps the parts that read slow for me are due to a lack of prior knowledge or interest.  This novel does provide a lot of food for thought ... from the idea of zoos, to biology, to religion, to the instinct of survival.  Overall, top marks for Martel's book!  P.S. At the end of the novel &quot;book talk&quot; questions have been added.  Excellent for book clubs or even personal reflections.
B000000W6F|5.0|the Smashing Pumpkins' 1991 debut, Gish, is one of the most underrated albums of the 90s alternative scene, overshaodwed by Nirvana's Nevermind, and Pearl Jam's Ten, released in the same year. A lot of the songs are heavy and spectacular, but the band often ventured into neo-psychedelic melodic sequences in their music early on in their career. <br />They venture into hard rock bombast on songs like Siva, I Am One, Bury Me and Tristessa, dramatic epics like Rhinocerous and Snail, psychedelic-pop like Crush and Daydream, and dark and gloomy jams like Suffer and Window Paine. Wow, I mentioned all 10 songs. All of the songs have beauty glistening off the polished production and the occasional darkness that looms over some of the songs. For a debut, Billy Corgan and his bandmates seemed like alternative veterans in the realm of Jane's Addiction, the Cure and My Bloody Valentine. Their sense of extraordinary musicality is evident throughout the entire album, and Gish is just as good as Mellon Collie and Siamese Dream. <br />Gish deserved to be a major hit. Gish is definitely one of the most confident sounding and musically exquisite debuts in rock music, and from listening to Gish, you can just tell that the Pumpkins were destined to become the huge band they were, and they deserved to be.
B00005ASGG|5.0|Critics of John Wayne have often said that he only ever played one kind of Western character:  a crude, tough-as-nails, trigger-happy, and irrational man who mistreated women but got their love anyway.  Well, this movie should silence those critics.  Wayne plays a gunslinger all right, but the character here (Tom Doniphan) is a unique one, to be sure.  <br />Also starring in this movie is James Stewart, who plays a young lawyer coming to bring 'law and order' to the West.  He manages to get tangled up with a notorious villain, Liberty Vallance (Lee Marvin), and from there he and Doniphan's paths cross until SOMEBODY shoots Liberty.  <br />This is a great film by a great Director (John Ford).  It leaves you with something to think about, and will definitely not allow you to think of the Duke's character (Doniphan) as a flat, one-sided gunman.  In fact, this is Ford's idea of a sort of Western tragedy, and it is a good one.  For storyline and plot, there are few John Wayne movies that top the Man Who Shot Liberty Vallance.
B00005O3VC|2.0|I'm not sure what it is that I don't like about this movie. It seems there is something off balance that is apparent from the opening sequence. Obviously all the reveiws for this movie were written by fans. Most people who wouldn't like this movie most likely have not heard of it, or barely remember. It does not leave a lasting impression unless you find it hilarious. Filmed on a shoestring budget and probably in locations within just a few miles of each other, this movie is a journey into the bizarre and dryer then a dessert humor of one of Englands most popular comedy troups. Rest assured, if you like English humor, this movie will most likely leave you rolling on the floor. For some who just can't laugh that hard at it, you may find yourself giving up on it early. There is some tremendously funny writing and some very cerebal wit. For example, the argument about whether a swallow can carry a coconut during it's migration. The taunting of the Frenchman from the top of the castle wall. The dual with the black knight, and the killer bunny. The hightlight being the peasent in the road who King Arthur mistakes for an old woman and gets a tougue lashing for the simple mistake. Even these moments though rely on the bizarre circumstance that these people don't ride horses but pretend to with the sounds they make with two coconuts to show you that there is absolutly nothing to be taken seriously and nothing that shouldn't be considered off the wall. This movie seems funnier when quoteing lines in the company of friends, rather then watching it straight out. My personal tastes do not run to something this unbalanced, but I realize it is adored by many. So to those who enjoy it, knock yourselves out. To those who enjoy more straight foward smart comedy, I would suggest Real Genius.
078324228X|5.0|What a fantastic movie of Reuben Carter's life.... if this movie doesnt do it for you, you've been spending too much time reading reviews and not enjoying life!
B00005JKOI|2.0|A typical John Hughes 80s flick, Pretty in Pink has the misfortune of including both Andrew McCarthy and Molly Ringwald as lead characters.  As anybody who has seen either Mannequin, Less Than Zero, or St. Elmo's Fire can attest to, Mr. McCarthy is always suffering from the presence of superior actors(James Spader x 3, and Rob Lowe, of all people).  Ms Ringwald works well if she has a better romantic lead, but she cannot carry the load in this film.  The rich/poor love connection could best be described as a cliche of a cliche, and Mr. McCarthy's character appears to have no more charm than a blue shirt and a sport coat can muster, thus foiling the audience's attempt to believe that Ms. Ringwald would fall for the &quot;richie.&quot;  <BR>The one bright spot in the film was the too-small role of James Spader as a golden boy with a nasty edge.  Personally, I would have liked to see him trample Mr. McCarthy for being so damn boring rather than be apalled at the unlikely love intetrest he has developed.<BR>Memo to Mr. Hughes: Fire your casting director.
B000088E6M|5.0|This is a great album by 50 cent he was spitting on this album this and Mobb Deep album is the best of the year so far he is great i love this he has a great flow and street rhymes with this album he is up there with Biggie,Nas,2pac and Jay-z.
B000002AGN|3.0|This album begins with an intriguing concept of exploring the possibilities beyond 4/4 and the occasional waltz in jazz, and proceeds to take several runs as the prospect. Of the two stand out tracks, Blue Rondo A La Turk is interesting because of the compound meter and the successful use of the overarching crescendo. Take 5 is even more interesting because it actually sounds like a fully realized piece rather than a deliberate sketch where they're trying to write in new meters rather than happening to have ideas in new meters (this is an important distinction). Not enough has been written about Paul Desmond's masterful playing on all tracks, especially Take 5 (his own composition). He's the real standout instrumentalist here. If you like the approach to classicism in this album, John Lewis from the Modern Jazz Quartet is a superb, understated pianist and an excellent writer who deserves much more widespread name recognition.
0446310786|5.0|This book is AMAZING!! I don't want 2 bore u with the details of what its about which u must of gotten from all the other reviews! This book is so much deeper than u think. I personally rather read it for pleasure than for a school project but I always find that those make u look deeper than u thought was possible. The book is about more than racial problems in a little community its also about the bonds that tie everyone and everything no matter how different each is. If u havnt read the book read it now! It is not a waste of money in my opinion! Don't let it bore u for once u get into the heart of it u will just have 2 sit back stunned! People have different opinions from the author of the book but in the end the story is heart warming and a certain page turner!
0375414053|5.0|Another gem from an NPR interview!  I laughed and wept my way through this book!  It reminded me of my young years as  working mum, and showed the esential absurdity of modern life.  Kate's besetting sin is that she is an intelligent, highly competent and attractive woman and she is a better provider, financially, emotionally and practically than her husband.  Will this marriage survive?  Especially given the temptations put in Kate's way.  The tensions between the working mum and the stay-at-home mums are well drawn, and that mother-in-law!  What a character!  Originally I bought this for my daughter-in-law, but now I am not so sure I want her to read it-- yet!
B00006CXXU|5.0|this is literally the best cd on the entire planet!!! i love it soooooooo much! every song kicks ...!  i really love get mine, get yours.  the whole cd has the attitude: take charge, women rock, we dont need men to be in charge.  i love that whole attitude.  nothing i could say here would do it justice.  i mean, her vocals are so amazing.  its as if shes Gods personal angel singing from heaven.  and no matter how many times u listen to it, u never get bored cuz the songs have such powerful messages and they're GOOD.  i love this cd and i totally recommend it to everyone.  I LOVE CHRISTINA AGUILERA!!!
0789723107|5.0|This is the absolute best book on website usage.<BR>The book was easy to read, very descript and informative.  Covered all basics and didn't go into theory or take sides.  I am not going into a very descript review, to sum it up this is a must have book.  You will enjoy it as well as keep if for reference.
B000002KNI|5.0|This recording of the famous Simon and Garfunkel reunion concert in 1981 resonates in many ways, musically and emotionally.<br />The murder of John Lennon less than a year earlier may have spurred the duo toward this event; I recall Simon being quoted at the time as saying \\"Only two great reunions were possible; and now...\\"<br />The combination of the magic S & G harmonies, a fantastic back-up band and half a million enthusiastic souls cheering them on made for a truly once-in-a lifetime experience. No doubt nothing could beat actually having been there, but for those of us who were not, this disc is the closest we will come.<br />Not only do we get many of the Simon and Garfunkel classics, we also get to hear some of Paul's solo work enhanced by Art's vocals. \\"American Tune\\" is a highlight; Simon himself was quoted to the effect, \\"I always thought of that one as Simon and Garfunkel.\\" \\"Slip Slidin' Away\\" seems like another natural for Garfunkel's angelic tenor; and the duo's thunderous version of \\"Late In The Evening\\" stands in sharp contrast to the somewhat hollow original on Simon's \\"One Trick Pony\\" album.<br />Yes, there are a couple of musical slips, but this is a LIVE recording after all....if you harbor any kind of affection toward Paul and Art, this disc is a must for your collection.
6304493681|5.0|Ok, first off I would like to say that any reviews that put this movie down, saying that this movie is too confussing to understand should be put aside.  This is a classic, and should have a spot in everyone who watches Animie's heart.  The concept was so original for the time that it was made (1996) and some could say that it was part of the inspiration to today's box office smash \\"The Matrix.\\"  I do not want to realy say what the movie is about because I could go on and on about it which would totally ruin the movie for those of us deprived souls who have not seen this one.  This movie is at the top of my favorite Animies of all time (along with Akira and the original Vampire Hunter D) and I highly recomend it to everyone that is into Animie.  For all of you fans that have allreay seen this movie, there is also a animated series (I believe 13 episodes or so) for \\"Ghost in the Shell - Stand Alone Complex\\" that will be relesed in the states probably within the next year.  If you cant wait (like me), the original Japanese w/ English subtitles is allready relesed in Japan, you can find it at various online stores.  So in short, if your into Animie buy this movie, and when the series is relesed in the U.S. buy it too, I promise you will truly enjoy them!!
B00005JK6I|5.0|As far as I am concerned, this is a finely honed horror story, scary as hell... with incredible performances by Duvall and Nicholson... and the hotel and the music.  Since so many reviewers cover the plot so well, I'll concentrate on some other points... Kubrick's masterful use of brilliant lighting to convey the horrors, the wonderful sets, and the music. One of the high moments of sheer horror for me was when Shelley Duvall found Jack's writing. No blood, no axes, no knives, no shouting, no threats...  nothing but her realization that the husband she loves almost to the point of worship is insane.<br />Until this moment, even we in the audience didn't realize how psychotic Jack is, but this punches that fact right into our souls. Maybe, we can think, at an earlier time, that he doesn't want his wife to see the wretched manuscript because it isn't any good, or because he isn't satisfied with it.  Once seen, it's clear that the man not only has become insane, but that he's always been insane, maybe even before he stepped through the door.<br />Mother and son have been living with a madman, maybe all their lives. I think Danny realizes this. Tony has misgivings about the place, and leaks these premonitions into Danny's mind. I take it that Tony is a manifestation of his Shining, not a figment of his young mind. Is Tony trying to guard little Danny? Or is there a fight to see who controls Danny's body? Does Danny have both his father and Tony to fear? I don't think so. Tony does `take over', but Danny comes back. The kid shows a feisty nature and comes through with flying colors in a horrible situation.<br />Shelley's character is no match, it seems, for the raw,uncaring brutality of her sot of a husband, but she comes through for herself and her child. Wendy comes across extremely strongly as being ineffectual and weak, thanks to the wonderful performance of Shelley Duvall. Wendy is hysterical, and it's clear how much  she wants to love him, in spite of Jack's coldhatred.  When push comes to shove, however, she stops him cold, as much as it's within her power to do- then it's Jack who's seen to be the weakling, as shown by his `final' meeting with Delbert Grady. <br />Speaking of Grady...   he's only in a small part of the film, and is such a polite man; servile to the point of being sickening. However, his hatred is chilling. Grady is a ghost, but has the attitudes of a demon, hateful and intolerant. In spite of the fact that Jack was caretaker long before him (See the photo Kubrick slowly zooms in on at the end.), Grady is clearly the Boss and is calling the shots. He might as well be Satan, with the Overlook Hotel as his earthly abode, during the winter months. The bartender is part of the horror. In spite of the fact that he looks entirely human, Kubrick's masterful lighting brings something of the outer dark to what at first seems to be a throwaway character. <br />The music, from the first ominous bars of Dies Irae,  sets the mood for the story  and takes the spare plot into the upper stratosphere of horror.  I've seldom heard such scary and horrifying compositions in any movie. The Dies Irae  is familiar to me, and is an old piece of music, going back at least into the nineteenth century. The other horrifying pieces sound very modern to my ears; discordant and creepy.  They just point out Kubrick's genius  in setting the mood. Without it, I don't think The Shining would have worked out as well as a horror film as it did, in spite of Jack Nicholson's incredible performance as Jack Torrance. The man-in-a-bear-suit scene was frightening because of its sheer inanity, and the hints of sexual perversity. What were those people doing? Under many circumstances, whatever they were doing could be viewed as being entirely harmless- a sexual liaison in costume. Big deal. I don't think Delbert Grady's ax murdering of his family was the only atrocity committed and the film hints strongly at this. With that in mind, a viewer can easily expect to see another murdered child or parts of her.  <br />Jack Nicholson always turns in wonderful work. He's a total professional and physically fits the role of Jack Torrance like a glove. Thanks to Nicholson's work, we can seriously wonder if Jack Torrance ever was truly sane. And, since the family seems so normal on the surface, it's a frightening thought for the rest of us.<br />The Scatman is affecting, and brings a human perspective lacking in the rest of the cast. Danny, thanks to Tony, almost seems non-human, as though he's a spirit visiting this world from the Other Side. Wendy is hysterical, obviously distraught by their financial situation, then torn asunder by Jack's horrid betrayal. The hotel owner is a cypher, just a necessary plot item needed to explain the Overlook to Jack, and thus to the audience. Delbert Grady and the bartender are ghosts, and rather demonic, at that. The twins can scarcely be seen as human, considering how they stand so still, and work to ensnare little Danny in the Overlook's hellish homicidal insanities. Scatman's character, the chef, seems to provide that human element of caring and love, while keeping sane under a weight of knowledge that would overwhelm a normal person.  All in all, The Shining, under Kubrik, is a cinematic gem. <br />I do not mention King's version, either book, or televison version, for a simple reason... I have not read the book, nor have I seen the show. When I do, I can compare them. The Shining is probably one of the greatest horror films of the 20th century.
B00004Z459|1.0|Linkin Park is horrible. I have seen that some people call them nu-metal.  I literally fell out of my seat laughing. Linkin Park is barely any rock, mainly rap. Linkin Park's music sounds like it's coming out of something dying. Linkin Park had many hits with this record such as \\"Closer\\" and stuff like that. But, there are so many horrible songs I don't know where to begin.
6305633177|4.0|If you are a true tallica fan, you gotta have this DVD. <BR>If you are just into post-Black album era, dont bother getting<BR>it.. If you are into Kill 'em all, Ride the lightning <BR>and Master of Puppets you have to buy this DVD.. Cliff Burton<BR>solo performances are so awesome and the fact that the guy<BR>is no more makes them even more emotional.. This is collection<BR>of bootlegs guys so dont expect any professional camera work<BR>here..
0767020308|4.0|i thought this movie was better than the one gwyneth paltrow appeared in.. although gwyneth paltrow did have the beautiful emma look with beautiful costumes and scenery and mr knightly played by jeremy northam was a better looking actor and much younger :) but the acting in the A&amp;E with kate beckinsale as emma was better, more understandable, and just overall good. i recommend anyone to watch this
B000002IQW|5.0|Slave to the Grind is the absolute epitome of Southern American Hard rock, from the same school as Blackfoot. The Guns 'n' Roses comparison is tempting, but GnR have a completely different style overall (with the exception of maybe \\"Welcome to the Jungle\\") and, as a vocalist, Axel Rose sounds positively weedy and strangled next to Mr Bach's mighty lungs. It must also be noted that Slash's solos lack the tight structures of Sabo's. This is not to say that one is better than the other, of course!<br />I should really award 4 stars, as this album does contain weaker tracks, which I would not normally allow in an album that I would consider a classic. Yet STTG raises itself proudly above its weaker moments with awesome strength and masterful rifferama.<br />The Bon Jovi comparisons are obvious - especially as JBJ himself \\"discovered\\" Skid Row (or should that be Skid Row II? The original SR was headed by none other than a 16-year old Gary Moore). Any comparisons with speed metal - especially Motorhead - are totally ridiculous. The title track is the fastest track on the album and, as has been pointed out many times, it kicks... But it's not speed metal in the sense that Kill 'Em All is a speed metal album (not thrash). STTG may have a back beat, but there are no intense moments of pure amphetamine fuelled double-bass drum/thrashed bass/single note ecstasy here - it's just very fast, very hard rock and roll in it's most undiluted form.<br />In a Darkened Room gives me shivers up and down my spine just by typing the title and hearing snippets running through my head. That is how good a ballad it is. <br />I do not really consider the lyrics to be poetry, except in the \\"sheer bloody...\\" sense. When you've cracked open a few tinnies, or simply got the car stereo cranked right up, you don't necessarily want Marillion-esque depth to the words, you just want something to scream out. This album fulfils that role with aplomb = every song is incredibly singable - in fact, if you sing the \\"weaker\\" songs, they seem to acquire a new strength. Get the F*ck Out was a...take of Extreme's single of the time \\"Get the Funk Out\\"...<br />Skid row re-define the pallette for their genre of hard rock with the remaining tracks, but just having the two greats of Darkened Room and the title track on the album give the rest of the music a context to work in. Hence, the album can be enjoyed as an entity from start to finish and seems to work best in the order it is presented in. This is what makes it a classic. The lights and shades deftly managed by artists working completely intuitively. <br />Great artists strive for this intuitive feeling to come through their work, and often only achieve it a handful of times. Think Exile on Main Street by The Rolling Stones, the Beatles (White Album) and Radiohead's OK Computer. <br />I'm not saying Skid Row are in the same league as those premiership luminaries, but that this album shares the same qualities of greatness. The whole feeling of a journey is there from start to finish - and that feeling at the end of having arrived somewhere. This is often accompanied by dissatisfaction, in the sense that it is better to travel than to arrive, and there is a powerful urge to start the whole thing over. In other words, it sounds best on repeat! You will be able to listen to it in 20 years time and hear something fresh in there. I guarantee it. But you will also, of course, feel the need to put it aside for a while and consume lighter music until your palette screams out for more.<br />If it's not already in your collection buy it. If you don't like it immediately, there's nothing wrong - you weren't given bad advice. Like any great work, some of the finer points take a while to pick up on - and this album is no exception to that rule!
B000084T18|5.0|It's hard for such an acclaimed CD to live up to the hype, but this disc comes pretty close.  The beats are simply insane, the rhymes are good and the flow is tight.  The guest spots are top notch and there are plenty of potential hits for him.  <br />There are many highlights on this disc.  In my opinion, the most blazin' cut on here is Back Down.  The track has a punishing beat and some killer lines, all directed at Ja Rule.  50 is at the top of his game here with some clever punchlines and disses.  If I Can't is almost anthematic, with a good beat and a killer chorus.  If you haven't heard In Da Club I don't know what the hell you've been doing this past year, so I don't really feel like describing it.  It's a tight song and the &quot;go shorty&quot; intro is genius.  Many Men is a very dramatic and powerful track, obviously very personal to 50.  It's got a tight beat and a good chorus.  What Up Gangsta is the perfect opening song, with a very strong beat and some of 50's best rapping on the album.  Of course, Eminem gives the album some extra heat with both his production and rapping on Patiently Waiting and Don't Push Me.  And Wanksta, the club banger hit that introduced the world to 50, is included as a bonus track.  The only song I wasn't feeling so much is 21 Questions, which is essentially a love song.  It seems kind of hypocritical to release it knowing it'll be a hit when he disses Ja Rule for purposely releasing love songs too.  The beat is tight though.  Any fans of hip-hop should get this disc.  It is tight as all hell and opens the door for a whole new wave of artists to come in and shake the hip-hop world up.
B000092ZYY|5.0|The first time I listened to this I was impressed but it didn't seem as cohesive as their previous work.  <br />After five listens I thought that this was one of the best albums I've heard this year.  <br />After 10 listens I am overwhelmed by how good this album is and the way it holds together as well as any of this band's previous work.  <br />Persevere with this, because it's going to reward you with great listening for years to come.  This is one of Radiohead's best!!!
B00006NSZ5|5.0|Usually soundtracks can get pretty wack because all the songs are just album throwaways from already established rappers.  The 8 Mile Soundtrack completely changes the game though with several brand new tracks from today's hottest rappers that actually have something going for them.  Combine that with sick songs from newer, up and coming artists and you have yourself one of the best CDs of the year.  The disc opens with Eminem's Lose Yourself, which is essentially already a rap classic.  A strong beat, exellent rhyming and a memorable chorus define the track, which is complete heat.  Eminem also has some other strong cuts on here.  8 Mile has a sick beat and some good rhyming, but Rabbit Run is the tightest.  Eminem just spits on this track for about three minutes.  No chorus, no hooks, no guest, just Em straight up saying what's on his mind.  Xzibit delivers a tight song with Spitshine.  He's done better, but it's still a tight track that deserves to be blasted.  D12 provide Rap Game, one of my favorites on the album.  A sick beat combined with some tight verses and a guest appearance by 50 Cent make this song what it is.  But the real star here is 50 Cent who provides two incredible tracks.  Places To Go is straight up gangsta, with a punishing beat and an excellent chorus.  Wanksta also has a tight beat (one of the best in recent memory) and completely disses Ja Rule and other similar rappers.  Another bonus is that some CDs contain a tight Aftermath/Shady Records sampler, which has an unreleased Em track and a 50 Cent freestyle, among others.  This is a very solid soundtrack that should be purchased by all hip-hop fans.
B00006CXXU|5.0|I did not want to enjoy this CD.<br />The media attention surrounding the alteration of Christina's musical style & direction made me think that this CD would be  more hype than good.<br />I must confess, I was blown away by \\"STRIPPED\\" !<br />Christina is a major member of our current pop royalty and she is a princess who can truly sing.<br />However with \\"STRIPPED\\", she goes from being a \\"PRODUCT on the BMG roster\\" to true \\"ARTIST\\" for her generation.<br />This cd is loaded with intelligent lyrics dealing with various subjects plus the bonus for fans is that the vocalist appears to have located her own musical style.
B00006LSM3|4.0|George Harrison's last album BRAINWASHED is typical of his capabilities and a decent swan song.  Most notable song here is the melodic \\"Vatican Blues\\" which is a little jab to his Catholic upbringing and features a little of his bluesy slide guitar work. The other gem is his cover of \\"The Devil and the Deep Blue Sea\\" which would have made Paul McCartney proud (referring to \\"When I'm Sixty-Four or \\"Honey Pie\\") and his use of a ukelele in the song. The rest of the album features references to his love of eastern music and philosophy.  Jeff Lynn's production knows when to hold back to keep it sounding like the 'Wilbury's' or 'ELO' and his Harrison's son Dhani was on hand to oversee the final outcome. Good album from one of the Fab Four.
B00006L9ZT|5.0|I can't begin to say how much this production of Der Ring des Nibelungen has meant to me.  I first saw it when it aired on TV back in 1990.  I was eight years old, and was hooked.  My parents were somewhat surprised that I was so into it - and although it's certainly an impressive thing to be interested in at eight, I wasn't allowed to stay up late to watch the endings!  The whole collection of operas, the beautiful music and the magical stories had me completely captivated.  It started my whole love of opera, and made me a Wagner fan for life.<br />I was so glad that they finally released this version on DVD.  Frankly, I didn't want to see any other - it was this one that meant so much to me.  Hildegard Behrens has a voice from the heavens, and I for one was not surprised when she was acclaimed \\"The greatest living Brunnhilde.\\"  She deserves it.  Apart from an amazing voice, she has the face and figure to carry off the role, and does a beautiful job.  However the one who stole the show for me was Siegfried Jerusalem.  He takes on two roles here: Loge and Siegfried, and brings such a youthful energy to the part - he IS Siegfried.  I can't imagine anyone doing a better job.<br />Some reviewers have commented on this bogging down at times and being slow-paced.  Remember folks, we're talking about 15 hours of Wagner.  You'd have to be crazy to try and watch it all at once.  But if it could keep an eight-year-old perfectly still for four nights in a row - that definately says something.  Lavine's conducting is respectful to the music, and doesn't rush it.  The first American-born conductor at the Met to tackle Wagner's Ring does a first-class job.  True, there are parts that tend to drag - but that's unavoidable.  They are few and far between.  The stories of the operas and the fabulous music is top-notch.  I can't recommend this set more.
6304981635|4.0|The movie that brought martial arts and Bruce Lee into mainstream moviemaking and from which all others are measured<br />against. ENTER THE DRAGON is a fun adventure movie with drama, humor, and action. The film is cross section of a James<br />Bond plot with martial arts, and a pinch of blaxploitation thrown into the mix (also explored in the James Bond film LIVE AND<br />LET DIE). Lee plays a martial arts instructor whose sister is killed by a narcotics gang. The gang leader,Mr.Han (Shih Kien)<br />operates on a secluded island guarded by an army of martial arts experts, and puts on martial arts tournaments. Lee enters one<br />of the contests in order to infiltrate and bring down the ring, and Mr. Han. While there he befriends fellow contestants Roper<br />and Williams who are unaware of Lee's or Mr. Han's intentions. They too get caught up in the mayhem. Good performances all<br />around including John Saxon as Roper (A NIGHTMARE ON ELMSTREET, BATTLE BEYOND THE STARS) and Jim<br />Kelly as Williams. Of course, there's Bruce Lee (as Lee).. showing he has charisma and great screen presence.<br />Note: Classic line(s):<br />Mr. Han to Williams - \\"...it is defeat you must prepare for!\\"<br />Williams - \\"I won't waste my time with it! When it comes, I won't even notice!\\"<br />Mr. Han - \\"Oh! How so?\\"<br />Williams - \\"I'll be too busy LOOKING GOOD!\\"
B00001ZT8Y|4.0|This is a great album, but be careful which version you get.    I highly recommend buying the original \\"Bring on the Night\\" CDs (which I give 5 stars) instead of the remastered version (which is an import).  You'll not only save yourself some money, but you'll be getting a higher fidelity recording.      An audiophile might be more critical of the new version than me, but I sometimes found it hard to tell the difference between the two in sound quality.  But when I did detect differences, the remastered version compared unfavorably.  One instrument that really decided it for me were the cymbals.  They sounded much more natural on the original CDs, while the remasters sounded like the digitized version.    Like most remasters, this one plays louder than the original.  But if I want louder music, I'd prefer to use the volume knob than sacrifice the quality of the recording.
B0000047EC|2.0|Make no mistake - this is a dull album - both in terms of compositions and sound quality.  I suppose all artists / musicians are prone to periods of creative inertia - and for Pat Metheny this is it.  For Haden perhaps he has nothing to be excited about.  Whatever the reasons, here we have 2 potentially good musician playing at being boring old men.  Even live they failed to inspire.  Sorry to all you rock solid fans.  Personally, I have chosen to just by-pass this embarassment and get onto the next good album, which Matheny has delivered, thankfully - as the trio album.  Now that IS a good album.
B00005JM1F|5.0|This movie is a modern day animal house.  It is just that funny.  The combination of Vince Vaughn's dryness, and Will Ferrels over the top comdedic posuring is just too much.  These guys had everyone laughing like hyenas.  I am just praying that they don't make a sequel, becuase sequels always [are bad].  If you haven't seen it, rent it or buy it and you won't be dissapointed.  <BR>I purchased the DVD for the movie, not for the extras though.  The cut scenes were cut for good reason.  They are just not funny.  There is also a spoof on the actors workshop that the three of them do, and it is pretty boring as well.  Don't expect much.
B00005JLWN|4.0|Sometimes movies come out as reactions to fads in popular culture. Equilibrium is that kind of movie. It will always be compared to The Matrix, which is fair assessment. Much of the look of the picture seems to pay homage to that film, but its story plays closer to Fahrenheit 451, 1984, and least to me Conquest of the Planet of the Apes.<br />Sometime after World War III, the world was in Chaos. A man came foreword to restore order; he is Father (Sean Pertwee, The 51st State). He implements a social program in which the population takes a drug that denies them feelings. For feelings are major human flaw. Those who do not take this drug are called `sense offenders.'<br />So of course in the opening scene we watch as 30 sense offenders get slaughtered and the Mona Lisa get burned. We meet a Cleric, the highest-ranking police official in this society, named John Preston (Christian Bale). He recently lost his wife, who was also `sense offender.' In his own unfeeling we see a man about to crack under the pressure. One morning he misses a dose of his drug and we watch as he begins to feel again.<br />I'm not sure yet, but I believe much of this film is tongue in cheek. It seems like it was winking back at the audience, begging them to get the joke. The film takes itself so seriously you begin to doubt how serious the film is. I hate to invent a genre but it's almost a Dramatic Spoof.<br />There are a series of gun battles that are just amazing. Most seem to be done without wires, without bullet time, without computer effects. This is a film that probably had a smaller budget than The Matrix but look just as good. There's this one scene that I won't tell you about, but WOW. The choreography was perfect.<br />Christian Bale is electric in his role. There is this moment where he's telling a puppy to run away. He has a stone face but a sad vulnerability behind his eyes. It's amazing.<br />Taye Diggs seems to be smiling his way through the film as John's new partner Brandt. He plays the part perfectly, subtle but with fireworks hiding behind him.<br />And Emily Watson is just gorgeous, as Mary O'Brien, she has a small role, but it's powerful. When her and John touch for the first time. You feel for the first time.<br />All in all it was a shame that this film had such a small release in the theatres. It's fun and well worth the hour and 40 minutes you spend with these characters. In a world of unfeeling films, Equilibrium gives unfeeling characters a sense of feeling.e plays the part perfectly, subtle but with fireworks hiding behind him. <br />And Emily Watson is just gorgeous, as Mary O'Brien, she has a small role, but it's powerful. When her and John touch for the first time. You feel for the first time.<br />All in all it was a shame that this film had such a small release in the theatres. It's fun and well worth the hour and 40 minutes you spend with these characters. In a world of unfeeling films, Equilibrium gives unfeeling characters a sense of feeling.
006017322X|5.0|The book is a definite read. The author creates an excellent plot with characters who breathe and live with you not only while you are reading the book but even after you put it down. In my opinion, here is a story that presents the nuances of virtue and vice as subtly as they indeed exist in the real world. It wouldn't be a surprise if many of the readers pick it up for their second, third... nth reading of this marvelous tale.
B00008PX8P|5.0|After having to make do with Song Remains the Same for all these years, we finally have additional live footage! All of it is inendiary! I have been pretty sick of Zep for a few years now, but my love for the band is rekindled. After watching this collection, you will realize that you've never really heard them before. They were never able to nail down their live dynamic in the studio and now we can see what all the fuss was about!<br />On a funny note, I noticed that they STILL haven't been able to synch up the audio with the video on the additional tracks from the Song Remains the Same footage!<br />Best jam on the collection: Achilles Last Stand.<br />Also, you get FOUR versions of Dazed and Confused - excellent bonus material includes several performances from TV concerts in the late 60s.
0446677450|5.0|I think the author makes his point in a crisp and easy-to-understand manner. Everyone at some point in time have questioned the \\"value\\" of our education system, albeit it may be in our own minds. The correlation between education and monetary rewards is sketchy at best. Here is a book which presents two perspectives regarding 'learning' and 'earning'. Its simplistic style makes it an easy read. The author's choice of using a story instead of using a more pedantic approach regarding financial planning enabled me relate with the content better.
B000000993|5.0|This is Tool's second album that was released a year after their debut was released. This is also their first full length studio album which is more compelling and darker than \\"Opiate\\". Maynard James Keenans' lyrics are much more complex than their debut and the songs are longer than \\"Opiate\\". Adam Jones guitar playing is heavier than that of \\"Opiate\\". Standout tracks on this album include \\"Intolerance\\", \\"Prison Sex\\", \\"Sober\\", and \\"Undertow\\". The last track,\\"Disgustipated\\", is a fifthteen minute track in which Maynard mocks a catholic priest trying to save carrots from being harvested. If you already heard the song \\"Opiate\\", than you already know that Maynard is not too fond of religion. Many people consider this their best album and although this is a very compelling and impressive album, I have to disagree. I like this album, but it doesn't have that same kind of musical and mysterious complexity as their third album \\"Aenima\\" does. This album is worth buying first because it introduces the way that Tool is now : dark, mysterious, and brilliant.
0060977493|4.0|The book's greatest asset is the beautiful use of language. The various emotions in the story are nicely sketched with the best use of words. The character-sketch is strong. I also find the author's comic style and sense of humor interesting. The one aspect that I can think which made me rate it 4 instead of 5 was its pace. Apparently, I felt that the plot was patchy. There were occasions when I found it to be absolutely perfect while at other times I found it losing its grip and becoming a drag.
0316666343|5.0|It is a beautifully written novel. Its not a thriller which races through. The language catches you and drags you through how painful it truly is to lose someone. I have lost two people i loved a lot; and this book gives a shimmer of hope to the living still holding on to the death. I would highly recommend it. I loved it.
B00008J2DQ|5.0|This Cd Has alot of<BR>great songs like \\"I Stand Alone\\"<BR>This Cd will blow your ears out!!!<BR>If you like rock music you will love this cd, <BR>because it is a heavy cd
B000002KB8|2.0|When it came out at the theatres, Rob Reiner's now cult classic rock mockumentary \\"This is Spinal Tap\\" went down like the proverbial Led Zeppelin. Until I listened to this unintentional comic gem, I never understood why. Now it is all utterly, terribly clear.<br />From its opening church bells, it is a simple wonder listening to these Brummie Beelzebub-lovers forging heavy rock cliches of every conceivable stripe before your very ears. Cheesy, farty and, most of all, inept guitar solos, harmony and unison between guitar and bass, silly lyrics about Lucifer, portentous snare rolling from a man named Geezer, feedback for Britain - it's right here, literally with bells on.<br />And that's why, in 1982, no one thought Spinal Tap was funny. With this sort of bone headed ludicrosity still a painful memory, it WASN'T.<br />So if you should come upon Black Sabbath's eponymous debut album, comedy enthusiasts, fill your boots: Anyone earnestly looking to explore the origins of heavy rock, prepare to experience only the gaping horror of discovering how utterly inane it all really was.<br />Olly Buxton
B00008J4P5|1.0|I could not even make it through this entire CD (I was not listening to it by choice)...this guy absolutely cannot sing, his voice gets on my last nerve. I wouldn't recommend this album if you value your ears or sanity.
0385504209|4.0|In reply to 'A reader from St. Louis MO United States  '- Even if you do not except that Jesus was the Son of God- he was of the house of David (KING david) and therefore of a &quot;Royal&quot; lineage
B0000634EV|5.0|This album is phenomenal. It cannot be compared to any of Phil's releases. His vocals consist of screams and notes (those haven't been produced since TGSTK)! Yeah, there's a lot of singing on this album. This is a great heavy-metal-jam-album and reminds me more of Black Sabbath... you write one good riff, and jam on it for hours. You won't be disappointed.
0385720920|2.0|He would not read this book... I've enjoyed every Palahniuk's creations, but this is not good at all. It's in the same Palahniuk-Fight Club style, but it lacks an entertaining story. It is very raunchy, dicey, and weird like Palahniuk's great novels, but it lacks entertainment value. You read chapters after chapter before anything happens. I will say that the end is rather intresting. But to get to that point, it takes so much energy to pick up the book and plow through. What would Jesus NOT do? I know Chuck-- he would not read this novel. At least Palahniuk has Fight Club behind his name.
B000092ZYX|5.0|This album is genius.  Radiohead has gotten over the pretentious self-righteousness of Kid A and Amnesiac and have created a true masterpiece.  That is not to say that they have abandoned their electronic toys or their desire to push the envelope.  Rather, they incorporate the electronic elements with more taste, while experimenting further with other stylistic forms.  Almost every song on the CD deviates from the standard 4/4 time of most pop/rock music, and the harmonies are as dissonant as they are beautiful.  Hail to the Theif is the best one yet; it is the album that no Radiohead fan should ignore.  Many critics have described it as a return to the OK Computer style of 1997, or a cross between The Bends and Kid A.  I disagree.  There are many similarities, Hail to the Theif is quite different, and takes on a whole style of it's own.  It is dark, anxious and paranoid.  At times, the songs are plodding (Sail to the Moon), sometimes frenzied and defiant (2+2=5) or they coast along at a mid-tempo groove (A Punchup at a Wedding, Backdrifts).  Other times it is outright disturbing (We Suck Young Blood, Myxomatosis).  The whole time, though, is like being at some bizarre, yet beautiful parallel universe.  It is like being in a place that is eternally dark, but you don't want the sun to rise, because the stars would disappear.  Radiohead have emerged from their electronic adolescence as well-rounded, mature musicians...and then they created Hail to the Thief.  To sum it all up, you should buy this album.  BUY IT, for the love of God and everything holy!
0385504209|5.0|The book opens your mind to the birth of myths and superstitions and the evolutionary power of the church. Amazing!!
0553573403|5.0|Although there are reviews apon reviews for this fascinating novel.  I feel compelled to put in my two cents.  This novel was long, no doubt.  People wrote how they couldn't put it down; I did not find that true.  I felt I HAD to put it down, but I also felt that I HAD to pick it up.  I read a 800 page book in less than a week, so it did draw my attention, but I did not find it a page-turner.  Nevertheless the characters are extremely real and interesting.  The way in which the novel is written (with different chapters in a different person's point of view) gives one a thorough understanding of what is happening and adds suspense.  How is it all going to tie together?  The only problem with the different chapters is that if you don't like some of the characters you really don't want their story to interrupt the interesting stuff.  The plot is fantastic, the world breathtaking and the adventure definitely WORTH THE READ!
0783240236|5.0|As fake as this movie is, it'll still effect you if you don't pick on the bad special effects all the time. This is a very effective horror film buy Al Hitchcock. Not as scary as Psycho, but effective none the less. Starts slow, but ends with a bang. Watch alone in the dark.
B000084T18|1.0|This guy can't rap. Not only that but he encourages all kinds of things that are terrible. His is a terrible role model for kids. In closing I do not reccomend this album.
B00008NG5V|5.0|Jack Johnson in general, but 'On and On' specifically, should be on the Surgeon General's list of recommended treatments for high blood pressure. Mine started dropping from the first guitar chord. You can almost feel the early evening sun on your face, hear the waves rolling up on the shore, and feel your feet sinking into the warm water and sand. <br />Johnson's soothing voice, smooth songwriting, seemingly effortless guitar playing, and cool vibe all melt together on this disc, offering a superb follow-up to his great first disc. Grab your favorite beverage, put your feet up, and soak up the sounds!
6305603847|5.0|I saw The Wall because I really like Pink Floyd's music and was curious how the movie would look.  I'm sorry to anyone who disagrees, but I think that this movie is amazing and Roger Waters is a genius.  Bob Geldof was awesome in this role and I really liked the little kid who played him as a child.  The movie is basically an analysis of how we build a figurative wall around ourselves to block out the world which everyone, like it or not, can relate too.  The movie is insane, it doesn't stay put or follow the conventional setup of how we think a movie should be done, very much like Pink who is basically going crazy.  It was a very imaginative and creative venture.  Pink Floyd's The Wall makes you pay attention to what's going on, you get wrapped up in trying to figure out what exactly is happening and I must admit it can be confusing at times but it's well worth the trouble.  The music really adds another dimension to the movie that you don't normally get with dialog.  And of course, Pink Floyd is super-cool and amazing, so the music is very beautiful and full of life and vivid emotions.  The animation is just incredible it flows in an odd fluid sort of way, it seems very different from what you normally see.  Some of the themes are (gasp) dark and to watch it you're going to need an open mind, sorry!  This movie may not be for everyone but I think everyone should at least try it and see what they get out of it.  It's very different, very confusing at times, but very worth it.  Buy the soundtrack too!!  This is an incredible movie, it's different, like everything about Pink Floyd and so incredibly original it blows my mind.  Watch it!!
0156027321|5.0|Forget Religion.  Forget Philosophy.  Yes, this book has all of that and it is absolutely fascinating.  But even on the simplest level, this is a truly enjoyable read for its humor, its characters and imaginativeness.
B00007L4MJ|4.0|Here it is!  The restored Authorized Version with the original 1927 orchestral score.  I have only seen bits and pieces of \\"Metropolis\\" on many film montages and documentaries.  Some of the clips have been used to define \\"heaven\\" or a \\"futuristic city\\".  Now for the first time you can see the film in all that was found and able to restore.  For this generation, you might recall seeing some scenes in the intro for the Fred Savage tv series \\"Working\\" (1997-1999).  I am not able to give this film a fair review because I do not favor silent films, especially of German origin, but I can respect how they can restore and preserve film these days.    Would you believe this 1927 film actually has a scene where a person talks on the phone and can see the other person on screen?  (a video phone?)    There is Audio Commentary by Film Historian Enno Patalas, an 8-minute featurette on the restoration of badly needed scenes and film.  The Metropolis Case is a 43-minute documentary behind-the-scenes look at the making of the film, including special effects.    Oh, by the way, there is no Superman in this Metropolis. (Ha-Ha)    UPDATE: In 2008, a new, longer print was discovered in Argentina. It is a much longer version at 3 hours and a half. Current home video prints are only half that long. They may include the newly discoverd long-lost scenes in a future release.
B000059PR5|4.0|This film was produced to show the dangers of an all out attack against the United States. Unfortunatly the damage was Unrealistically understated, but it was enough for the time. This movie scares hell out of all of my friends that were too young to remember this film when it was shown on ABC TV in 1983(I think) It was loosley based on &quot;Alas, Babylon&quot; writtten by  Pat Frank, a.k.a. Harry Hart. I REALLY want this film on DVD with more than the VHS version, The original post movie debate, and the booper reel would be cool. This film, even though it's effects of the war are not as extreme as the British film &quot;Threads&quot; it really impacted the population of the US in 83. Threads was more realistic, but this film is the best ever produced by ANY TV studio here in the US. Unfortunatly the Brits beats us out, by showing the closest effects of an all out thermonuclear war on the small screen. There has NEVER been a film that shows this EVER. IT is too scary to most studios to show the end of the world.<br />I Wish I could have the chance to direct and produce &quot;Alas, Babylon&quot; for the big screen, I would show the REAL effects of nuclear war on humaity.This could Still Happen even in our current 21st Century world. The possibility is even MORE possiblr today.<br />Think about it.
1573226521|5.0|If you have one ounce of adventure in you, you will love this book. It fills a void in all of us, the dream of finding yourself on your own tropical paradise, secluded from a world of commercialism and mass tourism.  Granted, there are many woes along the way and in the end (well I won't tell you what happens at the end).  But, everything has it's price.  Whether or not it's worth it depends on you...JUST READ IT.
6302373921|3.0|This movie could have been fantastic. But with the inclusion of a group of annoying fans following DM as they toured, it took something vital away from the movie. I was in awe whenever it showed Dave and Martin, Alan and Fletch performing onstage, or better yet, when it showed them backstage. Seeing them goof off with each other, or explaining bits of the songwriting process and keyboard playing (as Alan Wilder shows with 'Black Celebration'). But when the focus of the movie would suddenly shift away from DM and turn to this roving band of idiots who followed in their wake, that's when the inherent flaws of this movie become painfully obvious. We learn nothing of interest about this assorted collection of mutants. Their trials and travails serve no discernable purpose. Are we supposed to feel sympathy for them when they keep just missing DM? I just didn't get it. <BR>If this movie would have been Depeche Mode, and Depeche Mode only, it would have been fantastic - filmed in cool crisp black-and-white, seeing the band members up close and personal, and of course the music. But with DM having to actually split their screen time in half with a bunch of non-interesting and utterly non-useful minions bumbling about is unforgiveable to me.
B00005RFAI|4.0|\\"Missundaztood\\" proves that Pink is indeed different from many of those other young female artists, and that she's more than just a hair color.  She's got her own unique style.  Linda Perry was an excellent choice for a producer!  She gives it the rock edge that most pop needs now-a-days like the catchy \\"Don't Let Me Get Me\\" and \\"Numb\\".  Yet, there's still a little pop/dance moments like \\"Get This Party Started\\" and the girl-power song \\"R-E-S-P-E-C-T\\".  Her raw emotion shows greatfully on tracks such as \\"Family Portrait\\" and \\"My Vietnam\\".  I can feel her sense of loss and childhood pain.  <BR>     If you're looking for pop music with a ton of edge, this is the one.  You will not be disappointed, I guarantee it.  If you've listed to \\"Can't Take Me Home\\" a million times, you may have to listen to \\"Missundaztood\\" two or three times to appreciate it, but you'll be glad you did.
B00005JLIU|4.0|This is a great DVD.  Wonderful color and finally a widescreen version of the movie.  Julie, Mary and Carol at their funniest.  The only complaint I have is that it is a bare bones disc (otherwise it would get 5 stars).  NO EXTRAS.  While we still have almost the whole cast still around it would be great if they had an audio commentary with about 5 or 6 people reminiscing about the film.  Maybe a suggestion if they put out a delux version in a few years.  Other than that, you will love this movie.  Just get some popcorn and sit back and enjoy.
B000093BDX|5.0|I generally make it a habit to stay away from \\"Greatest Hits\\" albums. It's always been my feeling that if you like the hits put out by an artist, then it's worth owning the full catalogue. There are always songs hidden away on albums that I end up liking at least as well as the \\"hits\\". In short, greatest hits collections have always struck me as a shallow way to approach an artist's output.<br />Now, having put down greatest hits collections, I have to qualify my opinion. I make exception when I'm dealing with pre-Beatles rock or pop music. The Beatles made albums the main medium for fans to buy music. Before that, the 45 rpm single reigned supreme. Little emphasis was put on albums and they sold in relatively small numbers. Albums from that era were mostly a hit or two and a bunch of filler.<br />This isn't intended to imply that the Beach Boys produced albums that included a lot of filler. They have produced some excellent albums. However, my problem has always been that most of their best-known hits came out before the Beatles hit the U.S. They're scattered among many among many albums and hits collections, and I was never enough of a Beach Boys fan to want to attempt the acquisition of their rather large catalogue. Further, it always seemed that despite the many previous collections of Beach Boys \\"greatest hits\\", each collection was incomplete, omitting a few favorite tunes. As recently as a two weeks, I was browsing through the CDs in a local store and found myself unhappy at being unable to find a Beach Boys collection that had everything I wanted.<br />Finally, Capitol Records has come to my rescue. SOUNDS OF SUMMER actually has all the Beach Boys hits I was looking for on one CD. Not several different collections with lots of duplication, not an expensive multiple-CD set. I'm aware that some reviewers here have expressed issues with this CD regarding stereo versus mono recordings, while others have criticized the selection of one song over another. For me, however, it isn't important whether \\"Wild Honey\\" or \\"Warmth Of The Sun\\" was included, or that some of the early tracks are mono instead of stereo. What counts is that this CD includes all the a m radio hits from the early '60's, along with a few later additions that I actually remember (i.e. \\"Sloop John B\\" and \\"Kokomo\\").<br />Hard core Beach Boys fans may find reason to be critical of this CD, but for the more casual fan, like myself, who just wants a reasonably complete set of the Beach Boys a m radio hits, SOUNDS OF SUMMER is as good as it gets. It beats any of the other compilations out there. I recommend it very highly on that basis and I think most buyers will be more that satisfied with it. I love it (incidentally, my twelve-year-old daughter loves it, too).owever, it isn't important whether \\"Wild Honey\\" or \\"Warmth Of The Sun\\" was included, or that some of the early tracks are mono instead of stereo. What counts is that this CD includes all the a m radio hits from the early '60's, along with a few later additions that I actually remember (i.e. \\"Sloop John B\\" and \\"Kokomo\\").<br />Hard core Beach Boys fans may find reason to be critical of this CD, but for the more casual fan, like myself, who just wants a reasonably complete set of the Beach Boys a m radio hits, SOUNDS OF SUMMER is as good as it gets. It beats any of the other compilations out there. I recommend it very highly on that basis and I think most buyers will be more that satisfied with it. I love it (incidentally, my twelve-year-old daughter loves it, too).
B00008DDXC|5.0|This movie is a great combination of thriller, fantasy, and british comedy! It includes the most important aspects of the book and director Chris Columbus brings his charming style to an already incredible fantasy world! I loved it!
0385470819|5.0|I have read all of Grisham's books and this one stands out from the crowd. A compelling, can't-put-it-down story that, unfortunately, rings all too true. If you only read one Grisham, this should be it.
B00008PX8P|1.0|A waste of money for a DVD with poor resolution and loud noise that hurts your ears and gives you a headache. I guess instead of touring they dusted off some old junk and released it to the public. I don't get this at all. Don't waste your time.
B000068QZK|1.0|The songs on this album are corny, Zakk Wylde's use of pinch harmonics is annoying, and Randy Castillo blows.  At least Ultimate Sin had some decent ideas.  Miracle Man?  Stupid.  Bloodbath in Paradise?  Retarded.  Demon Alcohol?  Worst song I have ever heard.  When listening to this, I am embarrased for Ozzy.  This is without a doubt the worst thing he has ever produced.  Thankfully, Ozzy's next album would be a classic.
B000089RVX|5.0|I first heard of them on MTV and something about the lead singer struck me because of the voice...that voice. The rock and her voice, awesome. Something about how I've been searching for mucis with taste. I listen to rock and I listen to girl singers who sing and I have to admit I am a Avril Lavigne fan but MAN I've got a NEW fan. This woman can DEFINENTLY sing. The lyrics are awesome and I wish I heard of this band before, the CD cover really scared me because it looked like a devil worshiping CD but OoOOoOO awesome CD
B00005JKCH|5.0|I totally disagree with the Amazon Editoral review on this movie. It is better than either Superman or Batman (both good). The brillance in this movie starts with the casting of Tobey McGuire. He gives Spiderman a human element missing from other superheroes. He is a teenager, and acts like a teenager, but by the end of the movie we see him evolve into a man. He is vulnerable, and yet has the wit to overcome his enemies.
0393317552|4.0|This book was a very interesting read; it attempts to explain what basic factors lead to the various ultimate factors which caused Western civilization to dominate the world.  Much of what he said are things that is pretty much common knowledge, such as the role of disease in the destruction of Native American cultures.  Diamond also takes it further, and further explains things that I didn't know, like the specific causes for the buildup of the Eurasian disease pools, and also things that I've never thought about, like which animals lent themselves to domestication (as an example, why Zebras were never turned into pack animals in Africa).<br />The book has flaws though; while it does explain why the Aztecs did not have huge diseases for the Spaniards, and why New Guinea never developed large stratified societies, it doesn't solve the full problem.  His explaination of why specifically Western Europe seemed to triumph (and not, say China) was not fully convincing, and almost seems like an afterthought.<br />This book also seems preoccupied by trying to convince the reader that people around the world, say New Guineans, are no less smarter or naturally inventive than Westerners.  That particular battle has been won decades ago; being born in the latter half of the 20th century, it simply wouldn't occur to me to think otherwise.  As such, his constant reiteration of the obvious grew tiresome after a while.
B000053V7O|5.0|Being a sax player, I was completely sucked in. It's one <BR>of my favorites. It's a slow-paced movie, but the acting is <BR>exellent and it's very real.
B00008S2VG|1.0|I'm a Madonna fan.  Having William Orbit do Ray of Light was brilliant.  This album is just bad.  Elementary school lyrics, casio machine songs.  You'd think it was 3rd grade kareoke.  I've already given my CD away.  She is the Re-Inventress, she just spun the re-inventing arrow and really needs to spin again.
B00006JL1Z|5.0|This is a very good deal.  I paid about 17 dollars for this and it really is all the FM you would need for this era of the band.  Although the new CD 'SAY YOU WILL' is darn good.  This has all the songs that really took FM from the underground shadow of Peter Green and the ilk (nothing against that lineup) and tossed them into the Hall Of Fame category of essential rock music from the 70's-80s.  All the songs on this collection are essential and have a great groov.<br />If you like this era of FM, you will love this collection, very complete.
B00008DDXC|5.0|Highly recommended - no time wasted on setting up the plot and characters, as in the first movie.  Special effects are used appropriately.  Good movie.
B00005JKCH|5.0|spiderman is awesome it is just like the comic this movie is great tobey maguire plays a terrific spiderman buy this movie its really good
B000068TPN|1.0|...so we rented \\"we were soldiers\\", a supposedly true tale (read: hollywood's bent reality) about one u.s. soldier and his experience in vietnam.  halfway through this yawn-factory i found myself more interested in my bowl of popcorn. ever notice how no two pieces pop the same? but i digress. the real tragedy of this train-wreck was how the script, selected scenes, and even the package design are basically ripped-off from other war movies. check out the cover design for \\"band of brothers\\" or the poor acting in \\"the patriot.\\" There are scenes that are lit and shot in an identical fashion to scenes in \\"platoon\\" (namely, the backlit night raid by the vietcong on sleeping u.s. soldiers). all the money and effects that went into this movie (it is not a film, since the word 'film' implies that you could study it in college) couldn't seem to make mel gibson convince me that he was anyone other than... mel gibson. paying money to see this flick will not undo the horrors of the vietnam conflict, or bring back any lost loved ones. all it will do is make the production company wealthier.
B00005JKZ3|4.0|you have to give this credit this movie wasnt bad to me it was like watching the first one again it had the same director and same cast back what could go wrong it had its downs but it also had its ups it is short 80 minutes but that the only problem this movie does not at all ruin the men in black franchise if they make a third men in black i know that people will rush to see it
B00006IK1C|4.0|Totally different from Maiden. It has Janick Gers on guitar, and one can clearly see here that he's at his best when he's not trying to play any guitar solos. There are almost none in the entire album, but his rhythm guitar skills are more than enough to turn Dickinson's solo debut into a very good and pleasant hard rock album. The bass and drums section is also competent (Del Rio e Andy Carr)<br />The opener SON OF A GUN is a classic, I just love it. The title track has an infectious and catchy chorus that will stick into your brain like glue. BORN IN 58 is perfect, my personal favorite. IT has a magical atmosphere surrounding it and, coupled with the inspired lyrics, one can see himself into Dickinson''s grandfathers age.<br />The cover of ALL THE YOUNG DUDES was a smart move. It worked perfectly.<br />In general, a great album, totally different from MAiden and from Dickinson's last solo albums, ACCIDENT OF BIRTH and THE CHEMICAL WEDDING, which are deeply rooted in sheer heavy metal.
B00008PX8P|4.0|EVEN THOUGH DISK ONE PICTURE IS SHAKY......DISK 2 IS BRILLIANT AND THE SOUND QUALITY IS AWSOME.....PLAYED THROUGH MY MARANTZ HIGH END DTS SYSTEM THIS DVD SENT SHIVERS UP MY SPINE.....
0393057658|4.0|Michael Lewis is a good storyteller, although for non-fiction writing he tends to embellish quite a bit or even make things up (I've read some of his other books where I am quite familiar with the subjects), but this is still an insightful account of how A's general manager Billy Beane built a competitive team in spite of one of the smallest payrolls in professional baseball. <br />Particularly fascinating is the way  Beane and his cohorts evaluate baseball talent. They challenge a lot of the typical assumptions that many in the game have about what makes for a good prospect. Often the player who looks the part (&quot;looks good in a baseball uniform&quot; as Beane puts it) or has the big fastball ends up a bust, while, for example, the small or slightly overweight player who gets on base a lot or makes the opposing pitcher throw a lot of pitches ends up being successful. Likewise the pitcher who doesn't look big enough (Tim Hudson) or was written off as not having enough heat (Barry Zito). Beane is certainly not right about everyone (e.g. the high school prospect Jeremy Bonderman, now in the starting rotation for Detroit) but his alternative analysis born of the necessity of limited money brings some fresh thinking to how to evaluate baseball talent and potential. So this makes the book insightful, even if the reader has no interest in the Oakland A's or Billy Beane in particular.
B000092ZYX|5.0|As could be expected, the Radiohead backlash has begun in the media.  I seem to remember this happening with U2 back in the late 80's.  Here's some advice.  Just buy (don't steal via MP3) this CD and listen to it over and over.  Like any great rock CD, it gets better with each listen.  The songs are like the skin of an onion and as you peel back each layer, you'll discover something new and wonderful.  If you are a Radiohead fan, you have no excuse not to buy this.  Go on.  You know you want it.
B00006L83N|4.0|Holy smokes! How can any band get this good at what they are doing?? Symphony X, with their new release \\"The Odyssey\\", has set a standard that few bands out there can surpass. And I am talking about bands with incredible talent like Dream Theater, Shadow Gallery and all those guys.<BR>The Odyssey is another concept album based on Homer's epic \\"Odyssey\\". While the songs are incredible in their own right, the album in my opinion, would be mediocre if you subtract two songs from it, namely, \\"Accolade 2\\" and the<BR>awesome title track \\"Odyssey\\". That's the reason I give it 4 stars. Don't get me wrong...this album as such is a work of genius, but when compared to the sheer beauty and complexity of \\"V\\", it doesn't compare at all if you remove these 2 songs. The other songs are good, but nothing as memorable or melodic like the songs in \\"V\\". This album reminds me of DWOT, where if<BR>you subtract the title track and \\"Accolade 1\\", the album is nothing extraordinary.<br />Coming to Odyssey, the album is heavier than their previous albums. \\"King Of Terror\\" especially rocks! The riffing is really pumped up, with adrenaline oozing out of Romeo's guitar work. Even a puritan will be head-banging to the riffs on this album in no time! \\"Accolade 2\\" like its predecessor, can be summarized in one word...BEAUTIFUL. And \\"Odyssey\\"? Oh God, these guys<BR>have to be gifted to come up with a 24 minute piece that will blow every grey cell in your head away! If you forget \\"Metropolis\\", DT has done nothing this progressive, trust me. Buy this CD for this track alone...its good ROI.<BR>So, why only 4 stars? Like I said earlier, on the whole, the album lacks the sheer beauty and segues found in \\"V\\". Another let-down is that, Pinnela plays much less piano/keyboards on this album as compared to \\"V\\". And this guy can come up with melodies that are simply ethereal. Unfortunately, he's given<BR>the back seat this time.<BR>In conclusion, if you don't want to buy \\"The Odyssey\\", you can repent later that you missed out on one of the wonders of mankind...
B00008PX8P|5.0|This DVD is a masterpiece. Plain and simple. If you like Led Zeppelin, you'll love Led Zeppelin after this DVD. The first disc alone is worth the price. With this disc you'll get to see rare bootleg footage peppered through out the DVDs. From the start to the finish you will be wowed and when you finally do reach the end you'll be looking for a lighter to hold up. This is a must own for any Zeppelin fan, a MUST.
B00008J2DQ|5.0|after giving a good listen, its really good...it has it's mellow parts (yep, godsmack can be mellow!)...and it has its heavy parts...however, i do have one minor complaint...<br />when godsmack is in the studio...they usually produce 4 min - 12 track songs...and that is all. since their time limit is usually consist of 40/45ish mins...they should wait until they have enough of 50/70ish mins...<br />they could've put awake and faceless on the same cd! it is possible!<br />besides that very little rant, i love the cd. godsmack is getting pretty good these last few yrs. it took me a while to get into them, they have that strong feel that metallica \\"had\\", with the blend of freshness! one aspect that i admire the most out of godsmack isn't the heaviness (it seems that faceless sounds just about the same as awake and awake sounds the same to the self title album)...however sully (the voice of the band) has a way of blending heavy and mellow together. notice with &quot;i stand alone&quot;, how one portion of the song is deep vocals and then the other portion is soft vocals. draiman (disturbed) and hetfield (metallica) has that same talent to blend mellow-ness with heavy-ness.<br />check out the last two songs off faceless...as mellow as voodoo and sprial.
B00008OWZC|5.0|This will be the best live CD you will ever purchase, no Zeppelin fan should be without this CD. Theres no such thing as a bad Zeppelin CD so your pretty safe with this one. Alot of people think live albums are a waste, and thats true for the most part, but ,this one makes up for all of them. And who better than to take on the responsibility?
B0000024SI|5.0|All one needs to do is to compare the songs/lyrics on this album to the rest of the (mostly) [garbage} which existed in 1965 rock.  NO ONE wrote such poetry.  No one was so experimental, so surrealistic with his word images.  No one else had the courage to say the things Dylan did.  But then, he was doing this from an early point in his career.<br />I have every vinyl album of his through Harding.  And most of Tracks and Desire recorded on tape from the vinyl.  His lyrics struck me with amazing uniqueness at an early age.  I just knew he was special.  This was one of the very first vinyls I purchased.  I didn't know exactly everything he was saying but that was never the point with these songs.  Dylan even had the democratic grace to let people listen for whatever they wanted to hear in his words.  I find myself having a hard time picking any one of his albums as my favorite but this is one I would have to rank up there.  I will say I like it more than Tracks.  I know that differs from many other people's views.  Yet, that is NOT the same thing as saying that Tracks is not a good album.  Far from it.  I just think Highway 61 is better.<br />Lastly, the music is great too.  It turned me on to many of the musicians on this one (Bloomfield, Kooper, Butterfield, etc.)  Some of the sessions have a party atmosphere that is probably close to the truth when one realizes what this group of musicians was doing at the time (\\"Hey you, smoking mother nature!  This is a bust!\\").
078324228X|1.0|I am astounded that so few people understand that this movie was a shameful distortion of the facts. Carter was never exonerated, was not the #1 contender for the crown, was not robbed in the Giardello fight, was not hounded by an evil, racist cop, was not in another part of town when the murders took place and finally, was probably not innocent of triple murder. Read some balanced accounts of his case and you will dismiss this movie as the piece of garbage that it is.
B000092ZYX|2.0|There's a lot to listen to in this collection, but it's an unrewarding experience unless one seeks the morose, flabby, throbbing sensations that are offered up, cut after cut. Nifty and quirky passing sounds and unengaging verbal blather wash by to mostly enervating and surprisingly unpleasing effect. Despite the prerelease hype desperately describing this as the hoped-for &quot;rock&quot; and &quot;song-based&quot; work from Radiohead, it's not. The &quot;band&quot; continues to produce self-referential sound that is cliche from a general, modernist standpoint, but presumably &quot;new&quot; and &quot;original&quot; in pop. Klee, Kandinsky, Beckmann, Nolde, and Ensor are painterly antecedents for what, appearing today, comes across as angst-y, and demoralizing sound that may be music but is not rock. These artistes take themselves way too seriously. Weak even on its own terms.
078324228X|1.0|I am astounded that so few people understand that this movie was a shameful distortion of the facts. Carter was never exonerated, was not the #1 contender for the crown, was not robbed in the Giardello fight, was not hounded by an evil, racist cop, was not in another part of town when the murders took place and finally, was probably not innocent of triple murder. Read some balanced accounts of his case and you will dismiss this movie as the piece of garbage that it is.
B00000K19E|5.0|I concept of the world not being as it seems and the feeling that wool is being pulled over ones eyes is just the very tip of the enormous iceberg that is \\"The Matrix\\". Released in early 1999 without much fanfare, but with surprisingly high number of positive critical reviews, \\"The Matrix\\" became a science fiction and cinematic juggernaut not seen since the days of the original \\"Star Wars\\". It produced a mind-bending story dealing with a fascinating take on reality. It also revolutionized the movie industry through its use of mind-numbing, computer-generated, special effects including the now-famous stop-motion technique known as 'bullet time'. In the same manner by which George Lucas redefined the special effects industry with \\"Star Wars\\" in 1977, which created an influence which has been seen in countless movies in the quarter-century since, the Wachowski brothers did the same following \\"The Matrix\\". The 'bullet time' technique has been borrowed, ripped-off, and parodied in so many forms in the past four years, one forgets that it was only four years ago that this was introduced to the masses. <BR><BR>The premise of \\"The Matrix posits the notion that the world we see and live in is not the true reality. Instead, it is a computer-generated 'virtual reality' designed to make the human mind believe it is living a normal life when, in truth, they are simply crops to be harvested for energy by a vicious race of machines who took control of Earth some 200 years earlier. The very method by which the machines keep humans in bondage is also the means by which many of the humans strike back to reclaim humanity's domain over the world. It is called The Matrix. A cranial connection into this elaborate computer system is what enables the machines to control the human mind. It is also how the few bands of rogue humans who have managed to escape the system will free other humans and seek to bring about the machines destruction. Operating on the theory of 'nature alwaysfinds a way', a few anomalies among humans realized that the Matrix wasn't real, broke free, and began the struggle to free all humans connected to the system. The leader of one of these rogue groups, Morpheus, believes he is destined to find 'The One', the individual who will be able fight the machines and defeat them. He believes this 'One' is Thomas Anderson (Keanu Reeves), better known as Neo. He believes that Neo will be the one who can defeat the machines and their 'Agent' programs in the Matrix where so many before him failed. <BR><BR>There is a definite mentor-student relationship that takes place between Morpheus and Neo, as well as all the obligatory training and education scenes as Neo comes to understand what reality is. Where this might seem perfunctory in other movies, in \\"The Matrix\\" it is amazing as each new path inspires a sense of awe in the viewer. Some believe this movie has no plot or a convoluted one. In truth, it is a plot with such depth that this movie has developed an almost religious following among its fans and in-depth analysis among academics and philosophers. There is not one frame of wasted film throughout the entire movie. Each character has a defined purpose and each one fits perfectly into the overall story arc. In addition to Morpheus and Neo, there is the tough, yet vulnerable Trinity (Carrie-Ann Moss) and well-developed characters like Cypher and the Oracle. \\"The Matrix\\" also introduces the audience to one of the best cinematic villains to come along since Arnold Schwarzenneger's Terminator and \\"Star Wars\\" Darth Vader. It is one of the 'Agent' programs designed to eliminate the threat posed by these humans. He is called Agent Smith and he is played with such frightening menace by actor Hugo Weaving. Seemingly indestructible and definitely unpredictable, Agent Smith provokes the greatest fear among the brave band who do battle inside the Matrix. <BR><BR>The beauty of \\"The Matrix\\" is that it is still as strong four years later asit was when it was first released. The phenomenal success of this film led the Wachowskis to create trilogy out of this story. It has the power and potential to be as strong a remembered as fondly as the original \\"Star Wars\\" trilogy. To be able to be there at the beginning of such an amazing story now lets me understand how audiences felt in 1977 when they saw \\"Star Wars\\" for the first time.
B00006L7XQ|5.0|This collection of songs from various artists sung by the great man in black is superb.  All of the songs tell tales of heart-break, loves, losses, armageddon, and hope.  The great thing about Cash on this album is that he really uses his voice to evoke the emotions behind the songs.  On &quot;Hurt,&quot; a tune by Trent Reznor of Nine Inch Nails, Cash sings &quot;What have I become/My sweetest Friend/Everyone I know goes away/In the end,&quot; and boy can you tell that he means what he sings.  It's so brilliant that I prefer Cash's version to the original.  Cash has never been known for his beautiful voice, so like Dylan, he uses his own phrasings to really carry the song.  He was very wise in his choices of what songs to record on this album.  He chose stuff that you wouldn't think he would choose, such as &quot;Personal Jesus&quot; by Depeche Mode, and &quot;Bridge Over troubled water&quot; by Simon and Garfunkel.  Rick Rubin did a perfect job with the production on this album, it's somewhat spare.  With so much passion and range of emotion on this album I couldn't give it anything less than five stars.  It deserves a place in any music lovers collection.
6305736650|5.0|After having watched \\"Casablanca\\" for the first time, it has become quite clear to me why the period from the 1940's through the 1950's was considered Hollywood's 'Golden Era'.  I suspect that is was still the relative newness of the medium that enabled movies of this period to be of such high quality, a quality lacking in almost all of today's films.  During that period, gratuitous sex and violence were not permissible and there were no special effects to distract the audience from a poor story.  As a result, the way directors were able to engross the audiences in their films was by telling compelling stories and developing their characters with great depth and care.  These movies also involved some of quickest, sharpest, wittiest dialogue ever committed to the big screen.  The only director today who shows any understanding of the importance of clever and intelligent dialogue is Quentin Tarantino, but he makes overly violent movies and only makes about one film every 5 years.  <BR><BR>\\"Casablanca\\" may be the pantheon of the 'Golden Era'.  It is easily one of the most quoted movies in cinematic history and it has some the most memorable scenes.  For anyone who has not actually seen the movie, the plot centers on French Morocco during World War II in the city of Casablanca.  The fear of the German war machine drives people to Casablanca to seek any form of passage to the United States.  Business is fertile for men possessing the exit visas to get people across the Atlantic.  Much of the business takes place at Rick's Cafe Americain, run by a jaded Rick Blaine (played masterfully by the legendary Humphrey Bogart).  He was idealistic in his younger days, but now is a cynic and only helps people when it benefits him.  His world gets turned upside down when the former love of his life Isla (played by the luminous Ingrid Bergman) enters the Cafe with her husband, the revolutionary leader Victor Lazlo, looking for passage to the States.  It evokes one of the greatest lines in cinematic history and sets in motion series of events involving intrigue, passion, and suspense.  <BR><BR>The wordplay between Bogart's Rick and any one of the other characters is true treat to behold.  It is sharp and witty and seems so perfectly timed.  The only other movie I have ever seen that comes close to this level of dialogue is the old Cary Grant film \\"His Girl Friday\\".  Rick's enigmatic moods always leave the viewer wondering what path he'll choose.  Will it be the one of selfish interest or the one of greater good?  The viewer never knows until the very end.  Bergman's Ilsa is one of the most beautiful female characters in the history of film.  Bergman's beauty would be just as captivating today as it was back in the 1940's.  The passion of lost love between Ilsa and Rick is largely unspoken, but it's very palpable.  Unlike today's films, which feel the need show too much, \\"Casablanca\\" uses subtlety to convey the emotion and passion.  <BR><br />\\"Casablanca\\" is considered a violent movie without ever being too violent.  The threat of the German 'Gestapo' hanging over every action and every scene creates a tension, a fear, and a suspense that few movies can match.  <BR><BR>There is not one single wasted motion, scene, or character in this film.  There is purpose in everything that happens.  Characters from the shifty street vendor all the way to the shady Captain Renault have purpose and meaning.  \\"Casablanca\\" has been termed by some to be the 'perfect film'.  That's a lofty claim as some of the movies that were thought to be great in their time, now prove to be dated and almost a parody of themselves (\\"2001\\" and \\"The Graduate\\") are classic examples.  \\"Casablanca\\", however, earns that praise and proves to be a timeless classic that is as moving today as it was in 1942.
B00008S2VG|5.0|Madonna is showing one more time why she is the Queen of Pop.  This album is less eletronic than Music and has the right combination of Pop and Eletronic with Madonna's voice poping up at its best!  I would like to highlight the tiles Hollywood, Nobody Knows Me and I'm So Stupid.  I can't wait for the videos!!!
B0000029DD|3.0|It may just be that I've heard so much about this being the greatest cd of the 90's, that it would have been impossible to live up to my expectations. I don't hate it, I do think it's good--but nowhere near as good as I was lead to believe by all the glowing reviews. His voice is a wonder-a powerful musical instrument all by itself. The backing band is tight, the arrangements are, for the most part, interesting. The sheer beauty of the songs \\"Grace\\" \\"Hallilujah\\" and \\"Lover You Should've Come Over\\" is breathtaking. Those three songs are worth the price of admission, but once you get past those songs, the rest of the songs are just okay.
B00000DD2D|5.0|A perfect illustration of the influence of the Blues on Rock and Roll.  This is a great CD with the heavy weights of both the blues and Rock N Roll.  Where else can you find Jagger, Clapton, Page, Keith Richards, Robert Plant, Stephen Stills, Taj Mahal and Jimmy Rogers together.  If you like the blues, the last track itself is worth the price of the CD.
B00008I8IF|5.0|This is the first Jayhawks cd I ever purchased.  What a pleasant surprise!  Beautiful melodies, exquisite vocal harmonies, stellar guitar playing and the drummer actually plays percussion like it's a vital part of the music, instead of something just added.  I really love the first six songs, and find it hard to pick a favorite-but if you forced me to pick one, I'd go with &quot;All The Right Reasons&quot; because of the sweetness of the lyrics.  But there are eight more songs, and I really like them, too, almost as much-&quot;Will I See You In Heaven&quot; is probably the best of those songs.  This cd is one that really grows on you with repeated listenings.  The more you listen, the more nuances you hear in the music, which brings me to the production of Ethan Johns.  He is just about the best young producer to come along in a great while-he really knows how to put the best of his performers front and center in the records he works on.  If you prefer your rock and pop on the soft side, with country influences thrown in, I guarantee you'll like this!  Highly recommended!
0380973464|1.0|I believe they call this \\"hysterical fiction\\" nowadays-- literature so beefed up with detail and plot intrigue as to offer some source of verisimilitude... however the merit in this type of literature starts with William Gaddis, then Pynchon, and finally David Foster Wallace.<br />The point is those guys are hard to read, and the books are long so you as a reader can work through them with a concentration that's due to real art. <br />Stephenson, however, is a hack, and is one tier above grocery store fiction. I read 50 pages of this book and put it down when i realized it is terrible writing. Don't waste your life on a book that doesn't pay off at all.
B00008WG3U|5.0|NOFX has never failed to deliver a listenable album, and The War On Errorism is no exception.  This is a pretty solid punk record with a few tracks that delve into the more experimental side of the genre.  Alot of leftist politics, a good deal of the usual NOFX humor, and a collection of catchy songs.  What more could you ask?  This isn't Punk In Drublic, but hey it's been almost ten years since that one came out, personally I like to hear bands progress and change as they age.  The great thing about NOFX has always been that they are, unlike many bands, not afraid to take risks and take their sound to new levels.  This of course means that some people are going to accuse them of selling out, but any trained dog can do the same tricks over and over again.  <BR>While not the greatest NOFX disc ever made, (Check out Punk In Drublic for that particular achievement) it's solid and worth while.  And it does contain some classic NOFX tunes.  &quot;Mattersville&quot; is by far my favorite song on the album, check out the use of vibraphones, it's quite enjoyable.  It's a rewarding experience to watch a band grow and change over the years and still maintain a sense of vitality.  The musicianship is, as usual, tight as can be.  Lyrically, there are the usual NOFX turns of phrase, and thematically it is a more &quot;grown up&quot; disc than the average punk record.  That's not saying anything bad, though.  It's nice to hear a punk record that is interesting, funny, witty, and socially conscious again.  But then of course, if you already are a NOFX fan, you know that they have been doing that for years.  <BR>I would say that if you are already into NOFX, buy The War on Errorism, if you aren't then buy it anyway, then get the rest of their stuff.  It's good, and the booklet, cover, and the bonus footage on the enhanced portion of the CD are all cool bonuses to a great set of songs.
031286504X|5.0|Richard Matheson's &quot;I am Legend&quot; takes the traditional vampire novel (in this case, they've taken over the Earth) and combines it with the killer plague theme and tops it all off with a last-man-on-Earth scenario that is as compelling as it is frightening.  Unlike many other 1950s sci-fi and horror novels, it has lost little of its impact.<br />Protagonist Robert Neville lives in his barricaded house near Los Angeles.  During the day he can move around, but at night the vampires surround his house and try to break in.  He keeps them at bay, but at a terrible cost to his mental well being.  In an effort to stave off madness, he begins to research was caused the vampire plague.  He eventually discovers the truth, which then leads to a climax that is both electrifying and haunting.<br />The novel itself is only 170 pages in length, and the length of this trade paperback edition has been doubled by the inclusion of a number of Matheson short stories.  The shorts of of varying quality, but they do not detract from what is one of the best vampire novels ever written.
B00008S2VH|4.0|When I first popped this CD into my stereo, I wondered what went wrong. Now, however, after owning it for three or four weeks, I have learned to enjoy the music. Definitely not her absolute best album but not all bad either. For lifelong fans, you gotta stay committed even through the down times. . .
B000003C51|5.0|When I first bought this years ago , I was spellbound by Joe's Prowess, musicality, and talent. The feeling still exists when I listen to it today. this is one of the finest releases ever!! Not just for instrumental music , but ALL music. If you are a guitar fan, well, if you enjoy real guitar playing (Clapton,Page,Hendrix fans stay in your caves, you cannot handle Joe's musicality) You should have this CD. <BR>If you want beautiful melodies , virtuoso guitar playing and excellent songs get Surfing. <BR>If you think Joe is a wanker because he uses more than one scale (like The above mentioned hacks) stay away, you are a musical simpleton, and do not deserve to listen to this CD. <BR> Joe is the best Rock guitar player there is, and he CAN do it all, jazz, blues, Metal, Fusion, Classical, you name it, he can do it.
B000002H33|5.0|This album will blow your head apart! I first heard it in '86, and could barely comprehend it! I was used to bands like Maiden, Priest, Motorhead, etc. Nothing could prepare me for \\"Master Of Puppets\\"! It was lightning fast, slow, in between, and intelligent! It took the complex subject of control and broke it down into parts. Cultism, addiction, fear, insanity, rebellion, the military, death, religious leaders, etc. I still can't believe how awesome Puppets really is! \\"Disposable Heroes\\" remains my favorite song of all time! A buddy of mine played Puppets in the cockpit of his Apache gunship during gulf war one (which I always found ironic). It's THAT intense!! This music is amazing today. It was unbelievable in the goofy, synthesized '80s! If you don't already own it, shame on you...
B00006690G|5.0|This album is awesome.  This is not usually my type of music.  This album is so good that it caused me to cross genres.   If you can get past whatever pre-conceived notions you have about Eminem, you should give this album a listen.  It might suprise you.<br />Only bad part of this album is the Obi Trice song.
0385504209|5.0|I recently bought the Da Vinci Code about a week ago and have already finished it. The author Dan Brown ends almost every chapter with mystery making you not want to put the book down. The book leave you guessing about who &quot;the Teacher&quot; could possibly be and wondering if the main characters do find what they set out for. The end is a wonderfully shocking, I personally have never liked reading, but this book makes me want to read more. I think everyone should read this amazing book that makes you want to go on a quest of your own.
B000062YAZ|5.0|Without a doubt, the best thrash metal albumn to come out in the last 20 years. Period!
B00006JJ1O|5.0|I really love the t.A.T.u cd and tatu for that matter. Ever since the first time that i listened to the cd...i can never stop its an obsession and i have found myself likein the remixes and russian songs too! its just an awsome cd and i think they 2 girls (Yulia Volkova and Elena Katina) have extraordinary talent that they use to  the maximum! I also think about the whole lesbein thing that well...its not my life...but it is there and they have the freedom to to watever they want. I'd give this a 10 star rating if i could...i'd also recommend it to anyone that likes...Rock/Pop/Techno cause tatu songs have all these qualities!! I love t.A.T.u!!
B000092ZYX|5.0|This is a great album and is unlike anything Radiohead has ever made.  It is not OK Computer 2 as some would say, it is not Kid A and it is not Amnesiac.  This album has some great moody, dreary songs as well as a couple upbeat rock songs mixed with a good dose of upbeat electronic songs.  You won't be disappointed.
B000002UJQ|5.0|the dark side of the moon of the nineties.  let down is maybe their best song ever.  cool in pro logic II.  not too many current artists interest me but radiohead does.  on subsequent albums (kid A and amnesiac)  they are not afraid to experiment.  this is what made the seventies such a great era in music.  not following a formula sound but progressing like radiohead has and like bands of the past: yes, rush, the jam, king crimson, genesis (peter gabriel era), be bop deluxe.  I highly recommend this cd.
0066214122|3.0|Okay. If I compare Prey to the other novels that Crichton has written, it is not going to stand up too well. Everything --from the science to the characters to the plot-- stands in poor contrast to, say, an \\"Andromeda Strain\\" or a \\"Jurrasic Park.\\" The formula that had served Crichton so well in the past (neat technology + characters a reader can sympathize with + mind boggling disaster = great novel) has become transparent and worn out in Prey. The main character was just too perfect: supportive father and husband, so in the right, so nauseatingly good. He was a caricature of a protagonist. The bad guys were as inhuman: out of control monsters or a faceless, malignant corporation. Heroes and villians straight from the cookie-cutter seemed like to me. And the science lacked originality or challenge. Instead of 2003, the story could very well have been written in 1993, technologically speaking.     The language is fine throughout the novel; easy to see that the author has an excellent grasp of it. Too bad he didn't use his skills to push the science fiction genre's envelope.     He used to.
B000092ZYX|3.0|I can never tell whether Thome Yorke is waxing philosophical about politics or not...but is this album about Washington D.C. and the Prez of the U.S.??  I can't tell for sure.<br />As for the sounds I've heard on \\"Hail...,\\" they seem pretty good, pretty mellow, like on the classic record \\"Kid A.\\"  I'm just not sure about Yorke, though; he sometimes seems way too pretentious for his own good, and for the good of Radiohead's ever-dwindling history.  Is Yorke the leader of this band, or what???  If so, is he on drugs!!!????<br />Well, I plan on listening to this album a lot more, 'cause it's one of those albums that have a lot of complex layers to it.  If I can just dig beneath some of Yorke's layers, maybe I'll understand it.<br />Anyone else think this album might be for the President of the U.S.??<br />SEE YA' LATER!!!
B00006AW2G|5.0|Cranking up the intro to &quot;Money Man&quot; in your car stereo  with the windows rolled way down on a warm sunny day is worth the price of this disc alone! <BR>Sound, clarity, stunning, presence, aura, satanic, Keith, open &quot;g&quot; tuning ..'nuff said.  If you're a Rolling Stones fan and you don't buy this, you're not a Rolling Stones fan. So get what you need! (Run on sentences not included).
B000002GVO|5.0|A truly great classic rock album from start to finish. The haunting, classic title track is along with Stairway to Heaven one of the most played songs on rock stations of all time. A strong sense of melody along with conceptual songwriting drive this album much like the Beatles Sgt Pepper album and Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon. There are no filler songs here, apart from the Title track other standouts are New Kid in Town, Life in the Fast Lane, and Wasted Time. <br />The closing track which closes out the album beautifully might be one of the Eagles best tracks, The Last Resort. Although some people find the song a bit 'preachy' because of its lyrics, this is an incredibyly, beautifully composed ballad and Don Henley delivers the vocals in one of his most impassioned recordings. <BR>Listening to him sing the lyrics to this song, you are almost transposed into the world of Hotel California.
B000084T18|2.0|Imagine all the sweet beats on this album blanketed by Eminem's rapping and lyrics. That would've been something amazing. Too bad we're stuck with 50's droll voice and moronic rhymes. It's tragic.<br />I think 50 should thank his lucky stars. All 2 of them. Yep, I'm talkin' about Em and Dre.
B00005RHGK|4.0|I've been a fan of horror films for over 30 years and this is one of the best I've seen in recent years. I found it to be extremely unsettling and the movie stayed with me some time after watching it, which is a good sign that the film succeeded in creeping me out! The only other films I've seen in recent years that affected me the same way were The Blair Witch Project and the original Japanese version of The Ring. I'm heartily sick of derivative slasher flicks cast with teens/20somethings that are boringly predictable, like Valentine, Urban Legends and the latest Halloween and Friday The 13th sequels, so this one was like a breath of fresh air to a jaded horror fan.<br />The DVD is great. The special features are well selected and informative which is why I imported this one from the US. The Region 4 version contains no special features at all, so this version is definitely the one to own if you're interested in behind-the-scenes stuff.
B000002J09|4.0|Most of the songs on a one CD collection of Led Zepplin's greatest hits come from this one. If I could only have one album of theirs it would definitely be this one.
0806930152|3.0|I feel almost guilty, like I'm missing something, but I just couldn't get into this book.  Everybody spoke so highly of it, but I just didn't find anything in its pages that made me a better artist.<br />Now I have the UTMOST respect for anyone who ever taught at the Art Student's League in New York--I wish I had the opportunity to attend.  (Maybe that's what I was hoping to vicariously achieve with this book.)  And I have no doubt that Mr. Bridgman was, and is, a legend in the figure drawing world.  But the illustrations throughout the whole book are really bad.  I mean, like, unrecognizably so.  <br />With all of my anatomy books I like to practice by trying to sketch the drawings in my own sketchbook, but with these pictures, there's just nothing to copy.  It's more like looking at sketches that somebody made on a cocktail napkin.  I guess I just like examples to follow when I'm receiving instruction, and I just don't feel like I'm getting it here.  It's more like a biology lecture with grainy slides.<br />The other day I bought &quot;How to Draw the Human Figure: An Anatomical Approach&quot; by Louise Gordon, and have found it to be a much better buy, I think.  Same price, better anatomy, much better pictures.  Check it out.  Either way, happy figure drawing.
0321127420|3.0|Martin Fowler is a great speaker and presenter. I felt this book felt short of his image and wasn't all that good. If Martin were not the author of this book, I suspect that it would not have sold any copies.
B00000295A|5.0|This album is my co-co-favorite album by Jamiroquai, if that makes any sense. If you are interested in buying a Jamiroquai album, I offer here one guy's guide to this very talented artist. <br />Emergency On Planet Earth: &quot;The 70's Instrumental Album&quot;<br />This is more like 70's/jazz. Lots of horns. The production and arrangements remind me of listening to a 70's album, too. I played this in front of some of my students one day while I was doing paperwork after school; they remarked that the music was &quot;repetitive, but not really redundant,&quot; which made me smile. The opening synth riff on Revolution -- very &quot;analog&quot; and throw-back sounding. I love every song. I don't think that this album has a &quot;beginning&quot; or &quot;early career&quot; sound; it is just a great album to me, period. I felt that way when I first heard it and I feel that way now. Although the spirit of Jamiroquai was probably the same through those first three albums, I can definitely see how people who liked this album may not have liked the successive albums. This album is very heavy on &quot;traditional&quot; musical instruments, whereas the keyboards, though important to the sound, are present mostly as flourishes and solos here and there. I would also like to say that, in my opinion, this is not just a novelty album that has elements of 70's funk thrown in for show. It's almost like this IS a 70's album, and JK really IS channelling Stevie Wonder. Do I recommend this album? Oh yes. Also, I have no quarrel with my friends, almost all of whom can not stand this album for more than 20 minutes. It's just a matter of whether or not you like the 2 minute funk digressions and horn solos. So yes, I am biased, because this is one of my favorite albums of all time, and &quot;Music of the Mind&quot; might be my favorite instrumental of all time!<br />Return of the Space Cowboy: &quot;The Somewhat Psychedlic, Somewhat Synthy Album.&quot;<br /> I like this as much as EOPE (see above). I heard this when it came out in Europe, and it was my introduction to Jamiroquai. Man, I was in France and they must have played the title track every hour, every day on the radio. You'd never find a US station playing 5 minutes of falsetto-laden, spacey, synth funk -- with a false ending -- all day long, that's for sure. The title track is great, and the rest is even better, culminating in the epic &quot;Just Another Story.&quot; But every song's a classic. Bottom line: kind of like EOPE, but the songs seem longer and more psychedelic at times. The keyboards are much more prominent.  I like this album as much as EOPE. This was not their breakthrough album in the US, but I knew something was afoot when I heard &quot;Mr. Moon&quot; playing on the company-regulated music selections at The Gap one day . . . my goodness, The Gap. <br />Travelling Without Moving: &quot;More Pop, More Disco, More Styles, Fewer Digressions.&quot;<br />I think this was the last one with the original bassist. This album has one or two songs that I liked, but did not love (e.g., &quot;Virtual Insanity&quot; didn't do much for me.). Otherwise I loved this album to the point where I just scratched up and wore out my first copy in about six months. Jamiroquai made poppy-sounding songs on this album, disco (what else would you call &quot;Cosmic Girl&quot;?), threw in some reggae (&quot;Drifting Along&quot;), and some pretty cool funk (&quot;High Times&quot;). And it all worked. As if those weren't enough, he made one awesome drum-and-bass track (untitled) that left me reaching for the &quot;repeat&quot; button over and over. A couple of songs were sub-Jamiroquai quality IMHO (though still good), but most were just brilliant.  Overall, this album had higher highs and lower lows.<br />The other Jamiroquai albums are good. Some great dancing songs on Synkronized, especially, but with only half of the songs being &quot;excellent,&quot; I have to put that one a bit below the first three. (Nonetheless, I challenge anyone to stay seated when &quot;Canned Heat&quot; or &quot;Planet Home&quot; is played!)  I have only owned &quot;A Funk Odyssey&quot; for about a month, so I am not in a position to rate it just yet. <br />Well, hopefully this long-winded survey has not made the members of the Jamiroquai nation too peeved. There's not enough space to write everything that is good about their music, and let's face it . . . a bad song by Jamiroquai is 20X better than what most bands could ever hope to produce. That's it, I'm out.
0060934913|5.0|Tony Bourdain's breakthrough book Kitchen Confidential invites readers into a world few have seen more than the tiniest hints of: the hectic, high-pressure world of the professional kitchen.<br />Written as an expose of sorts, many of the things Bourdain covers will shock the casual diner reading his book, from staff parties afterhours with lines of coke all down the bar to the reasons not to ever order the seafood special or get your steak cooked well-done.  Primarily, the book covers Tony's life as a chef, from his drug-filled college days to stints at what must seem half the restaurants in NYC to his getting his life back on track and his success at his current job--yet the book is not a biography (unless of the industry itself); it instead offers on-the-mark observations on personalities, the business of restaurants, and the trials of achieving one's dreams.<br />While the book's subject matter is in itself interesting, what really makes Bourdain's book excel is his writing style: harsh, frank, and unapologetic yet still paced well and very readable.  His descriptions leap out like something from a hard-boiled detective novel and make for an easy read.
0142800023|3.0|Will the real Ken Follett please stand up?  Ken Follett has me confused.  The first book of his I read, Code to Zero, was fantastic.  The second, Lie Down With Lions, was (and continutes to be) awful.  Jackdaws lies somewhere in between, but thankfully leans toward the strong end of the Follett Quality Continuum.<br />Jackdaws is, without a doubt, a fast-paced and exciting read.  At it's core, it sort of like \\"The Dirty Dozen\\" with chicks.  Feminists, please hold your \\"NOT HELPFUL!\\" votes in check for a moment.  The reason I say \\"chicks\\" is because that's exactly how Follett writes the women of this story.  With the exception of Flick, the strongly written heroine, Follett presents his readers with an intriguing set of feminine charicatures that have loads of potential, but never amount to more than self-ambulating window dressing.  More on that later.<br />This isn't a tale of a broad-brush invasion or have exotic locales all over the world, but that is Jackdaws' strength.  This is a story about an admirable group of resistance fighters trying to make a difference in their corner of the war, and it ends up rippling to far greater effect.  The setting is WWII, Nazi-occupied France just before the D-Day invasion.  Flick and her French resistance counterparts seek to knock out the Nazi communications center and come up with an innovative plan to do it: disquise a team of women to infiltrate the comm center dressed as cleaning ladies.  Through the story, Flick is unknowingly matching wits with a Nazi intelligence officer, and the cat-and-mouse games begin.<br />Follett fleshes out his Nazi anti-hero, Dieter, at least as much as any other character, and that makes him interesting.  Indeed, he is methodically sadistic in extracting information from his subjects.  Follett graphically describes his methods, which are invariably more effective (but no less painful) than the brutal beatings regularly meted out by the Gestapo officers.  This proves to be a profound reminder that war is hell, and Dieter is the dungeon-master's model of German efficiency.  Though Follett presents Dieter as a human subject, he is far from sympathetic.<br />The ladies Flick and British intelligence agencies recruit are a motley crew.  They're outcasts from general society that have special and/or unique skills.  Here's where Follett fell deeply into P.C. mode, trying to fit the square peg of all-inclusiveism into the round hole of a decent plot line.  If you think I'm nuts, just bear with me for a moment.  Why did Follett feel compelled to include a lesbian and a transvestite on this all-\\"female\\" team?  It certainly didn't advance the plot, though if he'd worked it right, it could have.  The lesbian sub-plot only turned out to be a mere few paragraphs (including a half-dressed encounter) that ended with a \\"whatever makes you happy\\" sermon by the squad commander.  Do you honestly think that would have flown in the '40s?  Probably not, and besides, it sounded so preachy.<br />When Follett first revealed a transvestite, I was intrigued. I was looking forward to how the team could utilize a cross-dresser's unique \\"talents and abilities\\", but again Follett squandered this plot potential.  That member of the team's \\"true identity\\" is revealed, then \\"she\\" is henceforth treated like one of the girls with essentially no issue from the other team members and no big unique pay-off during the mission.  Again, this contrived plot line (if you can even call it that) is way too 21st-century-tolerance to be believed in a novel set in WWII.  So forced.  So sad.  With this kind of interpersonal plot line in place, the least he could have done is treated his audience to some realistic dialogue, actions, or reactions.<br />Shortcomings aside, Jackdaws remains an exciting read.  Follett's greatest strength is in his descriptions of the action, and scenes that include running, shooting, and exploding shine.  Gratefully, I can say, he gives of plenty of that.that war is hell, and Dieter is the dungeon-master's model of German efficiency.  Though Follett presents Dieter as a human subject, he is far from sympathetic.<br />The ladies Flick and British intelligence agencies recruit are a motley crew.  They're outcasts from general society that have special and/or unique skills.  Here's where Follett fell deeply into P.C. mode, trying to fit the square peg of all-inclusiveism into the round hole of a decent plot line.  If you think I'm nuts, just bear with me for a moment.  Why did Follett feel compelled to include a lesbian and a transvestite on this all-\\"female\\" team?  It certainly didn't advance the plot, though if he'd worked it right, it could have.  The lesbian sub-plot only turned out to be a mere few paragraphs (including a half-dressed encounter) that ended with a \\"whatever makes you happy\\" sermon by the squad commander.  Do you honestly think that would have flown in the '40s?  Probably not, and besides, it sounded so preachy.<br />When Follett first revealed a transvestite, I was intrigued. I was looking forward to how the team could utilize a cross-dresser's unique \\"talents and abilities\\", but again Follett squandered this plot potential.  That member of the team's \\"true identity\\" is revealed, then \\"she\\" is henceforth treated like one of the girls with essentially no issue from the other team members and no big unique pay-off during the mission.  Again, this contrived plot line (if you can even call it that) is way too 21st-century-tolerance to be believed in a novel set in WWII.  So forced.  So sad.  With this kind of interpersonal plot line in place, the least he could have done is treated his audience to some realistic dialogue, actions, or reactions.<br />Shortcomings aside, Jackdaws remains an exciting read.  Follett's greatest strength is in his descriptions of the action, and scenes that include running, shooting, and exploding shine.  Gratefully, I can say, he gives of plenty of that.
0441003257|5.0|Terry Pratchett has long been known (and admired) for his considerable ability to make anyone and anything a satirical target.  He has taken on the police force, Death, and every conceivable political institution know to man.  The Powers That Be, of course, are the only target left.  And boy were they hit hard.<br />  Teamed with the uber-talented Neil Gaiman, Pratchett has taken the wit and wisdom of his famed Discworld series and applied it to the end of the world.  The result is one of the most brilliant books you will ever read.<br />  The story of Good Omens follows a variety of characters, the principles being Crowley (a demon who has \\"gone native\\"), Aziraphale (an angel who has pretty much \\"gone native\\" as well), and Adam, the Antichrist, who was mistakenly switched at birth and has grownup away from the influence of Good and Evil.  The Apocalypse has been right on schedule, until Hell realizes that the aforementioned Antichrist is not where he is supposed to be, and Crowley, now the focus of a great deal of blame, must find him.  Of course, Pratchett's trademark humor is found throughout the book.  The demons and angels have decidedly human qualities (Crowley attempts to enrage humanity into sinning by jamming all cell phones in London for example), which not only exposes our own flaws in a humorous way, but also adds to the appeal of the characters.  Everything from poorly-made foreign cars, to bikers, to the entirety of Manchester has been lampooned with satirical perfection and when you aren't laughing at the subtle humor, you are marveling at how well the plot flows and the sheer variety of characters portrayed.  Fair warning - if Douglas Adams and Monty Python have never been appealing to you, you will probably not \\"get\\" this book.  For those of you who are so enlightened, however, this comes with my highest possible recommendation.
0553269631|5.0|I don't really know what to say first.  I guess I'll say that I just finished reading it for a second time and there is only one other book I've read more than once and will read again.  McCullers is an amazing writer.  This novel is written so beautifully.  It will start slow but in a chapter or two you'll find yourself pulled into a world that you can't leave.  I recently gave this book to a cousin of mine as a gift and she had a similar reaction.  I actually had to read this for an english class at my school and might never have picked it up otherwise.  The characters' lives cross in such interesting ways and all of them deal with Singer, who is still a mystery I am trying to figure out.  This book will pull you on an emotion rollercoaster and then leave you thinking about it for years after it ends, like a good movie does.  I rarely cry in movies and almost never over a book but this one brought me to tears more than a few times.   Just read it and maybe you'll understand.
0441003257|5.0|Terry Pratchett has long been known (and admired) for his considerable ability to make anyone and anything a satirical target.  He has taken on the police force, Death, and every conceivable political institution know to man.  The Powers That Be, of course, are the only target left.  And boy were they hit hard.  <BR>     Teamed with the uber-talented Neil Gaiman, Pratchett has taken the wit and wisdom of his famed Discworld series and applied it to the end of the world.  The result is one of the most brilliant books you will ever read.  <br />     The story of Good Omens follows a variety of characters, the principles being Crowley (a demon who has \\"gone native\\"), Aziraphale (an angel who has pretty much \\"gone native\\" as well), and Adam, the Antichrist, who was mistakenly switched at birth and has grownup away from the influence of Good and Evil.  The Apocalypse has been right on schedule, until Hell realizes that the aforementioned Antichrist is not where he is supposed to be, and Crowley, now the focus of a great deal of blame, must find him.  Of course, Pratchett's trademark humor is found throughout the book.  The demons and angels have decidedly human qualities (Crowley attempts to enrage humanity into sinning by jamming all cell phones in London for example), which not only exposes our own flaws in a humorous way, but also adds to the appeal of the characters.  Everything from poorly-made foreign cars, to bikers, to the entirety of Manchester has been lampooned with satirical perfection and when you aren't laughing at the subtle humor, you are marveling at how well the plot flows and the sheer variety of characters portrayed.  Fair warning - if Douglas Adams and Monty Python have never been appealing to you, you will probably not \\"get\\" this book.  For those of you who are so enlightened, however, this comes with my highest possible recommendation.
0804106304|5.0|I know this might sounds like an overstatement, but it's true. I've read this book so many times, and it's full of highlighting, dog-eared pages. Wonderful pieces of wisdom and Amy Tan's writing style is magical!
B000067CPX|5.0|Without a doubt this CD is as good or better than Blood Sugar Sex Magik, the only other Peppers CD that even comes close (not that the others are bad or anything).  The Peppers, who have always previously had killer chops and a keen sense of style, actually sat down and wrote some amazing song structures and melodies for this one.  \\"Venice Queen\\" is quite simply one of the most goregeous ballads I have ever heard.  When you combine awesome songs with the talent and ability of Flea and John Frusciante, the result is spine-tingling in its beauty, grace, and energy.  Although a definite departure from anything the band has done in the past and rather shocking in its shift in tone, the CD is very rewarding after one accepts the new sound.
B00006BTCA|4.0|Good God come on now let's not get crazy and call them peers of the Strokes. While I admit that the Strokes are fun to listen to every once in a while and have a nice lo-fi rock and roll sound, I would never go so far as to say they are sophisticated or that they can create soundscapes. Please do not judge this album based on the Amazon editorial review (which are usually very good). Otherwise, Interpol are a good band with a great sound. Good CD. Bravo.
B00005JKPF|5.0|X2. WOW!!! What can I say? From the very beginning of Nightcrawler's attack on the White House, to the Surprise Ending. X2 is the complete formula for what a Summer Blockbuster should be all about!<br />The movie is great! All of the original cast of X1 (except the deceased) returns in the sequel. Which was great to see, because if even one person was missing from the movie, this film would not have been as great. We also have some new characters in the group, both good and bad such as: Nightcrawler, Lady Deathstrike and Colossus just to name a few.<br />With a bigger budget and a bigger cast, the FX of X2 is completely out there. As I said, the first 10 minutes of the movie is very intense and left me speechless. It was Awesome. I was also very impressed at the story of this second movie. Waiting 3 years, everyone has changed and are all evololving differently, from looks to powers. But, what really got to me was how strong and mature X2 is. The characters are equally put forward, which was good to see since this is a big cast with many things going on at once, everyone is well organised and is put on the screen equally (sometimes). But, overall X2 has everything I wanted that X1 didn't.<br />X1 was more of an introduction for the audiences to get to know what these characters are dealing with in society (it also lacked a bit on the action). As for X2, it showed that, with way more punches to keep the audiences involved. Bryan Singer, directs the film, once again, with complete honesty and respect for each character and really empathises with them. He shows that he has a certain connetion with this movie and Is really trying to be faithful to the comic book series. Overall an Excellent Achivement. Good Work Bryan!<br />The ending was very emotional and unexpected. The performances are great! With Ian McKellen and Patrick Stewart being the best as always. Brian Cox is a great addition, to the talented cast, as the mean villain Stryker, ready to get revenge. Halle Berry, fresh from her Academy win, is showing off her best talent. So is Famke Jansen, James Marsden, Anna Pacquin and the incredible Hugh Jackman.<br />Overall, X2 is a cool and fun film. While it is a more serious story that the first, it also has some major jokes to keep the audiences laughing. So Go see X2 and see what has evolved in the evolution.
B00008OWZC|4.0|This is the finest live release from Led Zeppelin yet.<BR>Great sound quality, really good playing and even some fine vocals from Bob.<BR>I wouldn't go as far as to say it's superior to Deep Purple's Made In Japan (which was also recorded in the summer of 1972) but it's really first-rate nevertheless.<BR>I'll be playing this live album all summer until Deep Purple's new album \\"Bananas\\" comes out in late August. Inside sources say, \\"Wow! A truly great album\\". EMI are even <BR>calling this CD priority one. That's what the industry calls it when a big album is <BR>on the way. Oh, what a great year for hard rockin' music.
B000092ZYX|5.0|This CD is truly a work of art. It took me a second listen to really hear all that was going on in the music but now that I have I really like this CD.  I haven't been a big Radiohead fan (the only other album I own is Amnesiac) but this album definately has me hooked.  This album is well worth the money, and more.
0385504209|5.0|Unlike many readers, I honestly didn't have any problem letting go of history and embracing the fun of this *fictional* story. Dan Brown was not attempting to write a historical document, nor was he trying to rewrite art history. He wrote a mystery, full of suspense and drama. By using commonly known works, Brown makes this story much more accesible to most readers.<br />I enjoyed this very-readable book...but I also didn't expect it to be documented historical fact. If read with a light heart and a spirit of fiction, this is a terrific read.
0783225970|5.0|This is one of the best Pacino movies ever.  It is so tight.  So many good lines, memorable scenes, and just all arround tight stuff.
B00004XOWM|5.0|This album was the biggest thing that came out in its time. I don't understand what is wrong with ppl with their one, two, even three star ratings. Why all the hating ppl. Don't y'all realise it was Limp Bizkit and this album that brought new life (probably even totally reinvent) rap/nu-metal as it is today? I think ppl out there are comparing this album or group to mainstream rock/alternative, that's maybe the prob. Ya gotta know ur music first before u criticise!! Respect to all those who gave this album the props it deserves!
B000002TPS|5.0|Megadeth has made great Thrash album in the 80's. Now in the 90's they bring more slow down, art oriented metal. Still great, and still Megadeth, Youthanasia brings more kick [booty] Megadeth songs.<br />The sound quality is a lot better than in \\"Countdown\\", eventhough the songs are a bit slower. The drums are again pounding and the guitars have a great distorted, and sometimes clean, sound too. The Bass lines are tipical Ellefson, and the lyrics and vocals are Mustaine's mastermind creations.<br />It's fast at times (Youthanasia's solo), groovy (Train of Consequeces riff), Metal (Addicted to Chaos), thrashy (Reckoning day's verse), Melodic (A tout Le monde). It's all the best of Metal in a very good album.<br />Never boring, all songs are different and yet good, no need for skipping, a must have. <br />Stand Outs: \\"Reckoning Day\\", \\"A tout Le monde\\"
0812548094|5.0|This is an AWESOME follow up to &quot;Wizards First Rule&quot;.  There is no doubt that Terry has set the bar a little higher for those that follow.  This is a definate page turner.  Again, the bad news: the book ends, the good news: he has a sequel to this one too.  If you haven't already started reading Terry's books, start NOW.
B000002UDD|5.0|Just like Peace Sells, But whose buying... MEgadeth provides the heaviest riffs and fastest beats in heavy metal in this album.<br />It's a true thrash album, the first two songs, are shredding masterpieces, the rest are just as good musically (specially \\"Mary Jane\\") and lyrically (\\"In My Darkest Hour\\").<br />The first song, \\"Into The Lungs of Hell\\", is Thrash music all in one song. \\"In My Darkest Hour\\" is a Metal Epic masteriece. Other's like 502 and Hook In Mouth, kick [butt] too.<br />The only bad song is \\"Anarchy in the UK\\" a Sex Pistols song that only a punk band as the Sex Pistols can do right. The recording of the album is not that great either, there is a flange effect in the guitars throughtout the album, some might enjoy it, some might be able to get through it, like i did, but some will hate it.<br />Stand outs: \\"Into the lungs of Hell\\", \\"In My darkest Hour\\"
B00008XEOI|4.0|You have to love the gift of music that Elton John has bestowed upon this movie.  You have to love the vivid characters and the striking animated scenery.  It has all of the Disney trademarks both good and bad.  <br />In many cases the more recent Disney flicks are more upbeat than the older ones.  However, this one seems to harken back to the darkest elements of Snow White - family members experiencing murderous rage due to jealousy.  It seems that, although the good guys win, there is still a strong undercurrent of hatred and fear that I think kids and adults can do without when they want to watch a movie with the entire family.
B000002V0Q|5.0|Megadeth left thrash behind before making this album, which was a very daring move. It payed out though. Gone are the fast tempos and shreding (except for a some solos in this album). <br />The songs are all great eventhough \\"Countdown...\\", \\"Skin...\\" and the last song are stand outs. All songs are strong eventhough the digital recording killed all the pounding replacing it with clean very listenable riffs and beats. <br />Songs such as \\"symphony for destruction\\" and \\"Sweating bullets\\" had that crazy stop sing and then play. Kicks ass!<br />Other songs such as \\"Skin Of My Teeth\\" and the final track are awesome songs. Heavy yet clear, strong, yet melodic.<br />A classic Megadeth album indeed, and worth every dollar!<br />Highlights: Title track<BR>Lowlights: Foreclosure of a dream, sorry, the song is good, but definitely the least close to be the best of the album.
B00005JM1F|5.0|This is the funniest movie since Dumb and Dumber, mainly because of Will Ferrell. Vince Vaughn and Luke Wilson are great too though. I've seen this movie about 10 times, 4 in the theatre and the rest on DVD. To the people who say you can't even compare it to Animal House, trust me, you can. It might not be quite as funny but it isn't too far off. Great time watching it with friends and the DVD has some great extras too. The funniest scene in the movie was deleted and can be found under &quot;setup&quot; and clicking on &quot;Ask Frank&quot; trust me its hilarious.
B000094A6A|4.0|Totally funny, DO NOT watch this with your parents or little siblings.....Awesome movie!
B000084T18|4.0|The good thing about Get Rich or Die Tryin is that there is not a single track that can be labeled as bad or skippable. The album is consistently enjoyable and riveting from start to finish. This is where the repetitive part comes in. The hard-hitting, thumping beats that comprise 50 Cent's album ultimately meld all the songs together. After listening to album for a long time, all the songs really do start to sound the same due to the Dr. Dre/Eminem-produced power beats that emphasize each track. The single exception to this is \\"21 Questions,\\" a delightful surprise tucked in toward the end of the album that shows a completely different facet of 50 as well as a different aspect to the album.<BR>Overall, it's a great album to listen to in your car, your living room, \\"in da club\\" or anywhere you may be. Go out and cop it.
B00006LPES|2.0|It has been about two weeks since I viewed this film.  I still think of it often and find myself genuinely disturbed by it.  I don't agree at all with the reviewers who found the movie pretentious or boring.  It is absolutely riveting and dark, but you have to wonder what you are viewing, what is being said about women (even if the novel the film is based on was written by a woman), and why such a subject has to be told in such a graphic way.  It seems that if something absolutely repulsive is created in an artistic way people are eager to praise it or risk being labeled anti-intellectual.  I saw the rated R version and had to turn away and even fast forward the scene involving the violent confrontation.  Anyone who can view what looks like rape to me and call out \\"brilliant!\\" or \\"artistic masterpiece!\\" is too twisted for my taste.  This is not a film for a seeker of beauty or anyone with a sensitive heart.  Even if you love drama and tragedy, as I do, this work is in a category all its own.  I read a review that likened this film to a car accident: you know you shouldn't look at what could be a gruesome mess, but you look anyway.  Try not to look.  You might regret it and feel a cloud over your spirit for quite awhile.
B00005JLYU|2.0|I HAVE NO PROBLEM WITH THIS MOVIE, I'M SURE THE GIRLS DO A FINE JOB JUST LIKE THEY DID IN THE FIRST ONE. THAT MOVIE TURNED OUT ALRIGHT IN SPITE OF MY INITIAL MISGIVINGS ABOUT SEEING IT. AND THAT WAS DUE IN LARGE PART TO GOOD CASTING. THE CAST OF ANGELS IS BACK ALONG WITH DEMI MOORE AS THE BADDIE, BUT WHO IN THEIR RIGHT MIND CAST BERNIE MAC AS BOSLEY? DIDN'T ANYONE WATCH THE 70'S T.V. SHOW? BOSLEY WAS TIMID AND UNSURE OF HIMSELF, IN SHORT EVERYTHING BERNIE MAC ISN'T. BILL MURRAY WAS GREAT IN THAT ROLE! (NOTE TO MOVIE PRODUCERS) WHEN YOU REMAKE A T.V. SHOW THAT HAS AN ESTABLISHED AUDIENCE TRY TO STAY TRUE TO US AND MAKE THE CHARACTERS THE WAY WE REMEMBER THEM, DON'T JUST CAST SOMEBODY IN A ROLE BECAUSE THIER POPULAR. I WILL PROBABY SEE THE MOVIE DESITE THIS GIGANTIC SCREW UP IN CASTING, I JUST HOPE THE OTHERS CAN PULL IT ABOVE SUCH AN OBVIOUS FLAW. MR.MURRAY WILL BE SADLY MISSED.
B000002UAX|5.0|People may be surprised to learn that the White Album is far and away the biggest selling Beatle album of any in the United States.  Not only that, it is the 6th biggest selling album of all time in the United States, clocking in at an astounding 19 million copies.  I write this only to point out that this album is not one that people all bought initially, but found lacking.  It could not continue to sell as it does if that was the case- bad word of mouth would have killed the sales- &quot;Let It Be&quot; sold an astounding amount when it was first released, but has not continued to do so- The White Album has, why?  <br />For one, it's interesting to note that although many people have said it would make a better single album, and make their selections to what the single album should contain- amazingly, they are all different selections- most do not agree on what the songs should have been, and that is the secret of the albums' success.  Every song appeals to someone-  and every song seems to repulse someone- but yet it continues to sell in astounding numbers.  One other reason may be the modern sound it conveys- none of the songs seem &quot;dated,&quot; as Pepper has suffered from.<br />There is something about the album- it has magic you can't put in words- you have to hear it for yourself- at first, you might be put off, but you'll go back and keep going back until you realize you've been back more times than you count- that's the magic.
0385504209|5.0|I love mysteries that are also thrillers. However, with this book, the mystery was secondary to me (I actually guessed the Teacher fairly early on :)...... all the interesting historical information was the intriguing part of the novel for me and led me to do additional exploration re Leonardo Da Vinci. I think I can safely say, this was one of the best books I have ever read!
0783225547|5.0|This is a movie that my whole family enjoys, except for one part that we &quot;fast forward&quot; through... that is the part where grandma gets eaten up by acid.
0142004235|5.0|This is without a doubt the BEST book I have ever read. Even if you are not a fan of classic American lit you will love this book.
6305657947|3.0|Hard to do a remake of a Steve McQueen movie, but Brosnan makes it work.  Watch out for some very unnecessary nudity though.  I might have given it 4 stars, except that the director or the studio felt the need to show naked breasts.  To bad.  The script and acting would have stood on their own and I believe that nudity and foul langauge limit the potential audience.<br />So 4 stars for adults and 2 stars for families makes a 3 star movie.
B000089RVX|5.0|I heard Bring Me To Life on the radio so checked out the CD on Amazon.com. I listened to the clips and it sounded good. I ordered it expecting one really good song and a few others that were okay. What I got was a GREAT album. I have had it in my car cd player for several weeks now. A coworker bought a copy for himself after hearing it in my car so many times.<br />The music is really well done and the words are very meaningful. If you like the song Bring Me To Life, you will love the entire album. Unlike most artists that release an album with only 1 or 2 songs that I like and then 8 or so songs that just suck, this album is great from start to finish.
6305842418|4.0|OK!  I love these &quot;cardboard&quot; characters and the special effects.  I love that Megs gravey should be a food group all its own.  My whole family loves this movie.
078062565X|5.0|This has to be the father of Scifi. Consider this movie was made in 1933. The stop motion animation of Willis O'Brien can not be better. To this day most people are amazed with the special effects, cast, sets, story, direction, and music. As one reviewer astutely wrote it is an incredible look at the lifes of common people of the 30s. Is it any wonder that it is a classic and usually rated in the top one hundred of all time SciFi favorite polls.<br />The only question is why isn't this incredible classic, that even the American Film Institute recognizes in a special on Heroes and Villains, isn't on DVD yet? This is one of those movies that can be watched time and time again and you never tire of it. You catch something new each time. I am always intently watching this movie, the parts where they are tracking Kong in the jungle is an unforgettable adventure and horror. If you haven't watched it in several months or even a year it is all the more entertaining when you see it again. When I think of those movies ahead of their time I always think of this and The Wizard of Oz.
B000092ZYX|5.0|Based on some early reviews, it seems that some MFs violated the #1 rule of a Radiohead listener ---never rate a song before hearing it free from t.v., spouse, work-like chatter and distraction.  If all the MF's who rated the record within the first few days have the time and the solitude to do so properly, they probably don't have much else in their lives.  This record is 9-out-of-10; 10 being OK Computer.  To ask a band to exceed that disc is just unfair.  However, tracks of this CD compare to OK's perfection (A Wolf at the Door; There there; 2 + 2 =5; to name just a few).  WORTH THE TIME AND MONEY!!!
B00005JLR2|5.0|How GREAT it must have been on the big screen!  I cannot believe I missed the chance to see it in the theaters!!  If I went once, I'm sure I'd have returned at least a 3rd or maybe even a 4th time.  It's THAT good!  Superb in every aspect: art, music, voice acting, action, humor, and yes, story.  I am a sucker for retelling of classics, and this one is extremely well done with a fantastic sci-fi twist.  Definitely one of Disney's and the overall-animation-genre's BESTs!
B00006CXXU|5.0|Christina Aguilera is the most underestimated and misunderstood singer in the industry. Her voice is unique, powerful and amazing and this album proves how great her talent is. I'm very impressed by her creativity and originality, \\"Stripped\\" is the best album I ever heard in my whole life. If she had no singing skills, this album would still get 5 stars because its songs are really incredible but the best thing is that she really has singing skills, she can sing like no other can. So what does that tell you? That maybe you were wrong when you thought that Christina Aguilera was just another \\"has been\\"... because she ain't going nowhere. This is just her second album and look at how much she improved. She's about to be a legend.
0060987464|4.0|Marilyn Manson, since his induction into stardom, has been critisized by countless people who claim he is the 'anti-christ.' No matter what your opinion about Manson is, this book sheds light into the more human side of Marilyin Manson - Brian Warner. It also shows the demons of addiction and the hardships we all go through to establish our position in life. This book would certainly be deserving of 5 stars because the reading material is so interesting, intelligent, and most of all, addicting. However, trasitions from chapter to chapter are very rocky. That, along with occasional gramatical errors, kinda left me lost at parts. Thats why I only rated it a 4. But over all, this is one of the best books I've ever read and I would certainly recomend it to anyone with an open mind. You won't be disapointed!
B00005A46T|1.0|this cd makes me nautious, because so many ppl like these guys and they are garbage....ppl dont know the roots of this, its not metal, is hardcore punk
0553381350|5.0|Tom Wolfe gives a brilliantly entertaining and inspirational book about one of the most colorful chapters in recent American history -- the years from the first supersonic piloted test flight up to the early Sixties, when astronauts completed the beginning of America's space program.  Wolfe writes about &#34;the right stuff--&#34; a blend of correct judgment, coolness, and the ability to get the job done no matter what the danger.  Wolfe rarely depends on technical stuff, so the book will appeal to those who know or care little about aviation or space, and there's little to deter the squeamish, either.  The author shows the period's bright side (the accomplishments in spite of the danger, the dopamine-flowing release after a job well-done, the intense exhilaration of it all) , and the dark side (the fears of the families, the tragic deaths from minor lapses in luck or judgment, the tedious egomania of many involved in the programs).<br />  This book epitomizes the bright and dark side of Wolfe's school of writing, too.  Above all, Wolfe can be as riveting and as entertaining as you'll find -- &#34;truth can be funnier than fiction.&#34; I have heard how Wolfe caught the essence of what someone wanted to say even better than the one who said it, and he sure puts you into the thick of the action.  The author gives a legitimate and interesting perspective.  Nevertheless, this style plays heavily on your emotions, with all the problems that can involve, and the book is not terribly objective -- a purely entertaining incident can assume more importance than it should.  Since Wolfe's storytelling style can blur the distinction between fact and conjecture, it &#34;stretches the envelope&#34; of truthtelling, so if another storyteller doesn't have basic integrity (and many authors and journalists regrettably do not), this style of writing can mislead or deceive.  Character development and depth are questionable; those who have &#34;the right stuff&#34; in the face of danger are portrayed as almost superhuman, and those who don't are made into buffoons (no matter how significant their contributions to the mission).  This &#34;tyranny of the cool&#34; can get a bit annoying after a while.<br />  In short, I think Wolfe's book gives a grand idea of the spirit of the times, and of life's entertainment value, but it is rightly considered a novel rather than history.  I easily gave it five stars because it is SUCH an inspirational and delightful read, but I would approach it with a bit of light-hearted skepticism.are portrayed as almost superhuman, and those who don't are made into buffoons (no matter how significant their contributions to the mission).  This &#34;tyranny of the cool&#34; can get a bit annoying after a while.<br />  In short, I think Wolfe's book gives a grand idea of the spirit of the times, and of life's entertainment value, but it is rightly considered a novel rather than history.  I easily gave it five stars because it is SUCH an inspirational and delightful read, but I would approach it with a bit of light-hearted skepticism.
B000063DFW|5.0|Linkin' Park is a great band. And if you love Linkin' Park you should get this cd. It is the best of Linkin' Park.
B00004X01U|1.0|I've been a fan of Madonna since the 80's, and loved Ray of Light.  This CD is really TERRIBLE!  It's one aimless electronica europop piece of [junk] after another.  One whole \\"song\\" is Madonna wailing over and over, \\"I love this guy\\", while some nerd runs up and down a synthesizer keyboard.  Who calls that music?  Not me.  Too bad.  I used to love her stuff.  She REALLY needs to move back to New York!
B00000K19E|5.0|I picked up this DVD after the hype involved with new second movie- matrix reloaded.  You must definately see the first Matrix before even attempting to see the sequel.  The matrix creates a different reality that is quite hard to follow if not viewed in order.<br />  The Matrix is a sci fi and action adventure movie that breaks the mold- it is beautifully shot, choreographed and filmed.  AT the time of its release, its camera shots were one of a kind and are frequently copied.<br />  The matrix stars Keanu Reeves-( i was never a fan of his until this movie.)  He does a brillant job of portraying a computer analyst who is a hacker at night and stumbles onto \\"the Matrix\\".  His guide into this new world is Morpheus- who is brillantly protrayed by lawrence fishburne.<br />  Unlike most films, the Matrix gets better after each viewing as the action is fast paced and there is a lot of intricacy and nuances that you pick up each time you view it.  It is a definite must purchase and is already a classic!
B000092ZYX|1.0|rotten album. yorks inane ramblings and over-used falsetto make virtually every song impossible to listen to. Not to mention the lack of any song structure or melody. york is full of himself. he now thinks that he can wine and croon over pre-programmed drum beats and we'll all beg for more. never again york.
B000002KY8|5.0|21 years after it's initial release, \\"1999\\" still sounds innovative and fresh. Perhaps because Prince broke every rule of pop songwriting, arranging and sound and made up his own set of rules. After dispensing with the two biggest hits on this album (the full-length title track and the pop masterpiece \\"Little Red Corvette\\")Prince delves into much deeper creative waters with the rockabilly influenced dance cut \\"Delirious\\" and the still daring \\"Let's Pretend We're Married\\" both of which are anchored by his brilliant programming of his trademark Linn Drum Machine (a constant sound on his next 2 albums)an innovation that ties the entire LP together. While many have argued that \\"1999\\" is not a double album, the truth is, it's lengthy, exploratory tracks and multilayered needed ample space to evolve and deepen (a perfect example being the 9 minute \\"Automatic\\")while rushing the songs and paring everything to 3 or 4 minute songs would have robbed the listener of the experience of hearing just how far Prince had traveled in just 5 albums. In other words, YES, this is a double-album, in the grandest sense of the term. \\"Something In The Water(Does Not Compute)\\" is one of the finest vocals Prince has ever laid down and climaxes with a chilling scream that most singers could never muster! \\"Lady Cab Driver\\" is notorious mostly for it's sex/spoken word interlude, but is a personal favorite of mine for it's tight,funky, jazz inflected arrangement, truly the apex of his one man band approach. The ballads on this LP are some of the sweetest sounding in the Prince cannon, especially \\"Free\\", an optimistic, hopeful song whose title and meaning needs no explanation. Not a note or word is wasted on \\"1999\\" and Prince and The Revolution would only get bigger and better from here. A Timeless Album.
B00008DDSC|4.0|Every once in a while a movie pops up that appears to be... well, a little bit out there. And 'Secretary' is definitely one of those movies. In fact, it's way, way out there. I'd be willing to bet there's a number of other movies like this that are readily available, but probably weren't as publicly observed as this one. I first took note of 'Secretary' when I saw the trailer for it on TV; though I opted to wait a while to rent it. It was certainly worth my time. The duo of Maggie Gyllenhaal and James Spader is probably the best interaction between two characters in a film I've ever seen. It's been said time and time again how well they light up the screen with their united acting abilities. Let it be known, it is no fluke. Don't be put off by the movie's apparent sexual prowess and provocative demeanor. When it's all said and done the movie becomes more of a romance than the sadomasochistic stomach-aggravator others make it out to be. It's an exceptionally good movie with watertight performances by Gyllenhaal and especially James Spader (a veteran at roles such as this; i.e. 'Sex, Lies, And Videotape').<br />People like to start by informing [you] that we first see Lee Holloway (Gyllenhaal) being released from a mental hospital. What they forgot to mention is that the very first scene shows Lee walking around a creepy, musty-looking office with a pole handcuffed over her shoulder and to her hands. THEN (six months earlier) we see Lee being released from a mental hospital. After that shocking opening scene the movie is rather straightforward; letting us know through thoughts and actions that Lee's family is the epitome of a dysfunctional family. A drunk father and an overly-protective, abused mother show us just why Lee has a problem with hurting herself. But as society and Lee would like to think, the whole mental hospital thing helped her. When she is debating whether or not to throw out her intriguingly hidden case filled with knives, needles, and ballet dancer dolls, Lee stumbles upon an ad in a paper for a secretary. We then see her crack a timely smile when typing a letter during a session of a typewriting class. So she heads to this office, wanders her way into its lobby and into a room in which E. Edward Grey (Spader) sits, starring complacently into the void. From the start, Edward is a vague and seemingly sinister man. He asks Lee a number of odd questions--that produce some puzzled responses--that you wouldn't normally hear on an interview, and hires her on the spot. Both characters seem to leer and look at one another in a way that is as bizarre as it is comfortable. In other words, it's very obvious they \\"like\\" each other. The work Lee does is tedious (\\"very dull\\", as Edward remarks); just typing and copying letters and whatnot. So tedious that it allows for Edward to watch over her every move. Like a perverted hawk he studies her movements and yells at her to fix her spelling mistakes. He pushes her, and she just keeps pushing back. Scene after scene you can feel Spader's character falling in love with Lee more and more. But it's not the kind of love you typically see; there's no kissing, no flirting, and hardly any talking. Just a lot of expressions. If you're not paying attention in the same manner Edward watches over Lee, you'll miss everything and the movie will go right over your head. You know all about the spanking that eventually occurs, I'm sure, but I'm glad to see no one made note of how that cultivates. That part is particularly amiable (choice word). From there it is a struggle for Lee to find common ground with Edward, as she feels so close to him that she can't take it (watching her try to smack herself in the butt with a hairbrush was one of the few comical bits of the movie). But Spader's temperament does not allow for him to give in that easily. He has a meticulously flawless plan for choosing \\"the one\\"; a plan that was clearly used on other commendable women before Lee. And after her, if she chooses to be non-submissive (the scheme she fails to understand). As a consequence, that is the whole point of the movie.<br />Again, 'Secretary' is not that strange of a movie when it's all said and done. It's just the endless actions and scenes that lead up to the climax that make it so different. It's amazing to see how well James Spader handles the role and how alluring Edward becomes over time. I don't like to question Oscar nominations and whatnot, but can honestly say his performance here is one of the greatest I have ever seen in a movie. Trust me, it's that good. And Maggie's disposition (believe it or not, she's a first-timer), although she's the main character, only compliments Spader and his stellar acting. It's so fun to see love being portrayed in such oddity. And it's even better to see how that altered love can heal a person. This movie is almost flawless, and the only part I didn't find fitting was during the ending (which I won't spoil). Watch 'Secretary' if what I have said intrigued you or made you keep reading till this point. By now you know what kind of person you are, and if you're this type of person (or at least can pretend to be), I highly recommend this. Be submissive.ooses to be non-submissive (the scheme she fails to understand). As a consequence, that is the whole point of the movie.<br />Again, 'Secretary' is not that strange of a movie when it's all said and done. It's just the endless actions and scenes that lead up to the climax that make it so different. It's amazing to see how well James Spader handles the role and how alluring Edward becomes over time. I don't like to question Oscar nominations and whatnot, but can honestly say his performance here is one of the greatest I have ever seen in a movie. Trust me, it's that good. And Maggie's disposition (believe it or not, she's a first-timer), although she's the main character, only compliments Spader and his stellar acting. It's so fun to see love being portrayed in such oddity. And it's even better to see how that altered love can heal a person. This movie is almost flawless, and the only part I didn't find fitting was during the ending (which I won't spoil). Watch 'Secretary' if what I have said intrigued you or made you keep reading till this point. By now you know what kind of person you are, and if you're this type of person (or at least can pretend to be), I highly recommend this. Be submissive.
B00005Q4CS|5.0|If you know anyone who is taking, thinking of using, or is experimenting with any sort of drug... show them this movie once and you can almost bet it will change their minds in a big hurry ! This has to be one of, if not the best, depiction of drug abuse ever to hit the screen. As mentioned by other viewers this movie follows the lives of four people and their struggle with addiction. What this film does so well is it demonstrates what people will do to themselves (as well as others) to satisfy a quick fix or obsession regardless of the consequences. Everything you can imagine from self humilation, (you will know what I mean when or if you watch this !) to self mutilation and simply watching several people going down hill faster than any roller coaster imagineable. I do not want to give too much away but I will say this. When I first started watching the film I thought to myself 'this is not too disturbing'. No sooner than I said that this film really switched gears ! Not to get too political but anyone who messes around with any of this garbage(drugs that is) is a fool and a gambler and this movie points that out and pulls no punches in doing so. Keep in mind this is not for the faint of heart but this film should be used as a 'scare tactic' (sort of like those drivers ed movies) to those claiming invincibility and the harmlessnes of drugs.
B000092T6M|3.0|I've always loved this movie and couldn't have waited more for the extended version of the DVD, but the filmakers made an inexcusable editing mistake in putting back in all this deleted footage.  Two of the major scenes they put back into Robin Hood had to do with the Sheriff of Nottingham cutting out his scribe's tongue, the first when he gets a knife to do it, and the second is a long scene in which the scribe has to write down every question now because he can't speak (because his tongue has been cut out!).  Fine, but then near the end of the movie, when Robin and Azeem are sword fighting their way into the castle, Robin grabs the scribe and puts his sword to his neck and asks him where the maid Marion is.  The scribe then VERBALLY responds &quot;Up the stairs, that way!&quot;  This final scene was in the original cut and stayed in the extended DVD version, but it makes no sense given the inclusion of the extended scenes in which the scribe's tongue was cut out!  This is an inexcuseably horrible editing mistake.  I listened to both the commentaries on the DVD to see if anybody noticed this problem or addressed it, and their is no comment about this.  Now come on guys, next time when you want to add more footage in, make sure it logically flows into the rest of the original movie! If anybody else out there has noticed this problem, please post your own message, so at least I know there's other fans out there who were disappointed with this like I was.  Despite this, however, the movie is still a great fun adventure.
B0000203Y5|3.0|If there's any disappointment with \\"Buena Vista Social Club,\\" it's that the film frequently gets in the way of its subject. We see enough of the Havana streets with their pre-Castro corroding American cars and of the dilapidated grand old architecture to want to see more. Are these images--a kind of \\"urban pastoral\\"--truly representative of the city, or have they been carefully selected for their ripe, romantic decadence? And we hear enough of the music to wish complete exposure if not immersion in its charms. How would it sound without interruptions--by either the intrusion of Wenders' hyperactive cinematic style or the musical presence of the Cooders (father and son)? But Wenders' perpetual-motion camera runs multiple gyres around each subject and edits at a equally frantic pace, obviously assuming the viewer would not sit still for a minute of music unenhanced by visual gymnastics (this must be the unsteadiest Sony \\"steadycam\\" ever to appear in a film). And if Cuba has indigenous guitarists and trap drummers, Cooder apparently was unable to locate them.<br />I came to this film after being captivated by the similar \\"Calle 54.\\" This too is a film that frequently calls attention to itself through busy editing and frequent camera movement. The difference, however, is that \\"Calle 54\\" approaches each performance with a primary regard for the music itself. Each musical number is complete, and there is never any doubt that a first priority is to capture the sound of the music with the fullest fidelity possible. As a consequence, the music itself takes up residence in the spectator's consciousness, complemented but not replaced by the accompanying images. \\"Buena Vista Social Club\\" is more about the covering of an event (the release of the Grammy-winning recording and its aftermath) than the event itself. The musicians and their music deserved better.
B00005JM03|3.0|\\"The Italian Job\\" is the most expensive commercial ever filmed, I would guess. If it doesn't make you want to trade in your SUV for a Mini Cooper, I don't know what would.<br />In between the ad portions for this car is a pretty good caper movie, a remake really of a British version of the same basic story, which starred Michael Caine, based on a double cross (by the Edward Norton character) plot.<br />The hijack scenes that were filmed in the Chinese Theater district of Hollywood are amazing as this area is always jammed with tourists. The logistics and planning necessary to pull these scenes off must have been almost insurmountable; yet they play out so naturally as to appear seamless.<br />\\"The Italian Job\\" is fun, sexy, noisy and fast paced. I can think of a lot worse ways to spend a couple of hours.
0553573403|2.0|I did not love A Game of Thrones, but by the time it ended, I felt like I needed to find out what more happened...So, I picked up the next book, and now I'm HOOKED!  HOw many books are going to be in this series?  I can't have another Wheel of TIme on my hands.  I hope it gets wrapped up, so I don't have to wonder for the rest of my life how it ends or wait for a new book every two or three years...
1563894696|4.0|This is a follow up to year one and tells the story of Batman, comissioner Gordon, and Harvy Dent as they try to track down a murderer(s) who is killing the local crime family. Also featuring a retelling of Two-face's origin. This book is good and has excellent suspense, but, Most of the panels have about three words in them, and that includes many single and double page spreads. The art is great but it's not very (dare I say) wordy. Instead of 360 page it could have been 200, maybe even 150. Despite that it is excellent and should be read
B000068OCS|5.0|OK, my title is a real strong statement, but I stand by it.  I can remember the first time I saw it, on a 13 inch TV, on PBS, as I was channel surfing.  I was at first, intrigued, then engrossed, finally, overwhelmed by this unbelievable look at the planet upon which we all live.<br />How did director Godfrey Reggio come up with this fantastic marriage of unbelievable photography and minimalist music by composer Philip Glass?  I don't know, but what a result!<br />This movie was ground-breaking in its design and execution.  Breathtaking, pioneering, and ultimately, very moving.  The words 'tour de force' were invented for this film.<br />Do you get the idea I liked this film?<br />I've been waiting, waiting and waiting for this film to be released on DVD, and my copy is coming to me as a birthday present!<br />BTW, I met a woman who worked on the film score of Reggio's latest film, and it was a real treat to get some insights into his character.<br />Highly highly recommended.
B00005QIPH|4.0|When I first got this Cd I was just a tad worried because of that first single &quot;Last Night&quot;, it was horrible. But I finally sat down and listened to the whole thing and I really got into the first song....very seventies-ish but I loved the bass and the guitar and his voice is quite intoxicating. I was pulled in further and further into The Strokes world and by the last song, I was begging for more. Its a great CD and I burn it for everyone I know.
0385509456|4.0|This novel brings the reader right into the world and thought process of the main character.  It reads less like a detective novel (to which the reviews seem to have tied it down with) and more as a character analysis of autism.  The pages fly by, not in an attempt to solve who-dunit, but to find out what will be said or done next.  An entire universe of logic unfolds that the adult mind has trouble understanding, and yet Mark Haddon has used his years of experience to bring forward a very memorable literary character.  I found the solution to the murder mystery slightly out of flow with the rest of the novel (as well as out of character) but it did not lessen my overall enjoyment.
B00009P1O2|5.0|I got this DVD yesterday. It is incredible. Finally they put the whole show on DVD.<BR>The sound is incredible, and of course the performances ara amazing. The band is in top form. You can see that the band and the crowd are having a  great time.<BR>The extras on the second disc are incredible. There are interviews with the band, footage from the show on Friday, documentary on how the shows were put together. You are also able to choose a band member from a list and then see about four to five songs with the camera focused just on him.<BR>It is definitely the best DVD I own.<BR>I highly recomend it.
B00005JLRT|4.0|Ah, the latest in the Star Trek saga. <br />But anyone who knows Star Trek will notice something interesting. This particular movie has a feel similar to a previous Star Trek movie. To me, while the plot line is strong, and using the Romulans for the first time since we met the Borg, it feels a lot like the Wrath of Khan. <br />Still a good movie. I recommend it.
B000006OBQ|5.0|This a must have cd in anyones collection! If I were stuck on a dessert island I would have to have this in the bag! Its wonderfully done Bravo Bravo!
B00005JL3A|4.0|I never played the video game but I still enjoyed this feature.  If you are averse to heavy doses of blood (dogs with skin gone - you get the picture), this is not for you.  I enjoyed the story and it was quite a thrill ride.  In this day and age of corporate greed and coruption, the story fit in nicely.  We don't want those corporations getting out of control, do we?  Last warning - like Blade and Blade II - lots of gore.
B00003CXZ1|5.0|Oddly enough, if I were writing reviews when I first went and saw this film at the theater when it was first released, I probably would've given it only a three or four star review and slightly panned it, especially since the producers felt it necessary to \\"overly endow\\" Angelina Jolie.  There are times in the movie where one might get the impression she may get \\"knocked\\" out.  <br />Not unlike other films though, this one kind of grows on you and can be appreciated for what it is, a great action film couched a reasonably well thought out plot.  One of the most important aspects to the success or lack thereof in this film was the leading role of Lara Croft.  The decision to cast the ever beautiful Angelina Jolie was right on target.  I can honestly say that I don't think I've ever watched any of her previous movies, but I can say that she performs quite exceptionally in the role of the female \\"Indiana Jones/James Bond\\" type superhero.  The fact that she spent several months preparing for this film and performed the majority of the stunts makes this movie that much more appreciable, especially considering the effort she put into it.  Her reactions, facial movements and overall style of acting certainly adds a good \\"flavor\\" to the movie as well.<br />Of particular note is the style in which this film was produced.  Given that it is based on a video game and previous efforts to project video games onto the silver screen have come off as \\"campy\\" and lame, the producers made an outstanding decision to put this film in a \\"serious\\" light, with a mostly workable plot.  Given that I've only had a passing familiarity with the video games themselves, I don't really wish to comment on that particular aspect.<br />Of the many great action films I've watched over the years, I'd rate this one pretty high as it definitely exceeds expectations and leaves you wishing for more, which brings to mind the pending release of the second Tomb Raider movie.  Hopefully this movie will stand up to or exceed the popularity of this first Tomb Raider film!<br />The premise:<br />Angelina Jolie as Lara Croft, Tomb Raider performs exceptionally well; from A to Z she immersed herself in this role, including an extremely believable British accent.  The film begins with a great main title and opening sequence where Lara Croft if \\"battling\\" Simon, a machine that is well bent towards killing her.  This of course, is but the first of many outstanding action sequences for the Tomb Raider.<br />From there we're brought into the real plot which is Lara Croft, prompted by dreams and letters from the grave starts to piece together clues about her missing and presumed dead, father.  This brings her into the hunt for an ancient and powerful device while at the same time dealing with another person who is seeking this device for not so altruistic purposes.<br />I highly recommend this film to any and all that are fans of great action sequences/films that \\"actually\\" contain a reasonably decent plot.  {ssintrepid}<br />Special Features:<br />This one is definitely full of some great Special Features that are definitely worth the time to explore.<br />Digging Into Tomb Raider<BR>Crafting Lara Croft<BR>The Stunts of Tomb Raider<BR>Visual Effects of Tomb Raider<BR>Are you Game?<BR>Commentary by Director Simon West<BR>4 Deleted Scenes<BR>Alternate Main Title Sequences<BR>U2 Music Video, \\"Elevation\\" Tomb Raider Mix<br />DVD-ROM Features<BR>Tomb Raider Timeline<BR>Tomb Raider Chronicles Game Demo<BR>Web Site Archive<br />Access To the Online Experience
B00008NRI8|3.0|If you have an evening to waste, this might be the way to pass the time.  Hugh Grant is what he always is - bumbling and stumbling through life as a corporate leader who bumps head with an environmentally-conscious lawyer (Sandra Bullock).  You see the end before you even open the DVD!  This movie is not disagreeable - it didn't turn me off - but maybe it's just too agreeable.  Nothing to make you think - just a simple romantic comedy.  Very simple.
B00007ELEL|5.0|I would pick the Big Lebowski. Granted, It's not comedy for everyone, some people somewhere out there have to like Rob Schneider's comedy right? Thankfully I don't have to hang out with any those people and thankfully movies that are intelligent, dark, and hilarious like the Big Lebowski get made. I'm not going to summarize the plot, people here have done good enough job of that, what I will do is tell you this movie is hilarious and give a short list of the type of comedies I'm fond of to help gauge where you would stand if you watched this movie. I like Billy Madison, Baseketballs, Very Bad Things, Eddie Murphy Delirous, Clerks. If you liked those you are most likely intelligent and would probably like this movie. It's at least worth your time to watch.
B00006690G|5.0|Oh gosh, this is a fun CD. The song is mixed with so so many different songs such as: humorous songs, sometimes even really nasty songs, or even songs that touch you, or serious songs. \\"Hailie's song\\", Em sings the refrain. He's a good singer,too.The song's about how bad he thinks his life is,but then he thinks about his daughter, Hailie, and she brightens up his life. But then there's songs like \\"Drips\\" that are totally nasty, but very hilarious. This guy has sex with a ho and gets AIDS from it. \\"Sing For The Moment\\"is a great song. Aerosmith sounds great with Em. \\"Without Me\\" is also a great song. Em sounds really cool on this song, but most people think he sounds annoying. \\"Superman\\" is an awesome song.It's about how hos try to take advantage of Em, and he pushes them out of his life. \\"My Dad's Gone Crazy\\" is a cute song because Hailie's on it and she sounds very cute. All the songs on this CD are great. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS CD TO EVERYONE.
B000002H4Q|5.0|Our running gag on the Cure is that everytime we hear a Cure song, we just run to a closet nearby and we dance and sing in it. Just like they did in one of their old video (can't remember which one).<br />Okay this album is never left in my closet and is by far my favorite in my Cure collection. What I like the most about the Cure is all the funny sounds Robert Smith does with his guitar (the king of guitar pedals). This is layered music and I admit, it's my favorite. Their music is just amazing, they explore a multitude of genres in their own and unique way.<br />My favorite song is \\"All I want\\", I just love the way he's howling his animal needs using the \\"I want\\" not as a selfish order but as gracious supplication (ready to RECEIVE something). I always compare this song to \\"Closer\\" from Nine Inch Nails. It's the same subject but not said the same way. Even if I like the song, I find the lyrics of \\"Closure\\" are ungraceful and ugly (ready to GET something).<br />You want to try something cool. Get a Discman, your Cure CD, then go sit outside when the wind blows violently and listen \\"The kiss\\" song. So cool, it fits with the wind. <br />A must buy.
B00004T9UF|5.0|First, I wanted to say Em is dead sexy and is so coool. Anyways,this is an awesome CD. The songs are awesome and I think that he really opens up his mind and says what he thinks and his opinion. Em opens up his mind on this CD more than any other CD. He has a lot guts to say what he does on this CD. Like on the song \\"Kim\\",He opens up what he thinks about her. And he really hates her,according to the song. But on every song he really opens up weather the song is humorous or serious. Sometimes I think my life is really hard but I find comfort listening to this CD because Em has had a hard life too and its like he knows how I feel. The best songs are:THE REAL SLIM SHADY, STAN, KIM, CRIMINAL,AND MARSHALL MATHERS.Of course,though all the songs are great.
B000050XEI|5.0|Whenever I am down or feel lonely or sad, I listen to a day without rain and I feel brand new.  This cd is worth buying; in fact every household should have a copy.  I am now curious to know more about Enya.  She sings with so much feelings...it is very profound and moves you emotionally.  She's now my favorite artist.
0807029181|5.0|Read the other lengthy reviews for detail.
B000002C4C|5.0|There is only one or two songs on this CD that you MIGHT skip when listening.  This is really Mariah's transitional CD where she opened up herself and changed a bit in her style. Definatly worth the purchase for anyone, not just for Mariah fans.
B0000029GA|5.0|Nas' Illmatic is just that illmatic.  This is on the best records of all time.  Plus it so awesome to just sit back chill and listen to during the summer.
B00006L83N|4.0|I've been familiar with Symphony X for several years. The Divine Wings of Tragedy had some great moments but I never fell in love with it like many have. I couldn't get into Twilight in Olympus at all. V, while being my favorite up to that point, still lacked something. The Oddyssey has what the others lacked.<br />It's everything one would expect from Symphony X with a lot more. Russell Allen's vocals have gone from above average to superb. Listen to the aggression he puts into tracks like &quot;Inferno&quot; &amp; &quot;King of Terrors&quot;. Conversly, listen to the longing of &quot;Awakenings&quot; &amp; &quot;Accolade II&quot; or the sensitivity and reflection in parts of the epic &quot;The Oddyssey&quot;. His range of emotion and style is this album's highlight.<br />The guitar parts are also improved. They maintain the familiar rhythm guitar crunch but the leads are wilder and rawer. Michael Romeo really cuts loose on this one. The keys are effective, not overpowering but present and with new twists. The bass and drums are brought out more and give the music more of that illusive Ummph!<br />Let's discuss songwriting. Sym X has always had the chops but in the past the music has stayed to a tried and true formula (for them, it is a unique formula). This formula is the foundation for the music but they take more chances. There's some beautiful solo piano parts and other light atmospherics that wouldn't have been on previous albums (even the slower songs were &quot;busy&quot;). <br />And then there's the 24 minute &quot;The Oddyssey&quot;. I didn't think they could do a great epic but I was wrong. Beginning with an orchestrical intro (done on MIDI I believe) that blends perfectly with the guitars that is followed by the story of Oddysses journey. The music reflects the various moods perfectly, going from contemplative and melancholy to dramatic and powerful effectively and seemlessly. The ending is grandiose but not overly so. Just like any Greek epic should be.One weird thing though, the song seems longer than 24 minutes. Usually in a great epic song 10 minutes can pass in what seems like an instant. In this one, I think I'm halfway through and the CD player reads 5:00. Don't know what it means and I still love it.<br />In conclusion, this is Symphony X at its best. I debated 4 stars or 5 and I decided on 4. That's because its not perfect, sometimes the more interesting parts of the music are overtaken by the Sym X formula. But 4 (really 4.5) stars is great and to fans of heavy metal or rock with an artistic edge I highly recommend it.<br />Thanks for reading.
0316666343|5.0|I am 23 years old, and the last time I was this moved by a book, it was Pat Conroy's The Prince of Tides (I was 14 at the time). This book shocked and touched me in ways I have never experienced. From the gruesome death of the main character (something so vivid and real that I have feared it myself from time to time) to the fresh, hopeful portrayal of the afterlife (sans any religious specifications) and the heartbreaking aftermath of the family - I found myself laughing and crying. The characters are amazingly drawn, and I felt I knew each of them on an intimate level. I especially was drawn to the father -his scenes in the book were perhaps the ones that touched me the most. This book is different, frightening, funny, and beautiful all at once. Please pick it up!
B00006F83Y|3.0|Stoner-Smart, Intelli-Rock, Groovy and Hooky. Can't say many bad things about this record... 'cept I can't help but notice these guys sometimes sound like priviledged rich kids. They're sarcasm and irony (ala other Grohl projects) makes me long for Brainy, Ballsy Contagious, Evil, Nothing to Lose music.  (Lesser known American Bands who have achieved Cult / Euro Status - \\"Hollywood Superstars - Let It Shine\\" for example is a similarly challenging and far superior concept CD).<BR>Thanks guys for keeping it real.  Stay Hungry.
0452282152|5.0|I quickly found myself absorbed into 17th century Holland.  The story is about a young girl named Griet who went to work for the master artist Vermeer.  We doubt that the girl was a real person, but it seems to be entirely plausible.  <br />Tracy Chevalier's writing is tangible, colorful, expressive.  The explanations of how a great artist must have painted were fascinating.<br />I was sad to finish this book.  I wanted the experience to continue!  This is one of the few books that I would read again.
B00006F83Y|3.0|Stoner-Smart, Intelli-Rock, Groovy and Hooky. Can't say many bad things about this record... 'cept I can't help but notice these guys sometimes sound like priviledged rich kids. They're sarcasm and irony (ala other Grohl projects) makes me long for Brainy, Ballsy Contagious, Evil, Nothing to Lose music.  (Lesser known American Bands who have achieved Cult / Euro Status - \\"Hollywood Superstars - Let It Shine\\" for example is a similarly challenging and far superior concept CD).<BR>Thanks guys for keeping it real.  Stay Hungry.
0553213105|5.0|Of all of Austen's novels, and I've read them all, Pride and Prejudice stands out to me as the most dynamic. The characters are richly developed and the plot woven skillfully in and out of the quirks of society. This book can be boring and tedious to read if you let it, but with a little imagination and an enjoyment of the language it can take flight and transform. I have read the book five or six times and studied it in an English analysis class, and each time I find something new to discover and relish in Austen's witty commentary. Read it once for the plot, then read it again for the social critisism, and it will blow you away!
B00005YW4H|3.0|Having been coronated queen of the 2003 Grammies, Norah Jones has quite a challenge ahead to repeat her success with &quot;Come Away with Me.&quot; As a freshman effort it shows promise, but does it truly deserve the accolades?<br />An eclectic blend of traditional jazz, pop, folk, and country, &quot;Come Away with Me&quot; features the type of sound found on those out-of-the-way, penturbian FM stations. You know the ones - DJ comes on at 11 PM and has a voice lower and softer than Barry White. Before you can say &quot;Night Sounds&quot; every stressed muscle and every pinched nerve suddenly relaxes. How nice it is to hear an artist taking the mellow road, but this is clearly not an album for someone driving alone at three in the morning.<br />Sounding like a disparate mix of Rickie Lee Jones, Karen Carpenter, and Sarah Brightman, Norah Jones picks up her musicianship from dad Ravi Shankar, but mines a wholly different genre. The two tracks that stand out here, the quasi-torch song &quot;Come Away with Me&quot; and Hank Williams' &quot;Cold, Cold Heart&quot; are oddly alike, Jones' pretty, airy voice lending both much the same treatment. I suspect contemporary Diana Krall would have done more to differentiate the tracks. This is not to say that there is nothing satisfying here, only that there needs to be more of it and in more diverse interpretations.<br />And that is the critical issue with this collection. While Jones' approach to the softer side of music is commendable in this age of overproduced, throwaway music for fifteen year olds, it has little of the spark that made her predecessors - think Rosemary Clooney or even Dionne Warwick here - stand out. There is no doubt that Jones has talent, but it is too early in her career to see the kind of maturity needed to call her the next big thing. LeAnne Rimes made her teen name doing an eerie Patsy Cline, but despite Rimes' tender age, Jones sings even younger than her early twenties years accord. It will be a long road for Jones and I suspect all the early acclaim garnered from &quot;Come Away with Me&quot; will ultimately be a millstone around her neck, especially if the next album fails to swing with the &quot;big girls.&quot;<br />In the end, the best thing going for &quot;Come Away with Me&quot; is its differentness in a sea of homogenized music. That it, too, is somewhat bland only makes us crave something more.road for Jones and I suspect all the early acclaim garnered from &quot;Come Away with Me&quot; will ultimately be a millstone around her neck, especially if the next album fails to swing with the &quot;big girls.&quot;<br />In the end, the best thing going for &quot;Come Away with Me&quot; is its differentness in a sea of homogenized music. That it, too, is somewhat bland only makes us crave something more.
B0000714BP|5.0|my mom and I can not get enough out of this movie....it was a well done movie with three great actors...it's great when you can have a movie and laugh at the same parts over and over again, and laughing as if it were your first time watching it...it's just a great movie
0805062971|4.0|I'm one of those people who watched the movie, loved the movie and decided to pick up the book, hoping I would fall in love with it. I didn't fall in love with the book as much as I did with the movie. I would say that the book and movie both complement each other. There are parts in the book that help explain and shed light on parts in the movie and vice versa.<br />The book was easy to read, (and maybe because I already had an idea of what was going to happen) it just kept me wanting to read and read to find out what was going to happen next. The book is full of &quot;quotes&quot; and ideas that make you think about the consumer industry. There were also some scenes in the book that I wish made it into the movie (ie, &quot;Marla's collagen fund&quot;) and a few other differences in the book compared to the movie. <br />It would be hard to recommend this book to anyone. I would say to read this book if you plan to watch the movie or if you have watched the movie. The book is a good supplement to the movie and vice versa. All I can say is, don't read it if you're in the mood for something to cheer you up and if you are offended by violent material (even though it's not supposed to be taken seriously: satire, people!). It's a book of cynicism, violence, mischief, mayhem and soap. But I personally wouldn't mind reading it again.
B00006IU73|5.0|I read about this band in a great article in Keyboard Magazine on the resurgence of progressive rock. Checked them out here at Amazon, read the customer reviews, and took the leap. This is a classic prog-rock album at a great price for a new release -- they are one of the best bands we've never heard of -- but I hope that this will change. Musicianship of this quality deserves more attention; I just regret finding them so late.
0783114893|5.0|This is my favorite Rutger Hauer movie.  His persona fits this role perfectly.  With a good supporting cast, a well-written screenplay and an excellent musical score, Hauer drives his audience along the twisted path of a psychotic hitch-hiker who kills just about anyone who is unfortunate enough to meet him.<br />C. Thomas Howell plays a young man by the name of Jim Halsey, who is delivering a car to a customer in San Diego.  As he travels across a lonely West Texas highway at nite, he's having trouble keeping awake and nearly runs afoul of a big-rig.  When he catches a glimpse of a rain-soaked hitch-hiker (Rutger Hauer) standing on the shoulder, he stops to pick him up, against his better judgement, figuring the man's company would keep him awake.<br />Halsey tries to strike up a conversation with the hitcher, but the hitcher only gives him a terse and twisted tale about being out of gas and needing cigarettes.  The hitcher begins to play a psychological game of words with Halsey that quickly turns into a life-threatening situation.  A quick-thinking Halsey pushes the hitcher out of the moving car and speeds away, thinking that's the last he'll see of him. The hitcher seems impressed(!!!) by Halsey's escape; apparently no one else has been so lucky.  The hitcher begins to pursue Halsey with a mindless obsession that leaves dead bodies and destruction all around them.<br />The hitcher is a master of manipulation in this film.  I really liked the ending, although, if the storyline is followed accurately, it doesn't allow for a sequel with Rutger Hauer, who absolutely is the shining star of this movie.  I would love to see him play this part again- it truly is his calling.  As a previous Amazon reviewer noted, he doesn't have to speak a word for you to know what he is thinking and contemplating as the role of The Hitcher.  His body language and facial expressions tell you all you need to know.  I think this entire movie could have been done without a single line of dialogue from the hitcher and been just as effective.<br />Rutger is waaaay cool, the movie is awesome and it should be part of your collection if you dont have it yet. A DVD must!
0553502271|4.0|This setting wasn't the typical Grisham since the furthest South he made it was Maryland's bay shore.  He does include the exotic setting by taking us to the Brazilian wetlands.  As usual, Grisham's character development was right on target...he created characters I couldn't stand and others who I would love to spend an afternoon chatting with.  There is a little legal maneuvering, mostly contractual and corporate wrangling in nature but not enough to bore people who aren't interested in the legal side of things.  The ending was good and left me feeling satisfied.  Recommended reading even if you aren't a Grisham fan.
B000001FFJ|5.0|This is a great Waits disc from start to stop-- favorite tracks include Jockey Full of Bourbon, Blind Love and especially Anywhere I Lay My Head. Really worth the purchase; highly, highly recommended.
B00009V7P8|5.0|After moving to Tuscany from the outskirts of Dublin, Damien Rice wandered around Europe then returned to Dublin with one of the more brilliant collections of uniquely soulful songs I have ever heard.<br />For me it's the rare chance to sit back on the first listen (and every subsequent listen) and realize that the *entire* CD from a *new* artist is truly great.  <br />It's been a few weeks......and I can't stop listening, flying, and dreaming.......
B000092ZYY|5.0|Absolutely brilliant! Radiohead never ceases to amaze me... I think this is some of Radiohead's best stuff. A nice blend of their old and new stuff, while also continuing to explore new territories. Radiohead progresses with each album, and I think that's rare in the rock world today...<br />Every track is great, and its hard to narrow it down to just a couple favorites. I guess the ones that stand out to me are Sail to the Moon, Go to Sleep, Myxamatosis, and Wolf at the Door. And <BR>it's even harder to find the words to describe what a beautiful album this is. Radiohead has yet to disappoint me since &quot;The Bends&quot;. Whether you're an old fan or a new fan, you will love this album!<br />By the way, I got the Limited Edition, which is kinda cool I guess, with the poster and the weird packaging, but I was a little disappointed that it doesnt come with a bonus CD or DVD or anything like that. If you get this copy, BE CAREFUL if you want to take the poster out, I accidentally ripped mine.
B00005JLK1|3.0|When I first heard about the movie \\"Ghost Ship,\\" I figured that it was going to be just another one of the cookie-cutter horror films that will have the typical jumps and gore, but not much else. While I wasn't totally wrong, I have to say that this film really did hold my attention even though most of it was predictable.<br />I loved the way the opening credits were presented to the audience. It totally didn't seem like a horror movie at all at first glance. Then the bad things start to happen. We, the audience, are witness to one of the most grisly murder sequences I have ever seen in a horror film. Believe me, you will never view a wire the same.<br />The story revolves around a luxury ship, the Antonia Graza, that mysteriously disappeared in 1962 while at sea. It has magically reappeared in the Bering Strait and a salvage crew, headed by Gabriel Byrne and Julianna Margulies, discover it and try to tow it back to civilization. The salvage crew is then haunted by the ghosts of the ship's victims. With the help of one ghost, Katie, a little girl who was killed on the ship, the crew learns why all of the murders took place and ultimately the murderer's identity.<br />Yes, there are the obligatory jumpy scares in this film, but I would recommend it to people who love a good scare. Some of the scenes and occurrences are rather predictable, but that's what makes this movie fun. Even if you're a horror movie buff, you'll get some sort of enjoyment from this movie. Check it out!
B00003CX95|5.0|This is one of my all-time favorite movies.  'Movie' is the key word, not documentary.  It was never intended to be 100% factual, so all you historians looking for such can go read another book.  For everyone else who wants to see a fantastic movie that is based on a factual event, look no further.  EVERYONE I know liked it, and you likely will, too.
0553502271|4.0|This setting wasn't the typical Grisham since the furthest South he made it was Maryland's bay shore.  He does include the exotic setting by taking us to the Brazilian wetlands.  As usual, Grisham's character development was right on target...he created characters I couldn't stand and others who I would love to spend an afternoon chatting with.  There is a little legal maneuvering, mostly contractual and corporate wrangling in nature but not enough to bore people who aren't interested in the legal side of things.  The ending was good and left me feeling satisfied.  Recommended reading even if you aren't a Grisham fan.
B000092Q4U|5.0|Yes, yes, yes. These guys make me proud to be from Virginia, and with the title of the song &quot;in defense of our good name&quot; that says it all. This album is really good. Just like all the previous reviews said, this album is a mixture of many types of extreme metal. Every song is good. The musicianship is fantastic and the vocals and lyrics are great. I would have to say it is not as good as their debut record but it is as brutal and devistating. HAIL VIRGINIA!
B000062XGJ|4.0|Arnold Schwarzenegger is good at this sci-fi action thing, isn't he. Terminator, Terminator 2, and Predator!! Predator is very well done, and nicely directed. With good acting, a good plot, and kick-butt action, how could it get any better? But wait, I gave it a four stars, and not a five. Why? Because it needs that little magic, that little something that made Terminator 2, and the Matrix five stars. I don't know what that little something is, but it needs it.<br />Predator is kind of like the ground vesion of Alien, but with a lot more action. Schwarzenegger and his men go into a latin-americian jungle to \\"rescue\\" some men. But that was a BS story fed to Arnold so he would go in there. It was really to stop a major invasion. But they meet a little problem on the way to the chopper. Some alien who likes to collect human skulls. So this alien kills Schwarzenegger's men, one by one, in cool action scenes, until all the men are dead except for Schwarzenegger. So Arnold thinks up this plan to kill the alien, the ending fight between the \\"Predator\\" and Arnold is cool, but I won't give it away. The fight scene were Arnold and his men attacks the village, is very cool. All in all, it is a cool sci-fi action/thriller, that deserves the four stars, but it need something more.
B000092ZYY|5.0|Absolutely brilliant! Radiohead never ceases to amaze me... I think this is some of Radiohead's best stuff. A nice blend of their old and new stuff, while also continuing to explore new territories. Radiohead progresses with each album, and I think that's rare in the rock world today...<br />Every track is great, and its hard to narrow it down to just a couple favorites. I guess the ones that stand out to me are Sail to the Moon, Go to Sleep, Myxamatosis, and Wolf at the Door. And <BR>it's even harder to find the words to describe what a beautiful album this is. Radiohead has yet to disappoint me since &quot;The Bends&quot;. Whether you're an old fan or a new fan, you will love this album!<br />By the way, I got the Limited Edition, which is kinda cool I guess, with the poster and the weird packaging, but I was a little disappointed that it doesnt come with a bonus CD or DVD or anything like that. If you get this copy, BE CAREFUL if you want to take the poster out, I accidentally ripped mine.
0385504209|4.0|definatley something worth reading. i enjoyed it very much!!
B000002UJQ|5.0|While I find some of the reviews claiming this album changed the reviewer's life a little over-the-top, I must say it is one of my favorite records of the 1990's and should not be missed by any music fan. Coming on the heels of RH's fairly impressive 1995 offering THE BENDS, OK COMPUTER moves beyond typical brit-pop territory and combines guitar rock with studio sounds, generally producing an impressive variety of music.<br />The highlights of the record are numerous. &quot;Airbag&quot; was an instant favorite of mine on the first listen, almost giving me the feeling of being transported into the future. &quot;Paranoid Android&quot; is well-known and deserving of its praise. Softer songs like &quot;Let Down&quot; and &quot;The Tourist&quot; are so melodic and well played that I simply cannot get enough of them, even as a hard rock / metal fan. The single filler track here, &quot;Fitter Happier,&quot; features the voice off one of those mid-90s Macintosh computers reading a statement that sounds like a yuppie reporting on an improvement in their life. It may fit in conceptually, but is certainly not a track I listen to.<br />Personally, I find a few of the tracks, namely &quot;Exit Music (For a Film)&quot; and &quot;Lucky,&quot; to be a tad overrated, but all in all, this is a wonderful record from a talented band. This seems to be the high point in their career where they were ambitious enough to create music that is not repetitive and mainstream, but not self-indulgent enough to put out a record of beeps and blips as they later did (not that KID A was bad, it just takes a lot of getting used to).<br />Bottom line: at a point in time where a band as talented as Radiohead has a new single (&quot;There There&quot;) that is being largely ignored by rock radio stations in favor of garbage like Evanescence and The Ataris, it's a great time to look back to previous releases for your music needs, and this is certainly a good record to pick up. Radiohead is up there with Tool and Alice in Chains as one of the best bands of the 1990's, and seeing as OK COMPUTER is probably their best work, I can't recommend it highly enough.<br />4.9 stars
B00006CXXU|5.0|Stripped is by far the best album i have every listened to.  The album combines a unique blend of r&b, rock, soul, and hip-hop.  The result is absolutly amazing.  Christina's voice is stunning...one of the best.  I suggest that you go out and buy this album asap...you will by extremely pleased with your purchase!
B00009APK1|5.0|Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers measures up to all the expectations most viewers wanted. After a great movie like Fellowship of the Ring, The Two Towers had high expectations, not only by me, I imagine. Almost everything about this movie is great. The battle scences, the heros, the setting of where it takes place all fits in wonderfully. It is one of the best movies I've ever seen. The only sequel I can think of that measures up to The Two Towers is The Matrix Reloaded.<br />We start up in The Two Towers seeing a scene from the middle of Fellowship. Gandalf's legendary battle with the Balrog. Except this time, we see more of it. We see Gandalf fall, catch his sword while he is falling, and we see him fight the Balrog while they are both falling. So at the start of the movie we know, Gandalf has NOT fallen to his death. He falls with the Balrog as they both fight valiantly. We see how Sam and Frodo are doing, traveling to Mordor, and they pick up a new guest, to travel with them, Gollum. Gollum helps them and leads them through the Dead Marshes, and he says he knows of a secret way into Mordor, but will Gollum actually lead them there, or leave them to die? We also see how Pippin and Merry are, which isn't to well. The got captured in Fellowship of the Ring, by the Uruk-Hai. They are still being held captive, heading to Isengaurd at a terribly fast pace. Aragorn, Legoles, and Gimli chase after the Uruk-Hai in the fields of Rohan, until the meet Eomer, a soldier of Rohan. Aragorn asks if he as seen the two hobbits, but Eomer and his group slayed the Uruk-Hai that was carrying Pippin and Merry. Fortunatly, they escaped the battle and head into the Fangorn Forest. Aragorn, Legoles, and Gimli were given horses. They went to the battle site, found the tracks and went into the Fangorn, where they meet Gandalf. The four of them go to see Theoden, the king of Rohan. Theoden leads his people to the stronghold of Helms Deep. There they are attacked by 10,000 Uruk-Hai. The battle of Helms Deep is one of the coolest battles I have seen in my life. It is the sweetest thing. Peter Jackson did this so well. The whole movie itself is very well done, and very cool. Peter Jackson, thank you.attle of Helms Deep is one of the coolest battles I have seen in my life. It is the sweetest thing. Peter Jackson did this so well. The whole movie itself is very well done, and very cool. Peter Jackson, thank you.
B00008H2LB|4.0|When Linkin Park debuted with their debut \\"Hybrid Theory\\" their was nothing I found more annoying. But, \\"Meteora\\" seems much more mature. \\"Hybrid Theory\\" was an effort created by the music industry created to make kids think they are listening to metal but, they are really listening to pop. \\"MEteora is a lot different. Linkin Park is a lot more hardcore, their rapping is less cheesy, and they are not concentrating on being \\"cool.\\"<br />   Linkin Park still has not reached their full potential. They could still be better. But, when Linkin Park hits their potential THEY WILL BE THE NEW ZEPPELIN!
B000002HPT|4.0|Some fans dislike this album because of its commercial overtones.  It does have somewhat of an early 90s radio metal vibe and is a departure from the band's direction on Awake, which is a great album.  I love this recording as much as any of the other releases.  John Petrucci never sounded better and plays many memorable solos, unlike on subsequent releases full of forgetful fast-paced flurries of notes.  This is the last great DT recording.  The arrival of Jordan Rudess-while a virtuso-seemingly sucked the life out of the band.  The CD is intermixed with Dream Theater's staple epic songs and more conventional tunes.  Despite the criticism of some fans, the feel and songwriting of this CD is somewhat characteristic of the melodic pop-metal overtones of Images and Words--a classic.
B00008DDXB|5.0|Swish and flick--reviewus commencius!  OK, so I've done the theatrical release review a day after its debut.  What's the point of doing the video version, apart from the fact it popped up in my Amazon recommendations?  Maybe it's the fact that I've seen this so many times after it came out on video.<br />Those who have read the book already know the plot of the movie, but for those who haven't, here goes.  In his second year at Hogwarts, Harry hears an ominous voice speaking of blood and killing only audible to him.  Ms. Norris, caretaker Argus Filch's cat, is found petrified.  Colin Greevey, a first-year student and a bug-eyed admirer of Harry, suffers the same fate, as do others.  A blood-scrawled message reads:  \\"The Chamber of Secrets has been opened.  Enemies of the heir beware.\\"<br />There's also a new teacher of Dark Arts, Gilderoy Lockhart, a handsome but vain self-promoter whose books are required textbooks for his class.  And as for his classroom competence--don't ask!<br />The continuing antagonism between Harry and his nemesis Draco Malfoy is ratcheted up a notch, as Malfoy becomes Slytherin's Quidditch Seeker.  However, pal Ron Weasley's unassertive personality basically has him as a follower of Harry and Hermione.  And Hermione more than ever proves to be a valuable linchpin of support via magical knowhow.  The friendship between the three become tighter, as does their rapport with Rubeus Hagrid, the giant gamekeeper, especially when Draco hurts Hermione's feelings by calling her a derogatory word.<br />The four main young actors, Daniel Radcliffe (Harry), Rupert Grint (Ron), Emma Watson (Hermione), and Tom Felton (Draco) all show signs of that critical transition of adolescence, that dynamic increase in height and deepening of voices (for the males anyway).  All though have made the characters their own without altering Rowling's book.  Radcliffe in particular is more confident than ever without losing that enthusiastic smile. Emma Watson once again takes top honours as Hermione, prettier and more self-assured than ever.  Tip to Warner Bros:  treat her like royalty and pay her whatever she wants--she's invaluable.<br />Themes in this movie (and the book) include some Nazi overtones of pure-blooded wizards being superior than Muggle-born (those born of non-magical families).  And the Minister of Magic's reactions against pro-pure blood wizard Lucius Malfoy's machinations is reminiscent of Neville Chamberlain appeasing Hitler at Munich.<br />Of the adult actors, Richard Harris-(R.I.P.) (Dumbledore) and Robbie Coltrane (Hagrid) still shine as the supportive providers, but Jason Isaacs steals the show, portraying Lucius Malfoy as a menacing force to be reckoned with, complete in flowing blonde hair, black robes and snakehead cane.  Kenneth Branagh (Lockhart) isn't bad.  Shirley Henderson gets kudos as the snivelling ghost Moaning Myrtle, who gets a laugh once in the movie.<br />CGI effects make filming of the Harry Potter movies good timing, and the fast-paced Quidditch match isn't the same numbing blur of movement that plagues today's action movies.  Face it, had the movie been filmed two decades earlier, the realization of Hogwarts, the Quidditch match, and certain monsters would've looked pathetic using Ray Harryhausen special effects.<br />The Chamber of Secrets tops the original in character development, story, and competent performances.  In terms of content and scenery, the film is slightly darker than the first, but the overly sentimental finale makes up for those moments.  My recommendation is read the books first, then watch the movies.  Both are enjoyable, but read the book and play it out as if you were watching the movie.  It's great that way.<br />Oh yes.  Darker will definitely apply to the third film, The Prisoner of Azkaban, which I will definitely go see on opening day next year.  What about you?  Swish and flick--finite reviewus!takes top honours as Hermione, prettier and more self-assured than ever.  Tip to Warner Bros:  treat her like royalty and pay her whatever she wants--she's invaluable.<br />Themes in this movie (and the book) include some Nazi overtones of pure-blooded wizards being superior than Muggle-born (those born of non-magical families).  And the Minister of Magic's reactions against pro-pure blood wizard Lucius Malfoy's machinations is reminiscent of Neville Chamberlain appeasing Hitler at Munich.<br />Of the adult actors, Richard Harris-(R.I.P.) (Dumbledore) and Robbie Coltrane (Hagrid) still shine as the supportive providers, but Jason Isaacs steals the show, portraying Lucius Malfoy as a menacing force to be reckoned with, complete in flowing blonde hair, black robes and snakehead cane.  Kenneth Branagh (Lockhart) isn't bad.  Shirley Henderson gets kudos as the snivelling ghost Moaning Myrtle, who gets a laugh once in the movie.<br />CGI effects make filming of the Harry Potter movies good timing, and the fast-paced Quidditch match isn't the same numbing blur of movement that plagues today's action movies.  Face it, had the movie been filmed two decades earlier, the realization of Hogwarts, the Quidditch match, and certain monsters would've looked pathetic using Ray Harryhausen special effects.<br />The Chamber of Secrets tops the original in character development, story, and competent performances.  In terms of content and scenery, the film is slightly darker than the first, but the overly sentimental finale makes up for those moments.  My recommendation is read the books first, then watch the movies.  Both are enjoyable, but read the book and play it out as if you were watching the movie.  It's great that way.<br />Oh yes.  Darker will definitely apply to the third film, The Prisoner of Azkaban, which I will definitely go see on opening day next year.  What about you?  Swish and flick--finite reviewus!
B00006CXXU|5.0|Stripped is by far the best album i have every listened to.  The album combines a unique blend of r&b, rock, soul, and hip-hop.  The result is absolutly amazing.  Christina's voice is stunning...one of the best.  I suggest that you go out and buy this album asap...you will by extremely pleased with your purchase!
B00005OAIE|4.0|I cannot wait to hear what's next from John Mayer. He's young and talented, and if Room for Squares is any indication, he's got a long career ahead of him. Room for Squares is a collection of interesting lyrics, enchanting guitar riffs and all the twentysomething love drama you can handle. While \\"No Such Thing\\" and \\"Your Body is a Wonderland\\" have gotten radio play as of late, the entire album is noteworthy. \\"Why Georgia\\" is a great Gen Y anthem, while \\"Neon\\" is unbelievably sexy. If you like Dave Matthews or Jack Johnson, give John Mayer a listen.
B00008PX8P|5.0|What can you say, it's amazing to actually hear Jimmy Page play live before the success and excess made it hard for him to differentiate between the low E and the B strings.  Still just an amazing band when rock was still being defined. To hear the grooves between Bonham and JPJ explains the true origins of funk rock. These guys knew what it was about and made the right decision to hang it up after Bonhams demise.  Great musicians creating and playing great music.
B000002JKA|5.0|I was amazed when I first heard Awake.  I used to listen to it all the time.  Amazed a metal band could sound this good.  Nobody can touch John Petrucci's playing on this recording; He sounds phenomenal.  In fact, the whole band sounds superb.  This is the band's heaviest release, but still very melodic.  This album really sealed the deal for me during the late 90s that Dream Theater was the only metal band making fresh and interesting music.  Too bad their muse vanished on SFAM and 6 Degrees of Inner Turbalence.  You not need be a progressive metal fan to enjoy Awake.  An ordinary metal fan will love this.
B00005AQEA|2.0|I purchased this album with the hopes of being able to enjoy it at home and also use it to DJ on-the-air and at school dances.  Unfortunately, I am doing neither.  Although the album itself is one of the greatest hip-hop records ever recorded, the new \\"edited\\" version makes it almost unlistenable.<br />Most times, I don't mind when an edited version \\"drops out\\" the offensive lyrics (while the backing track continues to play).  However, on this album, the editors decided to reverse the curse words and the music together.  This editing technique has been used quite frequently on songs with one or two offensive words.  But when every few seconds 2Pac is dropping the \\"f\\" bomb, the edits become very annoying and really detract from the songs.  You might get just as much enjoyment out of listening to the whole thing backwards.<br />If you want edited 2Pac, try the clean version of the \\"Greatest Hits\\" cd.  It collects most of the original radio versions, with the exception of a few tracks that are poorly edited.<br />Bottom line: watch out for any of Death Row's \\"Remastered\\" edited cds.  I had a similar bad experience with Snoop Doggy Dogg's \\"Doggystyle\\" (Remastered/Edited Version).
B000002JSN|5.0|This is my favorite Led Zeppelin album. The production is so outstanding, there is phase on everything even on the drums! my recomendation is that you buy this album, put in disk two, put on your headphones and listen to &quot;Ten years gone&quot; and prepare to be amazed my Jimmy's playing, composition and production.
0440236738|3.0|Corben has many flaws as a writer, though he is talented at creating a complex maze of a mystery.  His characters are undeveloped and inconsistent-- examples include the seemingly pure evil Ghost and the love interest in this book.  He often obfuscates his plot by simply withholding details that characters know,  and the world his book takes place in is a fantastical one with no parralels with the real world-- despite the story's tabloid setting.  He will keep you hooked, but dont overthink the motivations and emotions of the characters involved: more often then not they dont make any snese at all.
B00006BTCA|5.0|Interpol has put out the best tracks I've heard since the first Moby disc. The categorization as underground 80's does ring true as hints of Echo and the Bunnymen and The Church come through. But it's a recording that I can say actually has what is rare today, and that's a sense that the songs belong together to create an album and not a single with a lot of filler.
B000021XS0|1.0|Dream Theater is my favorite metal band of any genre, but this album marks the beginning of their decline.  The songs simply feel unfinished.  Of course, their musicianship is outstanding, but the songwriting is weak.  None of the songs grabbed me like on their previous recordings.  I loved all the other albums, especially Awake, but they really dropped the ball on this one.  The band seemingly has gotten bored with its earlier direction and is now directionless.  Ever since they added Jordan Rudess I've felt like Portnoy has been stealing my money.  The band is basically dead as the creative force it once was.
0441172717|5.0|I was introduced to &quot;The Book&quot; ( Frank Herberts Dune)by a close friend. He told me that once you read Dune your life will never be the same. I thought &quot;Hell! never liked SF&quot;. But in respect for his opinion, i decided to read it anyway. In my way back home one question was disturbing my brain. &quot;- Aint Dune That good?&quot;. Well Ill tell you all that i &quot;devoured&quot; Dune in about 48 hours. Once you start to read it you cant stop before you finish it. It is so amazing. What kind of mind could develop such a masterpice? Frank Herbert (God bless his soul!!) was a genious. He created the &quot;Bible of Science Fiction&quot;. Listen to my words as i say &quot;- Buy it now. You wont be disapointed.&quot;<BR>&quot;Aint Dune that good?&quot; &quot;F_ _ K. Im preety sure of it.&quot;
B00008NG5V|5.0|I love this CD!  I was just introduced to Jack Johnson this February.  My friend Dina played Bubble Toes and it sounded so familiar.  I liked the few songs from Brushfire Fairytales that I heard. (Sexy Plexi,Fortunate Fool, Flake, Bubble Toes,)  So I decided to get into his music. From then on i was hooked.  I picked up On and On and I am very impressed. It hasn't left my CD player yet!<BR>~Times like these~ ***** out of *****. I like this one because it is so relaxing and i like the his mmmmm's and mmmmhmmm's!<BR>~Horizon has been defeated~ **** out of ***** I like the lyric \\"people are lonely and only animals with fancy shoes\\" Also he has a good point when he says \\"machines become our hands/feet become the wheels/\\" but its fun and just not my favorite though.<BR>~Traffic in the sky~ ***** ot of *****I love his mmmhhmmmm's once more!  I really like this one.  This song always gets me in a \\"thinking mood\\" It's very peaceful.<BR>~Taylor~***** out of ***** I don't care for the lyrics to much.  But I really like the beat.<BR>~Gone~**** out of ***** listen to the lyrics!! just listen.  Made me think about how I don't need diamond rings to be happy and, welll u get the main idea.<BR>~Cupid~ *** of ***** Cool melody, rather short though.. Which I would have liked to be longer.<BR>~Wasting Time~ ***** of ***** I absolutely love the guitar vibe in the beginnning.  Really nice groove to it. \\"Why don't we get together?/We could waste everything tonight\\"<BR>~Holes to Heaven~ **** of ***** Jack's go a good point. But what's all this abou Port Blair? LOL ooo-k But I love the music though!<BR>~Dreams be dreams~ *** of ***** \\"Don't let your dreams be dreams\\"<BR>~Tomorrow Mornng~ ***** of *****. Love the soft singing and solo guitar at the beginning.  It's also coo how the percussion and bass kicks in though. Real smooth.<BR>~Fall Line~ *** of ***** Very nice. I don't know if I understand what the Fall Line is. But maybe I just need 2 listen more.<BR>~Cookie Jar~ ***** of *****  Woah, this song tells a true story.  I can understand where Jack is coming from.  When u listen to it, you get sucked into the song.   had t listen to the song thoroughly a few times before I really understoof the maning.<BR>~Rodeo Clowns~ **** of ***** A little fast to understand, but the mesage is strong.<BR>~Cocoon~ ***** of ***** AWWWWWW!! His voice is so soft and sweet on this one! I love it!<BR>~Mediocre Bad Guys~ ***** of ***** THis song reminds me of another song. i cannot put my finer on it. Its so laid back.  A good one on the album.<BR>~Symbol in my driveway~ ***** of ***** A good closer for te CD.  \\"I've got a symbol in my driveway/got a hundred million dollar friends/got a brand new weapon/ let's see how destructive we can be\\"<BR>     Overall, this is a GREAT CD! GO BUY IT! enjoy!
B00006X06U|5.0|Isn't it fantastic by reading all of the previous reviews how Joni Mitchell, one of the few artists we have that is willing to lay herself open in order to make you think continues to do so with this new album.  I never thought of Joni as a &quot;love or hate&quot; artist.  I bet she is fine with the vast differences of opinion of her work.  Isn't that what a true artist is all about?? <br />She continues to make me think, makes me cry, make me feel my real feelings.   Isn't that what a true artist is all about?<BR>So very very few like that.  We are so blessed.<br />Craig
B000092ZYX|5.0|Ok.. first off... True, this is not another &quot;The Bends&quot; or &quot;OK Computer&quot;, or &quot;Kid A&quot; or &quot;Amnesiac&quot;.  I have learned over the years not to compare each new Radiohead release with its predecessors, but evaluate them on their own merits.  &quot;OK Computer&quot; and &quot;Kid A&quot; were truly masterpieces that warrant all the praise they have received... &quot;The Bends&quot; was a transitionary work that had some shining moments, but was uneven.  Radiohead has put themselves in a category where they cannot be compared to others, just themselves.  Even then, it's not easy...<br />Hail to the Theif is an excellent CD.  And it truly defines &quot;progressive rock&quot;... Radiohead combines elements of many different types of music with it's own unique sound to create a sound that is leaps and bounds ahead of what others are trying to accomplish.  Here (as in many of Radiohead's releases) you have songs that mess around with different structures and time signatures (but done so smoothly that you have to actually count to figure it out), and fleshed out with Thom Yorke's minimalistic and often repetitive (but in a good way) lyrics.  His voice here is more expressive and emotionally charged as it has been since OK Computer... maybe because he has new things to be passionate about (i.e. the birth of his child into this uncertain world).<br />My favorite songs here are &quot;2+2=5&quot;, &quot;Sit Down. Stand Up&quot;, &quot;Sail to the Moon&quot;, &quot;There There&quot;, &quot;A Punchup&quot;, &quot;Myxomatosis&quot;, &quot;Scatterbrain&quot; and &quot;A Wolf at the Door&quot;.  Every time I listen to it, in its entirety, I hear new things and more reasons to be amazed.  Some of these songs are truly scary.... Anyways, If you are one of those who &quot;gets it&quot;, then buy it... if not, take your chances, although you will probably sit there going &quot;Huh?&quot;...
B000003TA4|5.0|Perhaps its hard to rate an album who has been reviewed by nearly 900 people in here, and listened by millions, but hey I think ill try.<br />Nevermind was for me the very first record that touched me, by the time i was currently listening pure pop ... music, and i just thought there was nothing better like that, i was 13, till a friend of mine lend me a copy of his cd, (nevermind), i played it and from kurtp opening riff (smells like teen spirit), i couldnt believe what was happening on me, it was like if i had heard that music somewhere in my life, like if it was just there in my head. well i kept listening from track 1 to 12 and layed down in my bed to think what had happened, it was just like something had  changed me and my view of music itself. anyway thas my story...<br />I would recomend this album to anyone (who hasnt heard it, which is pretty hard to find nowadays), that wants to aquire a classic rock album, because thats what this is, and believe me, as simple as that, this could be compared, to such classic records of all the time like, BACK IN BLACK, LONDON CALLING, WHOS NEXT, LED ZEP IV, OK COMPUTER, DARK SIDE OF THE MOON, STICKY FINGERS, FRAGILE, REVOLVER etc. by their importance in marking, building, and making the rock genre itself.<br />By talking about grunge itself, for me this is not an entire grunge album or the definitive \\"GRUNGE ALBUM\\", as many like to call it. It does have some grunge highlights and standards (lithium, breed, in bloom), those are 3 of the songs that made grunge what is was, anger, passion, destruction, obssesion, good music, anyway if yo u are really interested in exploring the grunge sound, i would recommend, nirvanas in utero (which is way better than nevermind for me, because kurt really poured his heart out on his last record, and it does define grunge even more than nevermind), also check out some real grunge: mother love bone, pearl jams albums TEN & V.S, Soundgardens LOUDER THAN LOVE & BADMOTORFINGER andalice in chains DIRT. <br />Anyway, NEVERMIND, will pass through the decades as one of the <BR>Top 10 essential records of all the times, without any doubt...
B00005JKHP|5.0|Ok, I guess I am a rare breed. I am a huge Star Trek fan and I believe that this movie is the best of them all. Let me explain why I feel this way. The biggest reason is the story. I cannot tell you how engrossed I was with the story in this movie. It is the drive we as humans have to become more than we are. The same holds true for Vger.<br />I thought the acting in this movie was excellent and I cannot understand why other reviewers criticized it. After all, Ricardo Montalban's acting in Star Trek II was cheesy at best. There was no cheesiness in this movie. No stupid scripts like Star Trek V, only pure adulterated fascination and a wonderful visual experience. Some have compared the pace and feel of this movie to 2001:A Space Odessey. And they would be right. Chances are, if you didn't like 2001, you won't like this movie.<br />This movie is not a brainless action movie, it is a film that makes you think, very deeply. My test as to whether a film is great or not is whether or not I'm still thinking about it 2 weeks later. I found myself doing that with this one and even past 2 weeks.<br />Bottom line: Excellent science fiction film. Get it.
B000023VR6|5.0|When an album offers three radio songs you know the album has something to offer. However, this album features at least 4. The best known of these being Still Dre, The Next episode, and Forgot about Dre. Personally this is my favorite rap CD and dre's best even ahead of The Chronic and his albums with NWA. Even so this album offers something rare to find, witch is an album where you can listen to the whole cd and enjoy almost every song. In the music business where one hit will sell a cd finding an album with this type of constant quality is very rare. Overall, if you have not picked up this album and are a rap fan then go ahead and pick this up. This is one cd that is worth the 15 bucks.
0393317552|4.0|This book is very well written and presents quite a few interesting facts about different cultures around the world.  It also presents some very good arguments as to how technology and society developed in different regions of the globe.  However, the author did not completely convince me of his viewpoints.  In any case it is an interesting book and well worth the time I took to read it.
B000002H72|5.0|The Pixies sound like The Velvet Underground meet early Beach Boys meet Sonic Youth meet The Ramones.
B000065U1N|4.0|The movie was excellent. Action from beginning till the end. The audio however is sub par in my opinion. If you have a good home theater system you will notice that it lacks separation in the channels. Still, it is almost a must have for any fan of war movies. Great performances from the entire cast.
B00000253N|5.0|Bob Dylan displays some of his poetic skills with incredibly simple guitar sounds is Blood on the Tracks. He tells of lost love, intricately woven happenstance, and, as most of the beatniks spoke of, travel. This is a perfect album for a cross country drive or a quiet evening alone.
6304711875|5.0|Scream is a pretty darn good movie.  If someone was to view it now for the first time, it might seem old and unoriginal, because they have seen a dozen other slasher films from the late 90s.  However, those people might forget one key fact.  SCREAM WAS THE FIRST MOVIE TO USE THE TECHNIQUE AND STYLE IT DOES.  There have been SO many other countless imposters after it that simply cannot live up to it.<br />A lot of reviews say Scream is not scary at all, from what I've read.  They point out it is a satire.  YES!  IT DOES MAKE FUN OF THE HORROR GENRE.  But, there are also scenes of complete terror in Scream.  Horror and Comedy are closly linked because they are probably the two strongest emotions that humans feel.  An example is after an audience screams from being startled, they usually LAUGH.  Scream pushes all these buttons by being a satire and a horror film in, it's own right, all at the same time.  <br />I will make this point: I WAS TRULY SCARED BY SCREAM.  No, I'm not a whimp, as another review stated you were if Scream scared you!  I have sat through all the horror classics other reviews reccommend over Scream like Halloween, The Exorcist, The Shining, The Ring, the original Haunting and Rosemary's Baby.  While I admire them all and think they're great films (with the exception of The Ring, which was just ok), none of them came CLOSE to scaring me the way Scream did.  <br />Maybe you ask why it is scary?  Because, in so many \\"killer\\" movies, the stalker just silently lumbers around at a slow pace and hacks everyone up.  In Scream, the killer now has a cell phone at their fingertips.  There was added thought to the script to have to put words in the killers mouth, truly chilling words.  And not only that, Scream's killer is very realistic because he/she/(don't want to give anything away) runs, trips, falls, and acts just plain old human.  Not only that, there is an uncanny sense of humor that the actor gave to the masked figure that makes you want to laugh andscream at the same time.<br />Also, SCREAM HAS SOME EXCELLENT ACTING IN IT!  People critize Rose Mcgraw, David Arquett..etc, but HELLO!  Did any of those harsh reviewers ever see the amazing performance Drew Barrymore gave in her opening scene?!  It was truly one of the most terrifying moments in horror history, and has rightly taken it's place among classic film scenes.  <br />Perhaps Scream should be rewarded most for reinventing the slasher genre.  In a time when the countless Halloween and Friday the 13th sequels were being made, along came Scream with its witty writing and stylish directing from Craven.  Also, at least Scream was smart enough to stop the sequels after number 3, to form a nice trilogy.  I believe that the saying goes \\"the highest form of flattery is reproducing a persons work.\\"  Then, because of all the imitators that Scream gave birth too, there is a lot of praise it has received.
B00006JJ1O|5.0|This is by far the BEST group out right now. They show they have HUGE talent by not speaking a word of english but learning it to sing for the American fans. They are also very beautiful girls and they are very headstrong in what they are doing. I give them 5 stars because everyone of their songs is very catchy and is very awesome! Go TaTu... Yulia and Lena Rock
B00006CXSS|5.0|If you have a home theater system of any quality you must have this set! Not only is it the best war movie af all time, it has an absolutely amazing DTS sound. When the Germans attack with artillery you will find yourself ducking. Bullets seem to whiz right by your head. The sound is good enough to make even the most patient Wife mad. A man movie all the way guys!
0790744759|5.0|So this movie is chock-full of corny moments, unrealistic scenes, and generally wacky elements.  My favorites:<br />-- the fact that Judy Garland's bangs form a perfect square, and never move, not once, throughout the whole film<BR>-- the curtain-like dress that she wears during the squaredance party at their house ... it has tassels and everything.  It's like a forerunner of Maria's sewing in &quot;The Sound of Music.&quot;  <BR>-- the fact that her sister Rose is &quot;playing&quot; the piano by spastically moving her hands over the keys (you'd think Vincente Minelli would have taught the actress how to make it look authentic)<BR>-- The neurotic little sister Tootie, played by the fabulous Margaret O'Brien, who is a great case study for child psychologists<BR>-- the fact that Esther is gaga over &quot;the boy next door,&quot; even though he has the personality of a carpet sweeper<br />So why did I give this five stars?  Well, actually, it's because of all of the above -- they give the movie its quirky charm -- and so much more, including:<br />-- the gorgeous costumes, curtain dress excluded<BR>-- the great ensemble cast, including Marjorie Main as the cranky maid<BR>-- the sunny music: I challenge you to keep from humming along<BR>-- the atmosphere of nostalgia, joy, and fun that this movie weaves.  It's a keeper, an absolute classic.  I've always loved it.  I always will.
6305252521|5.0|The screenplay of THE TRUMAN SHOW isn't as original as it seems to be. I personally see three referential sources in it : The Prisoner TV episodes, Orwell's 1984 and Terry Gilliam's BRAZIL. What's truly original is the way Peter Weir has treated this screnplay.<br />We knew, since PICNIC AT HANGING ROCK, that this director is able to describe the fantastic side of the most normal situations. And it's really terrific to observe these actors surrounding Jim Carrey trying to act naturally when this actor has the utmost difficult task to play a character who doesn't know that his life is an act. That's really VERTIGO !<br />At last Peter Weir has made an american movie of the quality of his early australian films. It was about time.<br />A DVD to celebrate his resurrection.
B00007ELEL|3.0|I'm a fan of the quirky, the random, and the off-beat. I found this film to be all of these things, as well as quite funny, but ultimately, the quirky humor couldn't quite compensate for the lack of substance in the storyline. The absurdity of the situations, the dialogue, and especially the characters and their idiosyncracies (especially Walter's inability to stop bringing up &quot;'Nam&quot;) brings much to the table, but by the time Jeff &quot;The Dude&quot; Bridges fixes his seventh or eighth White Russian, it makes you wonder when something's going to happen. A great film to rent if you've got nothing to do on a Thursday night, but I'd say you'd have to be a Coen Brothers/Goodman/Bridges fanatic before buying it.
B000092ZYX|5.0|&quot;Hail To The Thief&quot; is brilliant. I believe it to be Radiohead's finest effort. The timing is perfect, what with war and President Bush?s facetious approach towards it. This album helps cope with the sadness of fatalities over seas, and expresses what I thought no record could ever express. This album would more be appropriate if it was called ?Hail to George W. Bush? for his stealing of the presidency. I believe the reason why this album is so mind-numbingly depressing is the result of Thoms child being born in the midst of terrorism and war in our world today. This album is focuses more human life rather then mindless self-indulgence (Referring to Amnesiac and Kid A). What?s left is the comparison to OK Computer, which I find impossible, because both albums are equally meaningful, and tragic. The only thing that?s difficult about any of Radioheads albums is that they need to grow on you. The leak of this album let listeners like myself here that album before it was released, and honestly, made me want to buy it even more. Before you buy this album download it. Listen to it. Soak it up. And when you fall in love with it, you?ll feel good when you buy the CD. I promise you that you will love it, and it will be apart of your lives as it is mine.
0316096199|5.0|I picked up this book(Audio Version) by mistake.I was going on a long trip and wanted to make driving productive time...so I got several books.<br />When I started with \\"Lucky\\" I was caught in the relentless grip of the author reading her book.I had no chance.For the first time ever I understood what rape is really about.<br />It certainly is not the date rape stories I heard about in college,nor the threats from women using sex for leverage\\"Do this or I'll yell rape,and no one will believe you\\".For years if not most of my life ,I was decidedly unsympathetic and even a little suspicious of \\"rape\\" allegations.<br />All that changed after Ms.Sebold's narrative.<br />I felt anger at all rapists,and even more so for the lawyers who defend such scum and go to great lengths to put the victim on trial as happened in this book.<br />It was obvious in the Sebold case that the lawyer,like many lawyers couldn't care less about justice and were interested only in \\"winning the case\\" so they could get a reputation and charge higher fees for the next rapist they defend.<br />It was obvious in this true story the lawyer and his relentless cross-examination had nothing to do with justice and everything to do with self aggrandizement and ego.<br />500 years ago Shakespeare in King Henry the VI had a character (Dick the Butcher) say \\"First we'll kill all the lawyers\\".....sentiment hasn't changed much<br />....<br />Ms Sebold was affected for years afterward and even entered the world of drugs and other self destructive pursuits.Was there a touch,though transitory feeling of Lesbian attraction?<br />Was this a predictable backlash?<br />The only thing not made clear in the book is why Sebold seemed to be blamed for a subseqent rape of someone close to her.Was this contagious ?<br />The humor is subtle but very much there..and she reveals herself as the intelligent, creative ,sensitive personality she must be.<br />This is undoubtedly one of the best,well written and spell binding books I have ever experienced.<br />I recommend it highly especially to men,and anyone who may someday serve on a jury.<br />John Rodanis Margatis Douglasrienced.<BR>I recommend it highly especially to men,and anyone who may someday serve on a jury.<br />John Rodanis Margatis Douglas
630512762X|5.0|FACE/OFF, directed by Hong-Kong star director, John Woo, is a scientific thriller deserving to be in the top ten american movies of 1997. Destined to a larger public than the usual John Woo aficionados, FACE/OFF has been carefully written in order to please the average moviegoer looking for the bang-bang ride promised by the name of the director, as well as the movie buff expecting a little more than an outstanding visual feast.<br />Castor and Pollux, greek heroes of the Troy-an war, Adam (Castor's son) and Eve (Archer's wife) are well-known couples of our western cultural background. Mirrors, lost identities, bad and evil, black and white are also literary and cinematographical themes we have often encountered in our lives of curious movie lovers. So what ! Let's admit that it's the first time I've seen so important themes treated in a so flamboyant manner.<br />Just a final word regarding the actors : Nicolas Cage clearly steals the show by pushing John Travolta to his limits which are, alas, too visible. A great salute to the editors and the stuntmen also.<br />A DVD zone your library.
0316666343|3.0|Do not read this book if you've lost a child or a friend.  It will break your heart.
B00008LDPU|1.0|Careful about buying this DVD.  I just finished watching 70% of it at home, and multiple times throughout the DVD my wife and I wanted to turn it off.  The first short is the best.  Flight of the Osiris.  Everything else is terrible, and now I know why the first short is the only one released to the theatres.  Pretty obvious difference in quality between that and the others.  Had they shown any of the others in the theatre, there would have been a stampede to the bathroom to hurl.<br />Yes, the rest of the DVD is that bad.
B00008YLV2|5.0|Black Hawk Down was be far the best movie of 2001. The 3 disc set is well worth it. This is probadly one of the best war movies ever made. It was so well done that there is almost nothing you can really say. I mean it was released as a 1 disc a year ago and then it released again with all sorts of extras. .... 3 different commentaries by the Ridley Scott + Bruckheimer, Bowden the author of the book + Ken Nolan and then the actually soldiers who were there in Somilia. <BR>Most of movies in this genre are completely made up for the most part(Rambo, Hart's War, Behind enemy lines). Some them are based on some event but it is not an actually story of events that did occur. This is the real thing it did happen. This movie is going to be a classic one day. Ridley Scott deserved to win best director in 2001.
0790731452|5.0|MARS ATTACKS is the perfect example of the movie which has to be seen several times in order to appreciate all the details the director has hidden in it. Thanks the martian gods, we do have now the DVD standard ! It's really incredible how Tim Burton in each new movie is able to create a perfectly plausible world with such guys as Batman, Edward Scissorhands, Beetlejuice or hideous martians. I think that we can now admit he is one of the great american directors of the second half of the XXth century.<br />MARS ATTACKS is not a movie to be analyzed. It's simply a movie to enjoy. One doesn't have to be a sci-fi fan to like it and that's the sign of a great movie. For example, the scene of the martian disguised as a superb blonde is worthy to appear in an anthology of the best comic scenes of the history of motion pictures.<br />A DVD zone your library.
B00005JLD4|5.0|This story is very sad but in a way it's very interesting. This movie made me cry because how can someone be so cruel and take children away from their families and their culture. Seeing the movie made me think how hard it was for the 3 little girls to travel 1,500 miles just to be with their loved ones. I know that I would have done the same thing in order to be with my family and continue with my culture. I think people should have the right to be what they want to be. People should not try to take their rights away. I think people should watch this movie to know what I am talking about. I want people to see how cruel the world was to the Australian Aborigines.
B00005JLPK|3.0|but ... after all the hype, both from the press and from my friends I have to admit I was disappointed and had trouble sitting throung the end. <br />OK .. the movie has a phenomenal start, that's the reason I gave it 3 stars, and the scene of Frida's accident and her recovery in the hospital is what I could say was dircetorial genius and very very original. The problem, well it basically starts to fall flat as we watch Frida grow up to marry Diego Rivera .... <br />Both Frida and Diego really provide us with a clear cut image of a dysfunctional marriage of convenience and love that as strong as a mile wide river ... only problem is that the river is only 2 inches deep .... Diego is the ardent communist that is certainly more in love with the communist party and his art that he ever was with Frida ..... and ... while Frida did love Diego I can't really say that fidelity and abstinence was high on her list of priorities either ... <br />And that's the problem with the movie ... I just didn't walk away liking either character no matter how much the director wanted to portray them as free wheeling and free spirited communists .... trust me there is no such a thing .... you are either one or the other ...
B00008BXJF|5.0|ESTE GRUPO NO TERMINA DE SORPRENDERME .AUN HACIENDO BUEN ROCK ,AL PURO ESTILO QUE NOS TIENE ACOSTUMBRADOS Y SIN SONAR REPETITIVO.MEJOR QUE SU TRABAJO ANTERIOR ,ES INCREIBLE QUE ALGUIEN TENGA MALA OPINION DE ESTE CD;ESTO SOLO CONFIRMA QUE KING CRIMSOM NO ES APTO PARA CUALQUIER OIDO.<BR>LE RECOMIENDO TENERLO EN SU GRUPO DE DISCOS DE ROCK COMO UN EJEMPLO DE EXCELENTE ROCK PROGRESIVO
0316779237|4.0|David Sedaris gives us a book on Christmas with a twist.  This is not a book about how wonderfull Christmas is but how sick and screwed up the world is with Christmas as the backdrop.  My personal favorite story is about working as an Elf with Santa at a department store for the holidays.  The little vignettes within the story about the going ons in the Santa department is truly funny because it is true.  I worked at a famous toy chain one year and the same stories happened to me.  Not one of the stories is traditional, but written with a New York sense of humor.  \\"Front Row Center With Thaddeus Bristol\\" is about a serious review of children's Cristmas pagents and is every bit as blistering as if they were a Broadway play.  \\"Christmas Means Giving\\" is about one-up-man-ship of trying to keep up with the Joneses and is every bit as funny as it is sick.  If you want a book with a warped sense of Christmas that is funny, this is for you.  This is definitly not for children, but it is for their parents.
B000088E6D|5.0|This is the best cd ever! I'm 18 and have discovered Michael Buble' music and I will be a fan for life.<BR>Everyone of my friends who has listened is now hooked too. Many of these songs are new to me, but my mom and dad tell me they've been around for years -- it's kind of weird that my mom and dad and I like the same thing!!<BR>I just want to see him live now. Michael when  are you coming to Ft.Worth?
B00005JLPK|3.0|but ... after all the hype, both from the press and from my friends I have to admit I was disappointed and had trouble sitting throung the end. <br />OK .. the movie has a phenomenal start, that's the reason I gave it 3 stars, and the scene of Frida's accident and her recovery in the hospital is what I could say was dircetorial genius and very very original. The problem, well it basically starts to fall flat as we watch Frida grow up to marry Diego Rivera .... <br />Both Frida and Diego really provide us with a clear cut image of a dysfunctional marriage of convenience and love that as strong as a mile wide river ... only problem is that the river is only 2 inches deep .... Diego is the ardent communist that is certainly more in love with the communist party and his art that he ever was with Frida ..... and ... while Frida did love Diego I can't really say that fidelity and abstinence was high on her list of priorities either ... <br />And that's the problem with the movie ... I just didn't walk away liking either character no matter how much the director wanted to portray them as free wheeling and free spirited communists .... trust me there is no such a thing .... you are either one or the other ...
B00006SFLV|5.0|It is only in recent years that psychologists have identified early adolescence as critical, high stakes years for just about everyone.  My So-Called Life shows us why.  In its inimitable gentle, compelling, realistic, loving and at times gut-wrenching way, it takes us through scenarios that reconnect us with our own experiences and feelings.  Emphathy with the characters is immediate and deep.  Confronting the issues of growing up in a world that can be exhiliarating or hurtful, reassuring or jarring, and all in the same day, takes masterful writing and acting which this series has to extreme.  From it, we emerge with deeper insights, reconciliation of our own experiences, -- and all with a warm glow of having been put in touch with our own humanity.  Ingenious.  Well worth the while of most of us.  That the major networks cut the series in its first year does not detract from this -- quite the contrary, considering the source.
0140544518|5.0|Take the \\"The Three Little Pigs\\" and tell it from the                              Wolf's point of view and you end up with this wonderfull book.  The story doesn't change except it is the Wolf who tells this version and why everything happened.  The wolf claims victim status and claims this is all a misunderstanding with the pigs being at fault.  It is truly fun and wonderfull that both children and adults will enjoy.
0440539811|2.0|Perhaps it picks up later, but I'm finding the book extremely dull through page 60.  Has it aged past its time, I wonder?
B00005JLKB|5.0|First off...Smallville is great! Next, I don't know how true it is, but I read it or heard this somewhere. There is going to be a new Superman movie due to all of the superhero craze i.e. Spiderman, Daredevil, Hulk, X-2. possible canidates but not limited to Superman are Nick Cage and Josh Hartnet. Good actors but not great chioces. I want to see Tom Welling be Superman PERIOD. I don't care if Smallville goes another six seasons and Superman comes out before Smallville ends. Tom Welling is the perfect Superman. I remember the first episode I caught. I came home from class and my roomates were watching it. I didnt even have to ask I saw the blue tee under the red flannel and knew it was some type of Superman show. I was hooked at that moment. I hope I am backed up here by all the Smallville fans.
B00001U0DP|5.0|Life bautiful is a marvelous story
B00003CXRP|5.0|Tom Hanks stars as Chuck, a Fed-Ex worker who is busy as a bee and obsessed with being on time. But his world of deadlines and traveling falls apart when he suddenly gets in a plane crash.<br />Chuck becomes stranded on an island, all alone. He uses his ingenuity to live and must struggle to survive. This island he lives on is reminiscent of the one from the book &quot;Lord of the Flies&quot; and the survival skills reminiscent of books like Hatchet.<br />This movie is amazing and spectacular. It's a must-see movie, one that's motivational and humorous. It is an awesome survival story. The ending is excellent, although the movie is quite long.
B000002LKU|5.0|This is one of my favorite records.  If you are looking for deep, melodic, soothing blues, folk and gospel, then look no further.  A great record for long road trips.
B000002ULO|5.0|There are other equally great McCartney solo albums like Band on the Run (with his band Wings), Flowers in the Dirt and Run Devil Run. This was a year after The Beatles Anthology installments and would the last album with his wife Linda. Although he played many of the instruments himself as on most of his solo albums, he sounds like he's enjoying himself here, not just saying \\"See? I can play!\\" In addition, the \\"special guests\\" shine brightly and add another dimension to it.    Like other reviewers, I found the liner notes insightful. The songs span from over a 5-year period. His lyrics are probably most interesting on \\"The World Tonight\\" (Paul said he felt inspired by John Lennon's witty sayings), \\"Little Willow\\" (supposedly dedicated to the late Maureen Starkey) and \\"Song We Were Singing\\" (one of the best ballads on Flaming Pie). Another poignant ballad is \\"Beautiful Night,\\" which features Ringo Starr on drums and George Martin on orchestral score (it almost sounds reminiscent of Wings). Martin is also featured on the melancholy \\"Somedays\\" and Ringo also plays on the jam session \\"Really Love You.\\" Jeff Lynne (ELO mastermind) is brought in on \\"Heaven on a Sunday\\" and features a solo by Paul's son James. Lynne is also featured on \\"Souvenir\\" which alternates between power ballad verses and a bluesy chorus and \\"Flaming Pie,\\" which is a fun song with the title inspired by.... you'll have to figure that one out! Paul's piano sounds reminiscent of \\"Lady Madonna\\" on \\"Pie.\\" \\"If You Wanna\\" has a similar acoustic guitar arrangement as that on \\"Things We Said Today.\\"  \\"Calico Skies\\" is a brief but pretty ballad. \\"Great Day\\" may be a little sappy (it sounds like he ripped the lyrics off a Kellogg's jingle!) but even the sappy stuff on this album has grown on me. \\"Used to Be Bad\\" is just a fun blues jam session/duet with Steve Miller. He also contributes on \\"Young Boy\\" (my favourite track of all). The inspiration for this song is pretty interesting (a more in-depth explanationfor the song can be found on the CD single The World Tonight).     To close this review, I'd like to give Paul the last word:     \\"You've got to have a laugh, because it's just an album. So I called up a bunch of friends and family and we just got on and did it. And we had fun making it. Hopefully you'll hear that in the songs.\\"
0393057658|5.0|Just finished reading the book over two days.  Well done for what it is.  As I watched the A's play on TV last night I really enjoyed knowing some of the background on some of the players I watched.  I also enjoyed a new insight to the game of baseball that I'd not had before reading this book.  The book made me laugh at times and had a &quot;page turning&quot; energy that I hadn't expected.
B00009ATKS|5.0|Mogwai's latest album finds them in a happy medium between the angular experiments of their last album, Rock Action, and the understated beauty of the EP they released before it.  The songs are more lush and filled-out than their sparse masterpiece Come On Die Young, and yet, at the same time, all but two tracks clock in at under 5 minutes.  In fact, two of the best songs on the album are \\"only\\" around 3 minutes long - proof that their song \\"Stanley Kubrick\\" wasn't a fluke - proof that, yes, it IS possible to distill the essence of post-rock into pop-song length.  With an added emphasis on strings, piano and other \\"non-rock\\" instruments, Labradford and Godspeed You! Black Emperor both have reason to worry.  You can tell that Mogwai's sense of self-deprecating humor has occasionally sabotaged their career, but not this time.  A true gem of an album.
B000002I53|5.0|I was first exposed to Coltrane's later avant-garde work, like A Love Supreme, the weird Selflessness and the sonic nightmares Om and Ascesion, but then I got a copy of My Favorite Things, a song from a musical I HATE w/ a passion (The Sound of Music). Coltrane's version of the song is much better than the original one, because it omits the goofy and pretentious lyrics, added Eastern flavored styles to jazz and Coltrane and his band mates reworked it in an unusual but interesting time signature (6/4 I believe). Plus the solos by Coltrane on the song are absolutely amazing. The entire 10+ minutes of the track keep you interested and satisfied. The other 3 songs on this album are awesome as well. My Favorite Things may be Coltrane at his most accessible, but it certainly will appeal to more people than his later works, and is an esential to any jazz collection, or any CD collection, just like A Love Supreme or Miles Davis' Kind of Blue.
0316666343|3.0|I found Lovely Bones to be a great mixture of a suspense story and also a realistic portrayal of a family.  The reader really gets to know each character and feel with them as they live through the tragedy of Susie's death.  At the same time there is a mystery to the whole thing about the murder of Susie and how it will be dealt with on earth that keeps the reader on edge and makes it hard to stop reading.  There are some very beautifully written passages as well.  <BR>       The only criticism I have to offer about this book is that it may be a little too long.  There was a point about three quarters way through where I felt like it was dragging on a little.  I still enjoyed it a lot, but I think I would have finished it with a one hundred percent satisfied feeling if it had been a little shorter.  Also although while reading the book there was nothing I really wanted to do except to continue reading, it did leave me with a lingering sense of sadness for the duration of the time I read the book.  I guess this says the author did a good job of conjuring up powerful emotions in her story.<BR>       The book is also very interesting because it offers the author's views on death and after -life.  The story is told from the point of view of Susie, who is murdered in the first scene of the book, looking down on earth from heaven.  This is a very unique way to tell a story.
B000005IU2|5.0|Nobody had been this ferocious before or has been since.  Brutally primitive, assaulting, yet funky, too, with a screaming sax on the latter half that makes your head want to explode.  Unlike their punk descendents, the Stooges could swing with funky proto punk rhythms.  Raw Power, the other great Stooges album, may have more memorable songs but it just doesn't have the same visceral, mesmerizing feel of this one.  Get this and realize how many &quot;heavy&quot; performers since (including the solo Iggy himself) are simply pretenders.
B00005JKZV|2.0|To edit a book in order to make it into a movie such as 'The Fellowship of the Ring' did, is very common place and acceptable.  After all squeezing an epic reading experience into 2 hours is impossible.  On the other hand what happened in 'The Two Towers'(?) is like splatting some paint onto a canvas and passing it off as a Picasso.  To alter the inherent nature of a main character is a crime against the book, and no longer worthy of it's title.  Peter Jackson could just as well have started from scratch and made a great movie, but let's face it, he wanted to cash in on a much loved classic, not honor it.
B000002H72|5.0|I was a teenager in the 70s and didn't discover the Pixies until my forties.  I missed them when they were together.  My loss.  The Pixies were to punk as the Beatles were to pop, the Beach Boys were to surf, and the Stones were to garage/blues rock.  Like those superpowers they raised the genre to another level.<br />Doolittle is quite simply one of the best albums ever made.  Perhaps it will some day be recognized along with the best work of more famous artists like Dylan, the Beatles, the Stones, Led Zeppelin, the Velvet Underground, the Who, and Nirvana.  I don't mean to disparage Nirvana, but, to my mind, this is a far better release than Nevermind and the Pixies' music is a lot more fun than their influenced descendants of the punk/grunge/alt variety.  <br />Maybe because the Pixies were regarded as a punk band their music doesn't get the same respect as those practicing in the more mainstream genres.  Maybe because they disbanded before they had time to fully emerge from indie status they have not achieved mainstream popular recognition.  <br />If you don't have one of the Pixies' original recordings, this is the best one to start with.  The two releases that preceded this one (Come on Pilgrim and Surfer Rosa) are great, too, but this one is the best.  Buying this CD is money very well spent.
B000092ZYX|1.0|Speaking for myself I have had quite enough of Thom Yorke's endless mewling and weepy wailing. <BR>The Emperor is not only stark naked, he's laughing uproariously at our gullability. While 'critics' leap aboard Radiohead's gladwagon and hail this as yet-another jewel in the groups crown, I've finally exhausted not-only my patience but my pocketbook.<BR>If Radiohead were U2, O.K. Computer would be their Joshua Tree and everything after would be the turgid, euro-garbage that has made U2 the despised sellouts they are.<BR>Join me and send Yorke and the rest a clear and concise message: We aren't buying your 'brilliance' any more. Keep your bleeps and bloops and crybaby caterwauling, I'll take the latest Foo Fighter disk any day.
B000002G7G|5.0|The first and second albums seem to get more acclaim but this one is the most listenable of the Velvet's catalogue from start to finish. Maintains a softer (even romantic) groove throughout.  While it lacks the number of classics on the Velvet Underground and Nico, it fits together more nicely as an album.  I have the VU box set and this disk gets by far the most play.
B00005PJ8O|5.0|Patton is without a doubt one of the best WWII dramas available.  The DVD version has been brilliantly reproduced.  For war movie fans, this one should not be passed up!
0385335482|4.0|&quot;Confessions of a Shopaholic&quot; will never rank among the greatest achievements of literature. In all honesty, it's not nearly as clever as &quot;Bridget Jones&quot; with Jones' allusions to &quot;Pride and Prejudice.&quot;<br />However, &quot;Confessions of a Shopaholic&quot; is a lot of fun. The story (plot may be overstating it) concerns Becky Bloomwood,a young financial journalist in London. She can tell other people how to save money-and she does, for a living. Yet she can't curtail her own spending one iota. The trials and tribulations of her trying to stop her shopping sprees are very funny: for example, a self help book which encourages her to &quot;treasure and break bread with her friends&quot; (and bread ends up being at a very posh restaurant). Of course, she has the inevitable romantic entanglements-in her case with two of Britain's wealthiest bachelors. And thus, she has her integrity tested.<BR>If you like &quot;chick lit,&quot; you should enjoy this book. It's lighter and frothier than &quot;Bridget Jones&quot; or &quot;I Don't Know How She Does It&quot;; it's also a faster read.<BR>A great beach book...
B000002UB6|4.0|This album has been criticised probably more than any other original Beatles album, from the songs themselves to the over-production of Phil Spector. My advice: buy it yourself and listen to it. I think you will hear an album that, while a bit thin in places, is still a pretty good collection of songs. And Spector's production, while rightly slammed as over-the-top on \\"The Long and Winding Road\\" (and let's face it -- that's one of McCartney's sappiest songs anyway), was pretty solid on the rest of the package! \\"Across the Universe\\", for example, was vastly improved over the silly original version on PAST MASTERS VOLUME 2. Spector slowed it down, jettisoned the amateurish backing vocal provided by a couple of fans herded into the studio during the recording of this beautiful Lennon creation, and gave it a gentle orchestral and choral accompaniment that suited the song. Likewise, the swirling strings and dramatic choir on George's \\"I Me Mine\\" give this song a lot of power -- as do Harrison's surging guitar lines. I also like Spector's mix of \\"Let It Be\\" better than the original single, heard on PAST MASTERS. He enhances the whole sound of this song -- not just through orchestration, but by expanding Ringo's drums, and especially his high-hat cymbals, giving them an elegant, \\"music hall\\" feeling. And the guitar solo is full of passion and power -- much more stinging than on the PAST MASTERS version. Perhaps Spector's best touch however, was the crisp clear guitar sound we hear on the album's opening track, \\"Two Of Us\\".  And it's also fair to say that Spector wasn't the only one to get carried away with strings on a Beatles' record; George Martin went a bit overboard on \\"Good Night\\" on the \\"WHITE ALBUM\\".   Some of the songs on LET IT BE were recorded in the Beatles' own Apple Studios (the only album the group recorded there) and some during their live gig up on the rooftop of the building -- and the little snatches of chat we hear from both venues add a charming elementto the CD. There are other pretty good songs here -- \\"Dig a Pony\\" has some great guitar work and of course \\"Get Back\\" is a super McCartney stomper. Billy Preston's keyboard on that song is deserving of all the praise it's received over the years, but often overlooked is John Lennon's country guitar solos -- some of his best guitar work as a Beatle. Yes, I even like George's \\"For You Blue\\" -- maybe not one of his better songs, but it's infectious. (I won't bother to comment on the two little mini-songs here -- \\"Dig It\\" and \\"Maggie Mae\\".) We all know the band was certainly in poor spirits through the recording of this album, and consequently, that's what most reviewers focus on. But it's also worth noting there are more joint vocals on LET IT BE than there were on \\"The White Album\\" -- and there's a very interesting weaving of two songs -- one from Paul and one from John -- on \\"I've Got a Feeling\\". The band even resurrected a song from their early early days -- \\"The One After 909\\" -- to show they hadn't forgotten the long and winding road they travelled. A final, personal note -- this was the first record album I ever bought --- wayyyy back when I was a teen! Just my luck! I was finally allowed to buy records, just after my all-time favourite band was breaking up forever! But it came with a thick, lavish book full of pictures from the movie for which it was the soundtrack -- and THAT is a collector's item! I'm glad I own LET IT BE -- both on vinyl and now on CD.
0375414932|5.0|Once again William Boyd has produced a jewel.  His ability to bring true history into a novel is totally unmatched. But even Boyd has outdone his last few publications with &quot;Any Human Heart,&quot; not since &quot;Brazzaville Beach&quot; has he written such a page turner.  This book flows effortlessly from cracking good tale to tragic reflection.  His creation of this heroic character Logan Mountstuart left me crying at certain points in the book, and I can assure you I have never done that while reading a book before.  Boyd uses a diary as a vehicle to detail the facts and emotions of Logan's life, and this adds to the drama, suspense and pain of his story.  <br />If you have the time and you are looking for a summer assignment, go to the book store and purchase William Boyd's library.  Read them in any order you like.  But if you are looking for one excellent example of this writer's genius, then Any Human Heart is a great place to start.  I cannot recommend any book more highly.
B00004SYWZ|5.0|This album is worth every penny solely because of the title track.  MINOR EARTH MAJOR SKY (the song) is absolutely fantastic and the best song on the album.  That's not to say the other songs aren't good, because they are.  Definitely an album that should be had by all.
B000083E79|1.0|Being a (Sonny and) Cher fan for over 30 years,their music didn't set the world on fire,but made a lasting impression on pop music.This cd is a rehash of Greatest Hits after Greatest Hits Cds.I prefer to see the real Cher.From her back up days with Phil Spector,including hr first recording as Bonnie Jo Mason and Cherilyn to the dance diva she has become.Alot of other singers have had unreleased box sets.It's time for (Sonny and)Cher to have theirs.Ranging from Atco through Imperial to Kapp to MCA&lt;Warner Bros,Columbia,Geffen back to Warner Bros.That would really be worth buying.Not just the same songs only to be replaced by a diffferent photo.
0671027387|4.0|Thought it well written, well plotted, even probable based on my own knowledge of the mysterious workings of Federal agencies.<br />But the denouement was quirky.  The &quot;Controllers&quot; ultimate identity made no sense to me and was a total non-sequiteur to &quot;Controller&quot; characterization by author and his motivation was murkey as the Trench.<br />I do recommend the book.  However, it is not the page turner, can't put it down that the Demons &amp; Angels book was.<br />Perhaps a small bone to pick is the Author's very stilted and unauthentic dialogue between his male and female leads in the &quot;personal attraction/interaction&quot; arena.  It is a jarring note in the otherwise good writing.  Totally unbelievable to me and very &quot;junior high-school&quot; kinda stuff.  This was true in the 2 books so far I've read.  In my opinion the male/female chemistry thing could be left out without damaging the story line at all.  It seems very forced and contrived the way it is offerred in the storyline.<br />Also am going to read the DaVinci Code with hope in my heart as I think Mr. Brown is a good writer in most all ways that I judge that to be so.
B000065VB9|5.0|Reading all the positive reviews of the CD, and that fact that no one understands what this song  is about, i thought I'd explain.<br />  Its about a European TV show/ live game show called in England &quot;its a knockout&quot; or in France &quot;Jeux sans frontiere&quot;, literally translated as &quot;games without frontiers&quot;.<br />  The show was a wacky battle between various towns in Europe. <BR>IE, one town from England, one france, one belgium etc, about 8 countries each week. Its very had to explain, but the contestants would dress up in costumes and perform different and silly races etc&quot;.<br />  For all I know it may still be on, but as I left England in the late 70's I am not sure.<br />  Note that the acrimony etc with which Gabriel describes this event is because, although supposed to be friendly and fun, there was much cheating and sabotage going on, many teams brought in pro atheletes as ringers etc.
B000092ZYX|5.0|it's pretty safe to say that this is one of the most anticipated albums of the past couple years, even after all of the flack the band has taken over \\"kid a\\" and \\"amnesiac.\\"  i won't lie to you, \\"hail to the thief\\" is not the return to \\"the bends\\" that so many others have claimed.  i would say that this album is the next logical step for radiohead to take in their career.<br />overall, the album progresses nicely.  no lulls, nothing that really feels out of place.  which should be expected from a band who have been recording together since the '90s.<br />the first single, \\"there there,\\" was probably a wise choice as it is perhaps the most accessible song on the album.  it isn't the anthem that \\"creep\\" was years ago, but it's certainly more upbeat than \\"fake plastic trees.\\"  if you live somewhere with a decent radio station, you should expect to hear this one a lot this summer.<br />beyond the first single, my early favorite from the album is \\"myxomatosis.\\"  there's just something about a song named after a rabbit disease that intrigues me.  plus any song that gives a voice to a mongrel cat has to be good.  give it a listen.  and don't worry about trying to understand thom yorke, the lyrics are in the liner notes.
B00008LDPU|5.0|Instead of reviewing the entire thing I'll just review the actual movies(mostly). <br />Final Flight of the Osiris-<BR>This short was made by the Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within people and is just gorgeous. The opening fight sequence was pretty much unessecary but fun enough that you don't care anyway. The story is basically about...well the final flight of the Osiris, and how they discover the army digging to Zion. It is also one of the two shorts that actually relate directly to the movie The Matrix: Reloaded.<br />The Second Renaissance Parts I & II-<BR>This short shows the rise of the machines and the fall of humanity. The war and everything that led up to it. Second Renaissance has plenty of CG parts which is to be expected from the people who brought you Blue Submarine No. 6.  Although this time the CG and drawn animation actually blend well together. A thing that contradicts the movies in this is that it says everything is from the Zion database but in the first film they said they didn't know who struck first but Second Renaissanc says who did. Maybe they actually found out who knows. Anyway this is another one of the great films that you'll watch over and over and over and...<br />Kid's Story-<BR>This is the only other film that relates to The Matrix Reloaded directly but you have to see the movie and pay attention to know how. Anywho this film is made by the Cowboy Bebop crew and has a new type of animation on it's side. The animation is made to look like the artists original sketch just with color but the thing is it takes twice as many cels to do it so don't say they were lazy. Overall another great film.<br />Program-<BR>Thi is probably the most traditionally anime of the bunch. Created by the Ninja Scroll people this film is about a woman in a simulation who is forced to fight against her friend who is trying to go back to live in The Matrix. This one is very cool. The fighting is great and everything.<br />World Record-<BR>This one was written by the guy behind Ninja Scroll, but was animated by Madhouse. The animation is...odd, but creative at the same time. Unfortunately it's not that great. In fact I think it really [bad] especially the agents and the way they look. This will be one you won't care about but for maybe one minute so you can know what's happening.<br />Beyond-<BR>This is about a girl who is trying to find her pet cat who wanders off into a haunted house. The haunted house is actually a glitch in the Matrix. The girl and some other kids go to the house and play because of all the weird things they can do like throwing a glass bottle to the ground and when it hits it breaks but freezes before hitting the ground and then fixes itself and comes back. An interesting short and worth your time<br />A Detective Story-<BR>This is a cool film brought to you by the Cowboy Bebop people.  The film is about a private detective who's promises to get out of the business if the next person that calls is a suspicious husband.  Well the next person instead is a program(obviously) who wants him to find a hacker that goes by the alias Trinity. When he asks who he'll be working for he doesn;t recieve an answer and is about to hang up when he is given $800,000 which is put into his bank account and so it begins. A great film that you and everyone else should like.<br />Matriculated-<BR>I'm not even going to waste my time explaining it's TERRIBLE!<br />Well that's all but make sure you check out the special features they're actually pretty awesome compared to other anime DVD's
B00008977N|1.0|I like Peter Gabriel.  I loved his music with Genesis.  I loved \\"Shock the Monkey\\".  And I loved his \\"So\\" album.  But this concert, I did not like.  The reason being that he lip-synchs throughout the show.  Apparently, this is done to enhance the actual \\"showiness\\" of the concert.  That might be ok, if there were an interesting story or theme to become involved in, but here it was all just so boring.  I just couldn't take the fakeness of it all.  In addition, the song selection did not flow together.  Did I mention this concert was boring?  Sorry to all fans of Peter Gabriel.  As I said, I think he's made great music in the past (I have every CD he made with Genesis), but this was not his finest hour.
0441172717|5.0|The Dune series is the pinnacle of fiction.  There are many other examples of fictional worlds within which epic adventures are set--Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings and Asimov's The Foundation Series being two such examples.  Dune stands above these and all the rest.  It is such a classic of science fiction that it requires reading on that basis alone.<br />The first book, Dune, introduces the series and is a true science fiction action adventure.  It is a complete story in itself.  You can safely undertake reading the first book without feeling you have to read the entire series, but after reading this I'll bet you read the next and the next until you've read them all.<br />The following two books in the series complete the original trilogy and bring a closure of sorts.  Sometime later Herbert started writing additional stories to extend the saga forward into the future.  He completed three additional books before his premature death to cancer.<br />What makes the Dune books such standouts is the combination of a masterfully woven story with many intricacies and subplots; a complex and richly detailed world; and a philosophical underpinning that ties everything together.  It is in the additional three books to the series that the philosophy is explored and developed, and that's why as great as the first book is, the fourth book, God Emperor of Dune is my favorite.<br />I mourned the day that Herbert died, knowing that there would be no more installments in the series.  After reading the Dune series many years ago in college I went out and bought most of Herbert's other books.  The strange thing is that I would swear someone else wrote them.  His other books are mostly B-grade science fiction novels--not terrible, but certainly no hint of the greatness represented in the Dune series.  His son Brian Herbert has collaborated on some additional volumes that fill in rather than extend the series, but these do not satisfy the same need for the world to continue.  Alas, at least there are these six books to read again...
0064407667|2.0|Ok, I'm 15, and therefore a bit older than the target audience, but I decided to read the first two books of the series last year when I was bored (my sister owns every one). I'm a big fan of the Harry Potter, Roal Dahl, Artemis Fowl, and His Dark Materials books, but I fail to see what so many kids like about this series. I'm not complaining that it's too creepy or violent, since I don't think it is, but the plot and characters don't interest me at all. Unfortunately, this Lemony Snicket has realized that taking orphans and having bad things happen to them equals big sales and a big fan base. It's too bad that so many kids are reading these subpar books. Most older readers will probably notice the many flaws in them. First of all, the only reason they seem to be orphans is that Harry Potter is, and it seems to translate into sales. The main characters aren't interesting in the least, and have absolutely no personality. Now, my biggest complaint is the constant \\"unfortunate events.\\" It's not that it's depressing, but it just becomes boring and repetitive. Without some bright spots, how are we supposed to care about these kids, when we know that nothing but bad things will happen? Anytime they seem to meet a nice person, they die or become separated from the main characters. Aside from the irritating word definitions, the writing style is decent, which is one of the few good things I have to say about these books. Just skip these, and read Harry Potter a few more times (or read Artemis Fowl, His Dark Materials, and Roal Dahl's books if you haven't done so already).
B000063DFN|5.0|Iron Maiden stands as one of the most respected and legendary metal bands of all time, and this album is one of the main reasons for their status as such.  It's a very consistent album from beginning to end, with some truly spectacular highlights to be found through out.  Though I do not play the guitar and am thus no expert on the subject, the guitarwork found here is some of the most impressive I've ever heard. No other band I've heard plays with such speed and intricacy particularly during the seemingly constant harmonized leads, and the solos are generally excellent as well. ( Though perhaps not as good as on some of their other albums.)  One very minor complaint is that the liner notes do not specify who plays each individual solo, which I like to know when a band has multiple lead guitarists. Steve Harris truly stands alone amongst metal bassists partially because of his prominence in the mix, but largely because of his unbelievable speed and endurance.  Nicko is perhaps the least impressive one here, but he's still quite good.  I'm not as in love with Bruce Dickinson as most metal fans, but he's still a very good and distinctive vocalist with very impressive range and technique.<br />Those of you who, like me, are of the younger generations who became familiar with later, heavier and more aggressive metal styles may need some time to get used to the lighter, more melodic style, but I can virtually guarantee you that it will grow on you.  The riffs may not pound or crunch like they do in later bands, but they are still well written, nicely varied and memorable.  They are also pretty distinct, in that they combine straight chord riffing with the greater emphasis on harmonized and melodic guitar lines providing the rhythm guitar base.  The prominent basslines rarely mirror the rhythm guitars, which makes the music denser and more complex than many other metal bands.  The song structures also continue to grow in length and complexity, with more riffs and longer instrumental sections.  Fortunately it never gets bogged down in excess complexity.<br />Aces High opens the album. It's a particularly fast piece with a very memorable, classic Maiden chorus and fun, if very disposable lyrics.  2 Minutes to Midnight is next, and is the second best track on the album.  It's darker, heavier and slower (though still fast) than the previous track, but has another great chorus and a very strong vocal performance as a whole.  Losfer Words is the instrumental, and is perhaps the low point of the album, though it is still pretty good.  It could use more solos and a few more riffs, but it's still enjoyable.  Flash of the Blade is another highlight, with probably the single most memorable main riff on the album and good contrast between the driving verses and the more melodic choruses. (Something typical of Iron Maiden)  It also has a particularly stunning harmony portion starting about 2 minutes in to the track. The Duellists is an interesting piece, as it is heavily instrumental, with a 3  minute instrumental section contained in a 6 minute song.  Fortunately this instrumental portion is one of the best on the album, which makes it another strong track.  Back in the Village has another great main riff.  It's perhaps has little to distinguish itself from what has come before, but it's still a quality track.  Powerslave is a particularly distinctive piece; It's the slowest, grooviest track on the album, and has a cool, eastern feel to it.  It has some truly awesome solos and a great quieter and ominous section with a melodic riff very reminiscent of that found in the bridge of the song Phantom Lord.  The famed Rime of the Ancient Mariner closes the album.  I was very interested in hearing this 13  minute epic, though I was a bit concerned that it's fame was due to it's great length rather than it's quality.  Fortunately, I was wrong.  This is definitely the best song on the album, and perhaps the best Iron Maiden song I've ever heard.  It's got a great gallop going on and outstanding vocals, particularly when they're harmonized.  The riffs are excellent throughout and it manages not to get excessively repetitious or very disjointed due to its great length.  The soft and moody bridge is quite effective and rather creepy as well. Impressively, this song only contains 2 fairly brief solos. I love guitar solos, but long tracks often have endless and tedious solos sections, which this thankfully avoids. All in all, this is an outstanding and beautifully crafted song.<br />In short, Powerslave is a masterpiece of classic metal, and no one should be with out it. Buy it now!t's got a great gallop going on and outstanding vocals, particularly when they're harmonized.  The riffs are excellent throughout and it manages not to get excessively repetitious or very disjointed due to its great length.  The soft and moody bridge is quite effective and rather creepy as well. Impressively, this song only contains 2 fairly brief solos. I love guitar solos, but long tracks often have endless and tedious solos sections, which this thankfully avoids. All in all, this is an outstanding and beautifully crafted song.<br />In short, Powerslave is a masterpiece of classic metal, and no one should be with out it. Buy it now!
B00005OM4N|1.0|This is probably one of the worst albums I've ever heard.  Britney Spears CANNOT SING.  I don't understand why people can't see that.  The songs that she tries to sing are a bit silly.  I am actually embarassed for her.  She's only made it because she was marketed right, has the right look and can dance.
B000092ZYX|5.0|I was rather surprised to read on the greenplastic website that Thom Yorke's inspiration for the album was driving in the twilight at dusk listening to eerie classical music because before having ever read it, the very first time I heard 'Where I End You Begin', the song reminded me of one summer dusk when everything was dark and fuzzy (but not dark enough, which caused me distress) and I was just sad for no reason about life after having watched a forgettable horror movie that was cheesier than it was scary, the end shot being that of the main character frozen with a dagger in her hand like the geisha doll that had been haunting her throughout the flick (I was no older than 10). In no other points in my life have I felt a greater pang of sadness, even compared to the time when I experienced feelings of depression because of unrequited love (during my belated 'Creep' days).<BR>Cynicism runs through all of Radiohead's albums like blood through our veins, but thus far, it's also been balanced by a degree of hope through our dreams, which, at first small and realistic ('I want a perfect body, I want a perfect soul'), has become bigger and ever more strange, invoking angels ('I call up my friend the good angel') and then other bizarre imaginary figures ('Dinosaurs were alien'). In Hail to the Thief, the 'dinosaurs [still] roam the earth', but now there's a degree of sadness that is entwined with a taste of resignation -- acceptance of life as it is -- futile and haphazardly: 'I only wish I could fall in a moving target in a firing range'. The progression of their music doesn't necessarily represent my generation (or the one before it) nor its development through our alienating time, but I'm sure there are others like me who, in listening, listen to their very specific, internal and perhaps forgotten little life stories.
0385504209|4.0|We loved &quot;Da Vinci Code&quot;: it is definitely a fast-paced read, that I would compare to Michael Crichton's &quot;Timeline&quot;.  The author provides many interesting and amusing bits and pieces of art history mixed with curious knowledge of religous symbolism.  The book will be especially interesting for those who traveled to places described in the book (London, Paris) but will provide a light and entertaining summer reading for everyone.  I also appreciated somewhat feminist-related plot in the book<br />Hope this helps.
0385504209|2.0|This is a fairly well thought out thriller, but it becomes apparent soon enough that the main thrust of this book is that The Bible is not the word of God, but just a collection of fiction.<br />There are plenty of good books that don't make a Christian feel dirty reading them. This one is a waste of time.
B000092ZYX|5.0|Following Radioheads most recent albums, the electronically driven, layered and textured 'Kid A' and 'Amnesiac', many were hoping for a return to guitar based rock music. Whilst there is definately a more organic and looser feel to this new collection of songs, the music is still riven with elements of jazz, electronica and 'world' music (sorry, but I hate that term). <br />However, the album opens with '2+2=5', which sounds exactly like the predicted 'return to rock'. A guitar is plugged into an amp, and the band launch into a tricksy but beautiful sequence of edgy minor key guitar arpeggios. This then explodes into gritty, punky spaghetti rock a la 'Paranoid Android' or 'Just'. The lyrics too seem to express something far clearer than anything on Kid A or Amnesiac, with Yorke's cursory warning that 'it's the devils way now...there is no way out'. The track stands as one of the most exhilaring things Radiohead have recorded. It goes straight into 'Sit Down. Stand Up', which explores the same idea of an overwhelming power crushing everything in it's way. The song begins with an austere clicktrack and circling piano riff, and builds and builds in intensity before exploding into a mesh of quasi-junglist beats, frenetic drumming and cheesy laser sonud effects, against whichYorke repeatedly intones 'The Raindrops'.<br />'Sail To The Moon' is reminiscent of Pyramid Song from Amnesiac in it's gentle, graceful grandeur, with blissful piano and guitar, and poignant lyrics. 'Backdrifts' may initially put those off who've been enjoying an album largely free of electronica, but it is one of the catchiest and most direct tracks in the album. In particular, the chorus 'You fell into our arms...we tried but there was nothing we could do' is a moment of unexpected romance. 'Go to Sleep' will be the next single, which is surprising given that it is one of the weaker and more aimless tracks on the album. Pretty acoustics aside, the track goes nowhere, instead wandering around Neil Young esque guitar riffs and odd time signatures.<br />'Where I end and you begin' is a breezy, funky track, with ethereal keyboards and opaque lyrics about cannibalism, but again it doesn't really go anywhere. 'We Suck Young Blood' is one of the most startling tracks on the album, with its incredibly downbeat tone and slow handclaps, over which Yorke sings tongue in cheek of wanting 'the young blood/sweet meat'. 'The Gloaming' is this albums major concession to scratchy IDM, with Yorke making references to 9/11 ('murderers, you murderers') against a wall of sparse beats and noises. <br />First single 'There There' is one of the most straightforwardly 'rock' tracks Radiohead have made in the last few years, and begins an incredible sequence of six tracks that finishthe album. It starts with two sets of pounding tom tom drums and jangly  guitar and builds and builds to am amzing endpiece with the kind of arpeggaited guitar line you thought they'd stopped doing. It sounds a little like Bjork doing a rock song in the mid 90s, and it sounds amazing. 'I will' is an affecting 2 minute hymn to Iraqi families bombed in the first Gulf war, and is an absolutely haunting and beautiful combination of dolorous guitar and multitracked vocals. 'A Punch Up at a wedding' is a very English tirade against those who '... on our parade'. Its really quite funny, and is set against a cool paino led funky track. 'Myxamatosis' is reminiscent of 'The National Anthem' from Kid A, with its huge fuzz bass riff. Its another cool and funky track, and worth sticking around for the weird keyboards. 'Scatterbrain' could almost be a track off 'The Bends', with Yorkes crooning against a series of pretty guitar chords. It provides a very accessible listen for those who might not be sure about Radiohead. The closing track, 'A Wolf at the Door', is one of the strangest things Rdaiohead have done, and reminds me of nothing so much as late period Beatles. Over a carnivalesque, tumbling, and catchy guitar arpeggio, Yorke rap-sings (think David Byrne from Talking Heads) a free form chain of thought list of, well, stuff. Both beautiful and scary, it hardly seems a very grand way to finish the album, but is somehow apt, with the feeling that Yorke has got it all out of his system.<br />This album may disappint those who were expecting some kind of 'OK Computer' 2 (as Thom Yorke has suggeted), but it is none the less and engaging and relatively accesiable album that is full of tracks you'll end up addicted to. It could do with a little editing around it's flabby midsection, but this is more than made up for by the quality of many of the tracks here. This is proabaly a 4 1/2 star album, but I've fallen in love with it instantly, so I'm biased!
B00008G9JO|4.0|Is this not poetry? It's lovely, that's what it is. Try using it as a screen saver! I wanted to include that lyric here despite having written one review already. And the song to the weathercock -- what a fanciful idea. I like it.
B00005JLKB|5.0|Sept. 23!!! Before the Legend...Before the Icon...He was a teenager growing up in Smallville. The complete first season of the groundbreaking series that chronicles the life of the boy who would be Superman is flying onto DVD in a 6-disc collector's set with super bonus features<br />Audio Commentary : Pilot and First Episode <BR>DVD ROM Features : Link to Smallville site featuring added bonus material <BR>Deleted Scenes : Pilot <BR>Interactive tour of Smallville <BR>Storyboards <BR>TV Spot<br />WOO-HOO!!
B00008G9JO|4.0|Every song here is a winner with me except for &quot;No Lullaby,&quot; which seems to long and...&quot;heavy.&quot; Highlights: &quot;The Rover,&quot; &quot;One Brown Mouse,&quot; and &quot;Heavy Horses.&quot; I haven't heard the remaster yet, but I know &quot;Living in These Hard Times&quot; from the 20 Years set, and it's one of Tull's best songs. Autumnal feeling to the whole album, quite unified. Frost on the pumpkin and all that... Ian's love for the horses, and by extension nature, is apparent.
B00008S2VG|3.0|Well, I have been listening to Madonna Since the very beginning.  I even saw the episode originally when she was on American Bandstand.  I love her and have all of her albums.  I must say Madonna always has a message and a meaning to her songs and she definately hasn't made any exceptions to this particular album.  I was really impressed with her \\"Music\\" cd.  I thought she did acceptionally wonderful with her change of music style.  I was a bit dissappointed with her new album.  Not that I haven't listened to it at least 100 times now.  I love all the songs on this cd, all except \\"Mother and Father\\" and \\"Die another Day.\\"  Madonna doesn't look back to the past, and she evolves so much that I can't imagine what she'll do next.  I highly recommend this album, just don't expect it to be as great as her last one.  oh, i bought the limited edition cd, don't buy the limited edition cd.  The only thing extra you get is a link to a website, a bad fold out poster, and a box that it goes in.
0385335482|4.0|I thought this book was very delightful.  I myself am a shopaholic, I really related with the book.  I just don't like the ending, sure it is a great &quot;happy&quot; ending, but not very realistic for the typical woman.
B000089CJI|5.0|Found this band by accident and am now totally hooked.  Melodies and arrangements could't be better.  Will definately be adding this CD to my collection.
0345440900|1.0|This book promises much and delivers little.  As a new mom I derived some hope from the seemingly simple advice in this book that it would help me and my daughter - for example in getting more sleep!  But it in fact led to some very upsetting and frustrating nights where she was hungry and I was trying to 'teach' her to sleep!  A really bad idea.  Luckily my husband suggested getting rid of the book - the only baby care book which we bought and have not kept.  Don't buy it...don't try it.
6304140428|4.0|This was my dad's favorite movie with Richard Burton and Elizabeth Taylor.  Their classic chemistry hit an all time high in this feature.  Taylor probably has one her strongest and most memorable roles and Burton strides right beside her.  It is a bit dated obviously but some things are just timeless.
B00008OWZC|5.0|All I can say is this:  I've been waiting for more live Zeppelin (the BBC sessions didn't do it for me) ever since I first heard 'The Song Remains the Same.'  It's about time.  This album is absolutely fabulous--Zeppelin at their best.  The sound quality is surprisingly good, much better than I would have expected from recordings made in the 70's.  Led Zeppelin was one of the greatest bands of all time, and this is a great collection of live hits from the first half (or so) of their careers.
B00003CXXP|2.0|With a running time of over 2 and a half hours, AI tests your stamina with long shots centering on the actors faces, especially Osments, or pondering the themes with dark images and voice overs by William Hurt.  I wanted to like this movie, but the pace was too slow and plodding.  To make it worse, Speilberg's 'I've got them in the theater, so I can do what I want' sense of pushing the envelope really went overboard when he continued the movie at the end with an extreme distance future scene.  After we are shown an ending, he decides he wants to tack on another ending.  Elaborating on the themes even more so and stretching our patience with no remorse.  We get the picture Steven, no need to pound it into our heads!  I am a Speilberg fan, don't get me wrong.  And I appreciate him taking on a picture with such moving emotions, not many good.  The Pinochcio parrallels not withstanding, it may have been better if he didn't feel like he could take such liberties.  This is not a kids movie, kids will hate this movie.  Yet it seems to try to appeal to the whole family.  Be warned, this is a very serious journey into lost family and abandonment and should not be considered for family fun entertainment, despite the neat special effects.
B000002KGT|5.0|...I hated this album when it came out because-- well, just because.  Same reason I hated Boston and Fly Like an Eagle.  It was too popular, too opulent, too oft played on the radio.  I didn't give it a fair shake until around 1983, after being momentarily intrigued by Tusk (a masterpiece too), Mirage, and the single of summer '81 that was Lindsey's solo piece of cotton candy for the ear, \\"Trouble.\\"<br />So how does it sound 25 years on?  It sounds great, it counds classic.  It sounds like the very best of the Beach Boys, the Mamas and the Papas, and everything good (that's right, good) about the 70s.  It shimmers, it boils, it seethes.  Itr sticks in your teeth.  I won't even go into the human drama that provided the context and undercurrent-- you have cable, you've seen the Behind the Music.  Instead, listen to the way that Lindsey's subtle production touches make Stevie's (often innocuouos) songs sound so good.  Listen, for example, to his pained wail in the background at the end of \\"Gold Dust Woman\\"-- it totally makes the song.  Listen to the simplicity and melodicism of \\"Never Going Back Again.\\"  Listen to the way his harmony vocals wrap around Christine McVie's voice to push \\"Don't Stop\\" over the top.<br />This is a timeless and brilliant album that sounds better than you remember.  Buy it, wait for a sunny breezy day, pop it into the car stereo, roll down the windows, and step into pop heaven.<br />I'd be remiss if I didn't mention too that the band features the only rhythm section in the world that can do justice to Lindsey's magic.<br />Also recommended: the new Say You Will; Tusk; Tango In the Night (Lindsey does some of those songs all by himself), and his solo work, especially the last two of the three.
B00005JLPK|5.0|Frida and Salma Hayek did good. This is a beautiful movie. It's weird and quirky and it will make some uncomfortable and disgusted. But in that it remains faithful to the artist. It does mainly explore the sensational side of Frida but then it is a movie after all. The aclaim this movie recieved was justified.
6301224612|4.0|Bruce Springsteen is quite a performer in a live concert setting.  Fortunately many of the clips feature Bruce in concert over the years.  I really like the opening Rosalita whre Bruce  dances and prances around the stage and the ladies go wild.  The body guards had a busy time at that concert.  Dancing In The Dark is another concert highlights as Bruce is in fine form.  Its truly a highlight when he dances with a lady from the adueience.  Fire and Born To Run are other highlights from the concert stage.<br />As far as videos go, many of the songs from Born In The USA are quite captivating.  Super footage from I'm On Fire depicting Bruce's infatuation with a lady. Also I like Glory Days and the baseball scenes coupled with Bruce performing in a Jersey bar.  Stevie Van Zandt and Clarence look like they are having fun mugging for the camera.<br />I would have liked to have seen more songs from Bruce's earlier releases.  Other than that, this is an enjoyable video of one fo the legendary performers of our time, Bruce Springsteen.
B00003CXBK|5.0|This is simply an amazing movie. As animated movies go this is one of the best in secent years. It is also suitable both for children and adults. It can be viewed both for entertainment enjoyment and on a more serious level. Indeed it brings up a lot of cultural and moral issues but there is no doubt that it is still an exploration in fantasy. This is already considered by many to be a classic and a \\"must-have\\" and this is justified. It definetely has that intriguing foreign flavor but everyone can identify with it.
B000002G8N|4.0|This recording shows the influence of Clapton bandmate, the brilliant British guitarist Albert Lee, who generally played a ountry guitar style with a jazz edge, but could easily play rock and blues with the same brilliant technical quality     The songs are varied ranging from country, swing Jazz, rock and blues influences.    For the most part, good qualilty non commercial material in a mellow tone.    An album to relax to without becoming bored if played to often.    Very underated.    For songwriting, performance and production it gets an 8/10    By the way, why does Amazon include a 'NO' in 'was this review helpful to you?'. People are only human and don't like opinions that differ from themselves, thus the 'NO' makes it too easy express such displeasure.     Are they trying to discourage negative reviews, hence not purchase the CD. Such reviews only help a person in not being dissatisfied a product that received positive reviews
B00006FDCD|3.0|I would first like to let one and all know that I love the book, Stephen King's It.  The book, It, is probably one of the best books he has ever written.  Yes it is long, about as long as his redone version of The Stand. The reason for this is the complexity of the storyline.  One chapter, then one section, leads to the next, growing more and more frightening and yet also funny, endearing, and charming.  I love the book and would give it five stars no holds bar.<br />The movie.  Well the movie.  Its not bad, I mean it is not pathetically bad, at least the kid's part of it.  The kids fit the part and Pennywise is powerfully done.  The problem though is this, they spent too little time with the kids.  The heart of the novel was the kid's adventure...concluding with the grow up version of the kids and their climatic battle with the \\"It\\".<br />What would have been good is if the producers had four nights worth of the movie.  Yes that doesn't work with tv executives because they are evil pointed hair bosses (forgive my mentioning someone from the Diblert comic strip).  Two days worth of the kid's story, two days worth of the adult version.  There would have been a whole better story.  The true complexity of the story would have been wonderful.<br />The adult section is where the problem is found.  They are all, all, really really bad actors.  They stumble along as if trying to remember each and every word of the script.  They do not convey the power of the adult version of the characters. You may agree, you may not.<br />If you dont want to read 1100 plus pages of a novel, then go have at the film in its cliff note version.  It has a few good scares, and I really like the kids part if nothing else.  It is the kid's part that really touched me from the book, and the first part of the tv version is good enough to make me smile.  Thus the reason I gave it 3 stars.
B00008DDXC|1.0|Why would you even bother watching this movie?<br />First off, the plot is horrible. Everything is the same as the first just about. I don't even know why you would waste hours of your time. The acting is unbearable, and the director is horrid.<br />The special effects (Especially the wanna-be elf) are *so* corny it isn't even funny.<br />All in all, one of the worst movies of the year. Although, what could you expect being adapted from a script written by one of the worst authors out there, where the book has no point, or plot?
B000066NW0|3.0|i expected alot more from avril her voice is good and some songs are fine but wow she dresses like a boy
B000002J0P|5.0|Crosby, Stills, & Nash's debut is a fantastic album and arguably their best. Simply put, this is a classic album with excellent songs, beautiful harmonies, and stellar musicianship. Several tracks from this album are still standards on album-oriented radio. All three members are in top form here. Leading the way is their most popular and memorable track, Stephen Stills' \\"Suite: Judy Blue Eyes\\", a beautiful song which has not aged one day since its original release. He also contributes the classic acoustic tracks \\"Helplessly Hoping\\" and \\"You Don't Have To Cry\\", which are two of the band's best examples of their soaring harmonies. David Crosby's \\"Guinnevere\\" and \\"Long Time Gone\\" are classic rock standards and are two of the best tracks in his long and illustrious career. Graham Nash also wrote some of his best pop songs here with \\"Marrakesh Express\\", \\"Pre-Road Downs\\", and \\"Lady of the Island.\\"  But the strongest track would have to be \\"Wooden Ships\\", written by Crosby, Stills, and Paul Kantner of Jefferson Airplane. This is a powerful track with excellent lyrics and an awesome performance by the band. While CSN would release a few other strong albums after this, such as the excellent Deja Vu album, this is the band at their best. Highly recommended.
0375432302|5.0|I am not into adult novels (I am a 5th grade teacher I read novels appropriate for their level that do not have bad words-...) but this one has an enterntaining story.  It is original in the sense that  it takes historical myths (The Holy Grail which is the backbone of this novel) and makes it a novel. Besides that, there many historical assertions that are innacurate (read the previous reviews).  At some points I laughed at the absurdity when it refers to Jesus being married, having children with Mary Magdalene etc... As a person with some theological background and a Christian I found it enterntaining. To add to the innacuracies:the phrase \\"P&aacute;lido como una fantasma\\" is incorrect. Fantasma is masculine and should have the masculine article \\"un.\\" I should know this because I also teach Spanish.<br />Take this novel as its face value. IT'S A NOVEL! NOT A HISTORICAL ACCOUNT. ENJOY!
0783114893|3.0|....and with those words, an odyssey of terror is about to unfold, as young Jim Halsey (C. Thomas Howell) ignores the wisest advice ever given and stops to pick up a hitchhiker. Jim is doing a job for a drive away company, driving a car cross country from Chicago to California, when he does this. John Ryder (Rutger Hauer), the hitcher of the title, quickly admits to dismembering the last guy who picked him up, with this exchange.<br />RYDER:He didn't walk very far though.<BR>JIM: Why?<BR>RYDER: Because I cut off his legs. and his arms. and his head. and I'm going to do the same to you.<br />Of course, Jim manages to kick Ryder out of the car. He thinks the terror is over, but it is only just beginning, as Ryder starts a game of cat-and-mouse with Jim, forcing him to take desperate measures to stop this lunatic....<br />All actors turn in good performances, including Hauer, in one of his early movies. Once again, HBO releases a bare bones release of a good movie. Video is watchable, but the first 20 minutes or so seem to be projected out of a screen door. It's not as bad as it sounds, and night scenes are not a mess, as you may hear, but it's irritating for HBO to do this. Audio fares better than video. Much better. Extras. Well, does cast bios, menus, and a creepy trailer sound good? Yes to the trailer, no to the rest. HBO, us fans of old Johnny Ryder want a special edition, seeing as how the sequel is coming out on video soon. Anyway, good until a special edition is released.<br />THE HITCHER <BR>(1986, R)<br />John Ryder: Rutger Hauer<BR>Jim Halsey: C. Thomas Howell<BR>Nash Galveston: Jennifer Jason Leigh<BR>Capt. Esteridge: Jefferey DeMunn<BR>Sgt. Starr: John M. Jackson<BR>Trooper Donner: Billy Green Bush<br />Director: Robert Harmon<BR>Writer: Eric Red<br />MOVIE: 5<BR>VIDEO: 3<BR>AUDIO: 4<BR>EXTRAS: 3<BR>MENUS: 3<BR>OVERALL: 3<br />Remember: Never pick up a stranger.
630018157X|5.0|I watched this film as part of TCM's Salute to Gregory Peck, one of the greatest actors ever to grace the screen. He was great in the two versions of \\"Moby Dick\\" (as Ahab in the 1956 Version, and as Father Mapple in the 1998 USA Miniseries), and was excellent in \\"To Kill a Mockingbird.\\" As for this film, Peck put his heart and soul into his portrayal of one of history's greatest military generals: General Douglas MacArthur. The scenes dealing with other people and events tend to lag at times, but Peck's outstanding performance and the epic battle scenes (featuring  visual effects that are awesome for 1977) make this film a must-own!! Grade: A+
B00008S2VG|1.0|This is the worst cd i have ever heard.  Judging by the first 2 singles that are out now, hopefully some can spare themselves on this cd.  If you have unfortunately already bought it, use it as a stencil for a perfect circle.
6304698623|5.0|The main character in this movie grabs you by the sleeve and you go tumbling with her on a series of very high highs and very low lows and the whole time you are spell-bound by her imagination and stories of India and lovely cinematography and sets of the movie.  It's a sweet movie, but not so sweet that it becomese trite.
B00005OAA6|3.0|The weakest vocalist from the once media famous &quot;SPICE GIRLS&quot; released her solo CD that went nowhere on the charts in North America and made a very mild impact in her homeland.<br />If you were a SPICE GIRLS fan then you may question WHY ARE all their solo careers are going flat.<br />Honestly, this CD is not a bad pop experience, however, &quot;VICTORIA BECKHAM~The CD&quot; does lack a solid imprint, a unique style and a musical direction.<br />Mrs. Beckham's thin frigid vocals are impressively masked &amp;  enhanced. Vocally anything is possible when one dimensional vocalists are placed in a studio with the magical wonders of &quot;PRO TOOLS&quot;.<br />Surely it did not hurt to have a multi national label inject massive amounts of income to book countless hours in recording studios around the world.<br />However no amount of revenue can fix the big problem with this CD. It's the lack of emotional sparks from Mrs.Beckham vocal performance.<br />She sounds as if she does not enjoy the material she was given to present to the public.<br />The media frenzy surrounding the SPICE ladies has now become a thing of the past.<br />It's time for these &quot;old spicegals&quot; to rethink strategies with their old label!<br />We all realize that POP will go FLAT after it's been around for a while.<br />If you're a SPICE GIRLS fan, no amount of bad criticism is going to detract you from purchasing this product, however if you have a limited budget, I suggest for you to SKIP THIS ONE.
B000003TBP|5.0|There are some people who say that an albums worth can be determined by its longevity. Meaning: How long it remains interesting to hear, basically.<br />I can say that I've owned this album since its release (7 years ago) and it still brings me the same joy as the first year I owned it.<BR>Specifically: This album is a &quot;Beach Trip&quot; album, to me. There is something about the sound that works well with hot weather and the smell of the ocean (in my opinion).<br />Odelay contains a great fusion of different musical types. The result is a unique/creative/flowing album that embodies crisp beats &amp; inspiring melodies!<br />I highly recommend it!<br />Did I already say the beats are crisp! Daaamn, the recording quality is good!! Congrats to the folks who recorded this album, as well as the band.
B000092ZYY|5.0|Michael Stipe, whatever you told Thom Yorke, I think it worked. On this album, the band has begun to worry less about pushing rock music forward, and instead focus more on the actual songwriting.  The songwriting is some of the best I've heard in my life...I thought OK Computer was just OK, but this one really does it for me.  As far as songs go, my favorites are \\"Stand up, Sit Down\\", \\"There, There\\", and \\"I Will\\"; it might have just been easier to say what I don't like, since everything is unbeievable. Just be sure to give it a few listens before you give up on it; I had to listen to it 3 or 4 times to really get a grasp on the songs.
B00005U2LM|3.0|This isn't the strongest overall album by the Wu, but it's got some real standout tracks.  RZA's beats are superb on \\"Rules\\" and Uzi\\" while the rhymes are outstanding, especially by Method Man.  The group misses Old Dirty Bastard, whose absence was caused by a jail term, but are able to cope without him.  Much of the album's tracks seem like filler that will have you reaching for the track skip button.  If you're looking for your first Wu album grab 36 chambers instead and come back to this later.
B00008PW3Q|3.0|As a quiet fan of Fleetwood Mac (more specifically, the \\"Tusk\\", Rumors\\" and \\"The Dance\\" releases), I opted to give the latest release a listening, hoping to get a bit of the unique tones that were a part of the FM collective.<br />What I ended up with was \\"The Lindsey Buckingham/Stevie Nicks Experience, with guest performances by Mick Fleetwood and John McVie\\".<br />Dont get me wrong - the dueling manic/mystic styles of Buckingham and Nicks bring a certain charm to this (lengthy)18 track release. But you really start to wonder - \\"where is Mic and John (and the absent Christine McVie)amongst the noise?(the rythym section semms virtually absent)\\"<br />With Lindsey at the production healm, FM cranks out a quandry of experimental sounding songs both lyrically and musically, which saunters back and forth between the ambitious and indulgent.<br />Standout tracks include \\"Peacekeeper\\", \\"Murrow turning over in his grave\\", \\"Come\\", \\"Smile at you\\", \\"Everybody finds out\\" and \\"Good bye Baby\\" - each antying up a sound that's sure to appeal to non-fans alike.<br />In short - an ok CD to purchase; an even better CD to receive as a gift.
B00004XONN|4.0|Radiohead may not have produced any radio friendly singles here, and may even be alienating some of their &quot;Creep&quot; and &quot;High and Dry&quot; fans, but they are still making interesting music.  Kid A is a wonderful mixture of noise.  I say noise because a wide plethora of sounds is used.  Don't get me wrong, it's still music, and it's definitely worth listening to.  Thom Yorke and co. create beautiful and moving tracks which are almost instrumental.  Yorke's voice isn't so much used as a means for delivering lyrics as it is another instrument in the band's vast repetoire.<BR>Kid A takes patience to grow accustomed to, but the wait is worth it.
B000002572|5.0|In 1977, Boston burst on the music scene with this high-energy album.  Containing such classics as &quot;More Than a Feeling&quot;, &quot;Peace of Mind&quot;, and &quot;Long Time&quot;, Boston established themselves as one of the premier groups of the late '70s and early '80s.  What makes this album so good is the tremendous vocals of Brad Delp.  His multi-range voice shines through on each track of the album, but its especially good on &quot;More Than a Feeling&quot;.  Tom Scholz's keyboard and guitar work is excellent as well.  This album has stood the test of time for over twenty five years and remains a classic today.  Listen to this great disc and hear the emergence of a supergroup.
1577311523|5.0|For those that are looking for something new and original in this book or indeed from life itself, WHY? WHY? Because the NOW is NEVER good enough. There's still something out there that can make you make happy, or more happy; some future insight, event, book, course, seminar, experience, person, whatever. This is our suffering. Everything we want belongs to the FUTURE; everything we have is in the NOW. The two are unbridgeable. Between the two is the gap where we suffer. Can you honestly say you do not suffer, that you are not grasping, hoping, expecting, clinging, wanting or needing something to change your life for the better? Even if we feel happy, we still need to tweak our lives until it's better still. Mr Tolle shows us that these are all mind games, that once we go someway toward understanding the nature of mind, we understand not only ourselves and our problems a little better, but the whole world and all its problems, because the whole world is simply a mirror of you and me. I am the world multiplied six billion times. It is nothing but a huge projection of myself. The world does not exist outside of our minds.<br />All the masters and mystics say the same thing for sure, but Mr Tolle, for me anyway, is one of the most articulate. Although having spent a little while on the journey to freedom, this book opened up new levels of understanding which I hand't grasped before from other sources. Do not be fooled by its simplicity. You don't know anything until you \\"know\\" existentially. As I read this book more and more, I am realizing I know less and less. This is what this book can do for you - empy your mind of past conditionings. It's that good! <br />Other excellent books you might want to check out that perhaps for me layed the grounding in understanding this book are: \\"Loving What Is\\" by Byron Katie, and \\"Nothing\\" by Jim Sloman, found on Mayyoubehappy.com. Check out Osho too for his immense clarity on every subject under the sun. Ignore the controversy, focus on his wisdom.
B00008LDPU|1.0|I found the Animatrix really disappointing.  Part One and Two of \\"The Second Renaissance\\" was just awful! These two animations tell the story of how mankind was conquered by the machines.  There MAJOR flaws from beginning to end.  For example, the narration mentions that the humans dropped nuclear weapons on the machine city with no effect because radiation has no effect on a machine.  Yet, every nuclear bomb creates an EMP blast that kills all electrical equipment...something that they use in The Matrix movies...duh. Another example is that the machine run on solar power.  What do humans do?  Black out the sky.  Hmmm, let's not bomb the solar panels first, right? Finally, my favorite example: the machines build their nation in the \\"Cradle of Civilization.\\" They build their city in the Middle East...and as we all know, the Middle East is just FULL of peace and love and EVERYONE is open to EVERYONE their.  A machine city smack in the Middle East would last as long as a snowball. Just utter stupidity!<br />There are plenty more stupid moments that just do not seem possible.  I mean, they are utterly ridiculous. I expected better from the Warchowski Brothers.
B00008S2VG|5.0|American Life is an album that sort of flew under the radar, it is probably the best album that I will buy this year and I even think it's the best one in my whole collection.  From the title track to the final one &quot;Easy Ride&quot; madonna takes you on a personal journey, she talks about her feelings of how the world is and how life is in the United States (&quot;American Life&quot; &quot;Hollywood&quot; &quot;Nobody Knows Me&quot; and &quot;I'm So Stupid&quot;). She tells us that she is in love (&quot;Love Prousion&quot; &quot;Nothing Fails&quot; and &quot;Intervention&quot;) she talks about her children (&quot;Easy Ride&quot;) and she revisits her childhood and the loss of her mother (&quot;Mother and Father&quot;). In probably what is the best song on this album Madonna talks about her relationship with god and reveals herself a little more personally in &quot;X-static Process&quot; a brilliantly simple song.<br />If I were to grade this album I would give it an A, I think it's madonna's best album but it leads me to believe that she can top herself all the better. And with this album she puts all her older albums to shame. But it's all a matter of opinion, so try it yourself.
B00003CXFV|5.0|Julia Roberts plays Erin Brockovich, a struggling mother from <BR>Los Angeles trying to find a better life for her and her children<BR>It just so happens that when a dumb guy hit her car with his Jag,<BR>She gets a job in a lawyer's firm. In Hinkley, CA, a family,<BR>the Jansens are really sick. It was a poison in their water.<BR>Chromium 6. that, well...kills you. So, since all of the symptoms<BR>that these people have is because of the chromium. So, Erin takes<BR>matters into her own hands. An intristing story and sharp <BR>dialouge and acted brilliantly. A Must-see for anyone.
6304973187|4.0|`The greatest love story of all time' is what Baz Luhrmann's version of Romeo & Juliet has been named as. The story is set in Verona Beach, a city of money and greed. Leonardo DiCaprio plays the perfect Romeo; charming, seductive and persuasive. Juliet played by Claire Danes is sweet, innocent and curious. The pair of star crossed lovers meet by fate eye to eye and create a chemistry of desire. Shakespeare's tale of a love not meant to be is told with passion, energy and a world wide best selling soundtrack. <br />The soundtrack features throughout the film to provoke different feeling emotions. Kissing You by Des'ree is the love theme song and is played in times when Romeo & Juliet are together to emphasise the love and mystery of seduction is portrayed. I believe Luhrmann chose this style of string harmony music to put you in their emotions and to be inspired to be in love. The hip up-beat music such as Pretty Piece Of Flesh by One Inch Punch creates a contrast to the slow romantic scenes which in turn relax and somewhat hypnotise you. The fast paced scenes emphasised with fast beat  music speed up the heart rate. The Capulet party is one good example where the Montague boys dress up and gate crash the party. Mercutio a dread locked drag queen with a psychotic edge played by Harold Perrineau Jr. offers Romeo a `love drug' which he accepts...<br />This inspiring tale of two lovers forbidden love who give their lives up in hope to be together in peace without the pressure of the impossibility to be together is tragic and sad; \\"For never was a story of more woe, than this of Juliet and her Romeo...\\"
B000089RVX|5.0|my sister got this cd and plays it all the time, and after a few weeks i liked every song on the cd.  amy has one of the best voices i have ever heard and the music is hauntingly beautiful.  songs with ranged meanings, it suits any mood...from betrayal, to confusion, to sadness, to anger, and to some independence. i have no doubt in my mind that this band is gonna go far...with their beautiful sound, the outbeat many of today's singers and musicians, and enter a category all their own.  the lyrics are alone awesome, and i have them printed out and decorated around my room becasue they are just good in every aspect.  if u don't have this cd, u are definitely missing out on a musical experience that is worthwhile.
B00008PW3Q|5.0|A brilliant, challenging record full of musical invention.  Highly recommended.
0142004235|5.0|This is a great book. The author takes you through a few generations of a family but cleverly keeps the audience attention. This book has it all.  Romance, violence, betrayal, sorrow, you will be happy and sad and upset all at one time. I enjoyed it.... it is very long so get ready for a long but interesting trip.
B00008J4P5|5.0|To me, the White Stripes stand out as a wonderfully different alternative to what is currently played on the radio.  Elephant definatley extols their talent as artists and I hope they continue to create such original work.
B00004XMS0|4.0|BATMAN: I didn't see this movie till the summer of 2002 and considering it came out in 1989, it still holds up today on all levels. The acting deserves a 10/10. Michael Keaton was a good choice for Bruce Wayne and performs better as Batman. Jack Nicholsen IS THE JOKER. I wish I knew his name, but the dude who plays Alfred the butler absolutely kills in his roll (he would stay for the rest of the series). Bruce's love interest played by Kim Basinger is good. The visual effects are very good for 1989 and in some ways improves on digital effects-9.9/10. The plot is basically this: Batman goes on his first major mission against mob man Jack Napier and his fellow mobsters. Napier tries to pull a heist on the Axis Chemicals factory and ends up thwarted by the bat. This all results in Jack falling in a pit of chemicals. The experience bleaches his skin white and drives him to insanity. He develops a plan to unleash the chemicals that Joker succumbed to on Gotham City, causing people to literally, laugh themselves to death. Will Batman save Gotham?<BR>The plot gets a solid 9.8/10. As for music, it gets a perfect 10/10 and the movie would not be as powerful without it. Danny Elfman delivers his best score ever PERIOD. Batmans theme is very catchy but dark and edgy at the same time. In fact, I'm humming it right now. Buy the soundtrack AND the movie. The movie as a whole, gets an tight 9.9/10.<br />BATMAN RETURNS: Tim Burton returns to the helm of the Batman series and churns out one of the best of the sequels. The acting is better than the first. Keaton as Batman again is great. Danny Devito as the haunting Penguin is the third best villain in the quadrilogy (all 4 movies, which should have just been this and its prequel) and turns a very evil character into someone you feel somewhat sorry for. He had a bad life and so he became a bad guy. Michele Pheiffer is the second best villain in the series as Catwoman (Joker is first best). There is great chemistry between Keaton andPheiffer as they struggle with their love/hate relationship. And Christopher Walken is the smaller villain, Max Shreck, and does well.Acting is 10/10. The plot is something like this: Oswald Cobblepot (alias Penguin) is trying to run for mayor of Gotham City so he can destroy it. Why? Because the city has no place in its heart for deformities as this poor guy, and you really fell sorry for him. Then Catwoman enters, trying to establish a relationship with Batman, and teams up with the Penguin. Batman gets framed for murder, and the whole of Gotham turns against him. And several other plot points exist that I won't put because they would spoil your enjoyment of the movie. Plot is 9.9/10. The visual effects are awesome, particularly the swarms of bats that appear at times and the effects from this 1992 movie stand up well today. 10/10. Music is done by Danny Elfman, and is good, but not as good as the first one. Music is 9.5/10. The movie is good for Christmas viewing, if you have the heart to considering the depressing vision of Gotham during the holidays and the Penguin in particular is depressing with his back story. Great movie. 9.8/10
B00008V5VN|5.0|Holy mother of GOD is this heavy.  A more proper length and mix of &quot;Jerusalem&quot;, this newly released juggernaut realizes the band's vision of their much-publicized and infamous uber-dirge, complete with more emphasis on the rhythym section's power when necessary and 13 minutes of added music.  No longer broken into six separate tracks that run into each other, &quot;Dopesmoker&quot; is one 65-minute track and a bonus live recording of &quot;Sonic Titan&quot;, where one can hear a smidgen of what sounds like a High on Fire riff here and there.  <br />This version promises to blow out speakers of all kinds, as Al's bass is far heavier and prominent, but only when it's necessary.  Pike's guitar is slightly edgier and compliments the newly restored bass sound nicely, leads screaming and clearer.  Chris's drumming turns out to be an underrated part of &quot;Dopesmoker&quot;, as you hear new and unearthed parts of his thundering backbeat that were otherwise overshadowed on &quot;Jerusalem&quot;<br />Best heard on a customized mix (preferrably with the bass turned slightly down for balance), &quot;Dopesmoker&quot; can take it's place as a fully established classic among the doom/stoner/drone genre, a far overdue release that will satisfy fanatics of crushingly heavy riffing and long improv.  You'll feel it in your chest.
B00008RH3L|5.0|After being very disappointed with \\"Once Upon A Time in America\\" this weekend, I decided to watch another gangster movie that I had never seen before.  This one gave me hope as it was done by the very brilliant Coen Brothers.  And I'm happy to say that this time I wasn't disappointed.  In fact, I had to watch it again the next day!  \\"Miller's Crossing\\" is a hauntingly beautiful masterpiece for all the right reasons.<br />The story gets pretty complex, as this is from the Coen Brothers.  It focuses Tom, a cold and smart-aleck lieutenant who works under an Irish Mob Boss, Leo.  Things get ugly when Leo gets into a disagreement with an Italian underboss who feels that he is getting a raw deal.  Things also get more complicated when Tom falls in love with Leo's woman.  Sooner or later Tom's going to have to decide who's side he's on and who his enemies  really are.  All of this leads to an uncontrollable scenario with the signature Coen twists and surprises.<br />I loved everything about this film.  From the very first minute I was hooked.  Sure, it starts out kind of slow, but this is almost necessary in all of the Coen movies.  There needs to be a heavy build-up so it can all come together.  And once things start spinning, it doesn't stop until the ending credits.  I loved how well-written the film was too.  It relies heavily on dialogue, but we love hearing the conversations these characters get into.  There's a lot of dark and subtle humor in it too, although it is a more serious film for the Coen Brothers.<br />The acting is also superb.  Gabriel Byrne is fantastic as the cold and heartless Tom, who always has something smart or sarcastic to say.  There is no way I could see anybody else playing the role.  It suits him that well.  John Turturro is also wonderful in his role and really gets to show off his acting ability.  One of his better roles, I think.  Everybody else in it is also terrific.<br />There's really not much to the DVD, which is a shame.  I'm glad that it has finally come out on DVD and all, but it would've been nice to see a few more extras added to it.  The special features included are cast interviews, trailers, a still gallery, and an interview with Barry Sonnenfeld.  The Barry Sonnenfeld interview I found very interesting as he explains the look and feel of this movie as opposed to the other Coen movies he has worked on.  The picture and sound quality is really good and brings out the tone of the movie.<br />\\"Miller's Crossing\\" is a definite winner in my mind.  It is now quickly becoming a new favorite of mine.  If you're looking for a great crime film with a story, interesting characters, and an overwhelming plot, this is the one to see.  As with some of the other Coen movies, this one tends to get graphically violent at times, but it is never gratuitous and is always appropriate to the story.  An excellent Coen film that is bound to give you a new look into the Mafia world.at it has finally come out on DVD and all, but it would've been nice to see a few more extras added to it.  The special features included are cast interviews, trailers, a still gallery, and an interview with Barry Sonnenfeld.  The Barry Sonnenfeld interview I found very interesting as he explains the look and feel of this movie as opposed to the other Coen movies he has worked on.  The picture and sound quality is really good and brings out the tone of the movie.<br />\\"Miller's Crossing\\" is a definite winner in my mind.  It is now quickly becoming a new favorite of mine.  If you're looking for a great crime film with a story, interesting characters, and an overwhelming plot, this is the one to see.  As with some of the other Coen movies, this one tends to get graphically violent at times, but it is never gratuitous and is always appropriate to the story.  An excellent Coen film that is bound to give you a new look into the Mafia world.
B00008PX8P|5.0|I never expected to see or hear Zepplin like this. The video quality is excellent, even on a big screen TV, and hearing all my favorite Zepplin songs in Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround (or DTS 5.1) is truly incredible. It will amaze you. For a Zepplin fan, this DVD is a must.
B00006JJ1O|5.0|I know nothing about this group. All I know is that I saw them on the MTV music awards and I saw a lot of girls kissing. I enjoyed it quite a bit. These girls are fun to watch. I think I would turn their music down and put on some Lords of Acid and watch them while listening to that.<br />5 stars<BR>nuff said!
0316666343|3.0|This is a bang-up short story that has been bloated to book length.  The result is one part Stephen King one part Harlequin novel.  She should have just published the first chapter and left it at that.
B000000JO3|5.0|Ever since I got this it's been in my CD player non-stop.  I love it.  The straight-edge, the straight-forward, and the solid punk music.  If you think you like &quot;punk&quot; definitely buy this.
0060916540|5.0|While I wouldn't exactly put this in the inspirational category, it is a true story of epic determination and courage that begins like so many typical muntaineering trips and turns tragic after a small mistake not out of the realm of any of us. <BR>Set in the Andes, the narrative follows a pair of climbers up an underestimated route to the summit of a peak then after ruggling down a horrifying ridge the plot thickens. For fear of wrecking the story I will only mention that left for dead 50 feet down in a crevasse with a completely useless leg, the only thing that gives you any hope for this guy is that there are just too many pages unread for the story to end simply. The story is put forth in such detail that you're body aches sympathetically and you just want Joe to give it up. Even the mental torture expressed by Joe's partner, Simon, forced to give up any hope of Joe's survival will tear you apart. It's rivetting reading and you shouldn't start it unless you have time to finish it.
B00006M183|5.0|I felt like Pearl Jam's album TEN returned back
B000084T18|2.0|Hype is a powerful weapon....in the case of 50 cents it really showed how powerful it could be.<BR>Before his cd even hit stores people where already gossiping about his incarceration, his multiple shots, and drug dealing bravado.  But this is nothing new, infact the majority of all mainstream rappers have been using this gangster innuedo to help them sell records....and to keep them \\"real\\".<BR>Sure the lyrics are raunchy, production done by Dr. Dre keeps the musical overallness at a nice platuea, and the fact that Eminem backs him doesnt hurt either.<BR>But all the hype really wears away once you begin listening to the cd.  50 travels thru usual and very predictable story-telling aspect of how he has enemies that want to kill, his drug dealing days, and how he has alot of guns, ummmmmmmm like i havent heard all this before.<BR>As far as lyrics, 50 not surprisingly falls short of expectations and manifest himself as a lackluster thru the majority of the cd.<BR>If you're looking for something different and new, this isnt it.<BR>But if you want the urban mafiaso inspired emcee with an overall nice production, than this is for you.
B00005JKNC|5.0|great drama.  The disk is &quot;1.85&quot; widescreen, not the normal 2.35.
B000092ZYX|5.0|When I first heard this album I winced, previously only hearing &quot;Creep&quot;. However I had to give it another hear and I was astonished by the vocals, the change in Thom Yorkes voice, the rythums are fascinating! Once I gave it another listen I found it as a beautifull album. No other way to describe it. Give it two or 3 listens and you will understand. I soon downloaded other albums and I heard how they evolved from pablo honey to Hail to the theif. Each album great in its own right.<br />This is not a disposable album, every listen unravels with more lryical meanings and hidden and abstract rythums leaving me to believe radiohead is one of the most creative bands. <br />If you are up for something with some meaning. A real band of musicians for once. Hail to the theif is your Cd.
B000092ZYX|2.0|I love Radiohead and have enjoyed all their other releases since the Bends.  Unfortunately tough, I have to admit that &quot;Hail to the Thief&quot; does nothing for me. While the band appears to be continuing to try to expand itself artistically and conquer new ground, it forgot to bring something essential with it -- good songs.<br />I respect the band for pushing the envelope on each new recording, but I think they've gotten too caught up trying to be avant garde and have lost what made them great -- brilliant songs with thought-provoking lyrics that grow on you with each listen.  <br />Hail doesn't grow on you at all.  In fact, it gets worse with each listen. In fact, after listening to it now about 7 or 8 times now, I find the process to be tiring. And fatigue is not what I'm looking for in a Radiohead release -- sorry guys!
B000096I9G|5.0|If you like the Cure, you definitely must have this DVD.  It's much better than the \\"Show\\" that I have waited years to be released.  It has 122 + 101 minutes of live performance and interviews; it sounds like a good deal for just a few bucks.<BR>The sound is excellent and the use of the cameras great.<br />I finally found the easter eggs to access the hidden selections (from ChainofFlowers).<br />On Disc 1 <br />Go to the Disintegration set menu, highlight Plainsong, and click to the left. Click on that and see a split screen version of Plainsong from both nights, shot by Robert's handheld camera. <br />Still on the Disintegration set menu, highlight Same Deep Water As You, and click to the left. Click on that and watch Same Deep Water As You from the \\"Robertcam\\" (much like the Sinkingcam on the Dream Tour). <br />On Disc 2 <br />Go to the Interview menu, highlight End Of An Era?, and click to the left. Click on that and you get some outtakes from the interviews.
B00006JL1Z|5.0|Well, here's another Fleetwood Mac Compilation. Yeah they have a great, greatest hist cd already which featured all of the big hits and there's an excellent import collection from the now unavailable box set. That collection is excellent. So why another greatest hits collection? Because this collection features outstanding songs not available on the other two collections (many of which are Fleetwood Mac's very best. The list is impressive: Monday Morning, Never going back again, storms, songbird, landslide (original version!), What makes you think you're the one, second hand news, think about me, Go insane, seven wonders (outstanding!), Sisters of the moon, Family man, Skies the limit. All of these songs are Fleetwood Mac classics and great songs in their own right. Some were hits and many were just great album cuts. This collection is a must have.
B00008OWZC|5.0|With the recently-released, expanded version of The Who's brilliant \\"Live at Leeds\\", this album proves to doubters that Page and Townsend are indeed the guitar gods against whom all others must be compared (and inevitably suffer as a result.)  Even at the height of his considerable prowess, Clapton was no match for Jimmy Page (or Townsend.)  Here is the band that set the stage for all subsequent heavy metal rockers.  Robert Plant shows on this set that his vocals were not studio trickery.  He seems to exult in the power of his range and he whispers, shouts and wails with equal ease.  \\"How The West Was Won\\" captures Zep at the height of its considerable powers.  Only Bonham could keep \\"Moby Dick\\" interesting as long as the version included here.  \\"Stairway to Heaven\\" was not yet a cliche, instead on this CD it's a vital, rousing anthem (have we forgotten that's what it was before it became a radio staple?)  Nothing short of a revelation, this set can't be recommended highly enough.  Prepare to ROCK!
B00000254Q|5.0|I'm sorry, but I don't think Santana ever gets the respect that he deserves. He has stood the test of time and his longevity and extensive body of work speak for themselves. He is the premier pioneer in latin rock. I agree that not all of the songs on &quot;Amigo&quot; are stand out tracks, but Gitano, Europa and Dance sitster Dance are easily worth the price of this album.I appreciate good latin music and those 3 songs are outstanding! Europa inspired me to play guitar as I've spent many hours learning that song-and believe me, I'm no Carlos Santana on the guitar. All-in-all I have great memories of this album and I wish people appreciated the Greatess of this latin legend
B00003CY6M|5.0|For those of you longing to find a romantic comedy with intelligence, look no further than &quot;Serendipity.&quot;  Based upon the concepts of fate and destiny, the movie takes the viewer into New York City, following a story that strongly resembles what would be called a modern fairy tale.  After one night together many years ago, Jon (Cusack) and Sara (Beckinsale) begin seeing signs that perhaps their romances aren't all they are meant to be.  Following the little clues destiny leaves for them, the two main characters draw closer and closer to their <BR>&quot;happily ever after.&quot;<br />While some have criticized the movie for being trite and predictable, I find that its charm is in its simplicity.  This is not a monumental film, filled with spiritual truths or deep answers.  But nor is it a mindless, formulaic story.  The writers and directors have managed to walk a very fine line, keeping the story light and airy, and yet completely believable.  It is this enthusiastic and optimistic view of life that the movie offers.  In addition, the film is greatly enhanced through its stars.  Cusack is perfect as the slightly neurotic hopeless romantic, and his real-life friend Jeremy Piven does a wonderful job as his best friend.  Beckinsale and Molly Shannon are a delight to watch together, and Eugene Levy brightens the screen in his few scenes.  No other team of actors could have pulled this movie off with as much success as this one.  The movie is a treat, and I would highly recommend it.<br />The DVD release features some fascinating extras.  In addition to a commentary and production diary by Peter Chelsom (the director), the disc offers both deleted scenes and alternate versions of scenes that were in the final film.  With the commentary on these altered scenes, one can truly understand how a film is changed and manipulated while the filmmakers are trying to perfect it.  All in all, an excellent disc for an excellent film!
6304806418|4.0|I am a true Madonna fan and even before Madonna made this movie, I was already hooked to the story of Eva Peron.<BR>Although the movie itself is amazing, the visual effects, the music even how much Madonna looked like Eva and portrayed her strong character, there are so many historical incongruences, the way it was implied Eva slept her way to the top (maybe she did have affairs with notable gentlemen but she isn't the first or the last one to sleep her way, is she?), the first thing that made me shake my head was her father's funeral scene, in real life Eva was the only one who did not feel a thing about her father's dead, yet in the movie she cries and goes and kisses him. Another very  big innacuracy is the unproven fact that Eva ran away with Magaldi, the tango singer, even though it's one of the many theories on how she made it to the big city and perhaps the most accepted, but, he was not married nor he had a child.<BR>I could go on and on and on about the many errors in the movie, rumor has it that Rice and Webber based the whole musical solely on one book, without doing any extensive reasearch about the life of Eva Peron, I read the book that they claim was the base for the whole thing and I have to say, it's the most boring book I've read and it was written by a total anti peronist.<BR>In short, if you want to see a good musical, great scenarios, nice customs, very good music and see a great Madonna performance, EVITA will please you, however, if you are interested in the life of the real Eva, I suggest you get some of the books that are offered here, like the one by Alicia Dujovne Ortiz or the one by Marisa Navarro and even the novel Santa Evita (GREAT BOOK), they will give you a better view and you can rest assure that extensive research was done by their authors and it's not a partial view of 2 people who only write music or of an anti peronist who decided to bad mouth Evita.
B00004XONN|5.0|As a quite casual fan of Radiohead with only The Bends in my CD Collection, I wasn't all that interested in Kid A until the first time I listened to it. Kid A is without a doubt Radiohead's best work by far! The electronic influences which have always permeated their music are in full bloom on Kid A, a daring musical experience which toys with composition while remaining understated and haunting. Yorke's lyrics are abstract but are able to trigger very specific emotional reactions, while the music navigates through his cold, cutting mind. It's one of those records where each song sounds exactly calculated and placed, which was surely their intent in making this record. Truly a masterpiece of art and music. Radiohead is one of those rare groups which does not compromise its integrity in order to push the boundaries of their music. It will be in my collection for a long time to come.
0316666343|3.0|I was reluctant to read this book because I thought the subject matter might be too harrowing. However, when the book kept showing up on EVERYONE's list for best books of the year, I went ahead. And, I did like it. I thought the point of view was interesting and the characterizations of the father/child relationships was wonderful. That said, I do not see it as book of the year. About 2/3 of the way through, Sebold just lost it. I think she painted her way into a corner she couldn't get out of, and the story just got hokey. The whole spirit possessing another body thing was just silly. And I was disappointed that she finally gave in to sentiment and had the evil guy meet his just ends. A good book. But don't get your hopes up too high.
B00005R87Q|5.0|Okay, I'm going to be honest with you. The fast and the Furious is simply the best movie around! It just holds onto you. It's a movie you can't miss. Vin Diesel stars in it and let's face it not only is he gorgeous he is extremely talented! :) Not only Vin but Paul Walker, trust me when you see these two together on your screen, you just know it's meant to be!<br />Throughout the whole movie you get a crazy rush through the back of your spine, it's a movie you will NEVER forget! :)<br />Fast cars, Heavy music, sexy guys *for girls and gorgeous babes*for the guys! What more do you want?<br />You don't want to miss it!
