6304233639|5.0|All special effects and no acting and plot.  This movie was pure garbage and Will Smith isn't that funny.  Thumbs way down!
B00000J7J4|5.0|Carlos is a real gentleman on the stage and off the stage. In his new album, his wonderful signature sound comes through each cut. Deadheads will love this album.
6304539258|4.0|Good movie!  The best of the whole series.  The Phantom Menace can't even touch this!
630382336X|5.0|this video must be made available.  It is a classi
B00000IOSU|5.0|Sarah McLachlan's voice has never been in doubt, but to hear her perform in front of a live audience is incredible. Living in England is awkward for seeing and hearing Sarah's music, but &quot;Mirrorball&quot; gives a great  effect of how well she performs.<br />The songs are radically different from  their Solace/Fumbling/Surfacing formats but that just adds to the  attraction of them. <br />The audio quality of the CD is awesome, some live  recordings are influenced too much by the audience, but that doesn't happen  on here at all. FANTASTIC STUFF!!
B000009ED0|1.0|These songs have lyrics that have completely no reason for existing.They make no sense and the music is annoying.Please enrich your life with something with some purpose and class.
B00000J2KT|5.0|The sound is not good, the image not fantastic, there are no special features  but the interactif menu is good. The movie is still great
B000007T1M|5.0|There is no other way to put it, System of a Down is the best new talent I have seen.  They have said that most of their fans look like psychos, but I can only understand why.  Their music pumps you up so much, it sometimes is hard to come back down from the ceiling.  I saw them live once, and am  going to see them live again, and i know they will rule.
B00000J8EK|5.0|I bought dig your own hole and loved it, but always felt that something was missing. This album fills in the missing gaps. Excellant.
B00000J2KX|5.0|I've been a fan of &quot;The Shining&quot; for about three years since I first saw it and when I read that the DVD of this film was going to be fullscreen only, I was kinda ticked off.  Since getting my DVD-ROM drive,  I've become a die-hard widescreen advocate and I couldn't believe that this  film would be released in fullscreen.<br />But as I read about Kubrick's style  (which I previously knew nothing about), I realized that Kubrick encouraged  the fullscreen-only release of this movie.  You also have to remember that  this film was filmed in 1.85:1, so you really aren't losing that much  action by watching the fullscreen version.  Anyway, to make a long story  short, when I read that Kubrick OK'd the fullscreen deal, I dropped that  issue.<br />So, I've seen &quot;The Shining&quot; a lot in various VHS forms  and although I love the movie, I didn't really think that I needed a DVD  copy of it.  But what REALLY made me decide to buy it was the special  feature: &quot;Vivian Kubrick's 'The Making of The Shining.'&quot;  I saw a  teaser of this behind-the-scenes special on Entertainment Tonight and just  had to have more!  After reading enough to confirm that the DVD version had  this, I ordered it.<br />Let me tell you...  This special feature is great!   It is a candid view of the great Jack Nicholson getting ready to film in  his room (brushing his teeth), memorizing lines, and getting pumped up for  the famous axe-bathroom scene (it is just incredible to see him jumping up  and down getting psyched up to play a whacked-out victim of The Overlook  Hotel).  This special also kind of shows Shelly Duvall getting chewed out  by Kubrick and some other things about her that make me dislike her even  more.  I just thought that her performance was fake.<br />But that aside, this  special DVD version of &quot;The Shining&quot; is just great and you  shouldn't pass up this opportunity to own a film masterpiece like this.   Enjoy and don't forget...&quot;Heeeeeeere's Johnny!&quot;
B00000I8NC|5.0|GYBE, besides having the coolest name a band could have, play instrumentals that could well be described as chamber drone mood spacerock (hey ma, a new label!). This EP is even more intense and downright  frightening than their debut, and this one has more staying power.  Intensely depressing, misanthropic and haunting, this album can mess with  your mind. I'm sure that if you wanted a dramatic suicide, put Paris, Texas  on the VCR, play this CD and off yourself. If it were a book, it'd be a  postmodernist classic. As an album, it's still a classic anyway. This is  something special - believe the hype, GYBE *are* that good. This is the  real deal, kiddies. Mogwai - who's THAT?
0375707972|5.0|I would like to have comment on a point that was debated in a book discussion recently.  One of our members, a teacher, said that Hanna had a learning disorder and, therefore, could not read nor write.  Another in the  group disagreed and said that Hanna had never been taught to read.  I would  like to hear back from others with their opinions.
B00000JCB2|5.0|f
B00000J7RZ|1.0|She can sing; However, her vocal ability (limited) sounds pretty much like any other top 40 female pop singer out there. At the very least, Jennifer is trying to look like Vanessa Williams  and dance like Janet Jackson ( sorry, these ladies are in a class of their  own; It's called talent and style)...
B00000DHRZ|1.0|you'd think Dexter hanging out with Jello Biafra (Most of these new &quot;punks&quot; you suddenly heard about Offspring through MTV and other corporate fist media probably have never heard of Biafra) would give him  some political punk inspiration.  But no, we get the new Offspring, whiny  nasal sellout &quot;punks&quot; who instead of singing about political and/  or social issues, sing about wiggers.  For any real punks out there, go  listen to Dead Kennedys, Crass, Clash, Misfits, and DropKick Murphys
0848813065|5.0|Look, I'm only eleven, I don't know much, but I know what I like.  I scanned aaalllllllll the customer commenst for this book and the only person who didn't like it is from-wait for it-CALIFORNIA!!!! That's a  surprise! okay, but maybe I'm being stereotypical, but but they would still  be crazy if thay came from czeckoszavakia.(I'm not sure if I spelled that  right.)  Anyway, before I read this book, my favorite book in all the world  was &quot;the princess bride&quot; I mean, it still is, tied with this one  anyway.  for forever I couldn't find a better book, And then I found this!   I'ts a little slow for the first ten pages or so when the author describes  how bastian is finding the book and all that, and he makes little  intrusions about what bastian is doing until triple B (bastian balthazar  bux-count 'em) Comes into Fantastica, but don't get me wrong, that part's  real good to, but the real action is in the actual book, so if you hate  books and you'd rather be out playing sports or whatnot, (you think I'm  gonna say skip it, right? no!) Read it anyway, you'll be tottally confused  if you don't.  This book is especially good for bookworms like me, because  it's one of those books that describes everything and lets you imagine what  it looks like at the same time, and you also find yourself worrying about  the characters and all that, and takes forever beacause ther's four hundred  and forty five pages and the print is reeeeeeeeeealy tiny, which is a good  thing, since, you find yourself never wanting it to end, and, (sob) it is,  indeed, not never ending.  All and all, I think people between ten and  three hundred and ten would enjoy this book, and it's a great boost into  the wide, wiiiiiide, world of bookdom, for all you people who LOATHE  reading(I used to be one, now I need four bookcases!)  So basically, if  you've seen the movie and you hated it, that's fine to, since it left out  almost EVERYTHING!!!!!! trust me, the book is waaaaaaaayyyyyyyy  better!-sarah<br />       P.S.read the princess bride, to!
6304259093|4.0|COA fell victim to too much comparison with the first movie, and lacked the real life tragedy that helped to make the first one a cult fav. Had COA come out before the first movie, and was seen and judged soley on its own,  it would have received far more favorable fan reviews. This is not to say  it was without faults. The film was far too short (in the theater, the  runtime was under 80 minutes). The conflict within Ashe over falling in  love with Sarah could have been examined alot closer, and made COA stand on  its own. It was a very good plot twist that, explored in depth, would have  made the movie alot better.  Instead, the film makers stayed too close to  the tried and true theme's of the first movie, and seemed afraid to go too  far outside its borders. In a way, the filmmakers made the same mistake  that fans that couldn't accept the movie made, they wanted another movie  just like the first, and that was not possible. For the life of me I can  not understand why some people complain that Vincent Perez's accent made  his dialogue hard to understand. I had no problem understanding him, and  thought his accent added a very different aire about his persona,  seperating him from Brandon's Eric Draven. Like the movie itself, Perez  fell victim to fans not being able to separate his character from  Brandon's. Perez did not try, nor did his performance come off as being a  copy of Brandon's. It was very ballsy of Perez to take on a role that he  knew would pale in comparrison to Brandon's Eric Draven. Perez could have  been nominated for an Oscar for his role, and COA bashers would still have  a problem with him. It is impossible to follow someone who has died while  playing a similar character and has been elevated to God-like status. Perez  did an outstanding job, and given the movies weak points, was one of its  stronger elements.  COA, in time, has garnered more praise, and I think in  more time it will finally be seen for the good movie it was.
B000002IXS|5.0|Just gotta love it!  One of the world's greatest singers she is as enjoyable as any artist I have ever read.  Anything by Miriell Mathieu is a must in my collection.
6303187064|4.0|This is one of the few good adaptations of a comic to the bigscreen. If you put aside the tragic events of Brandon Lee's death, the movie is not as emotionally charged as the comic is, but it still is a worthy tribute to  the comic. The comic verson of Eric is far more complex, dark, and  maniacle. I think if Brandon had not died, the movie would not have the  cult following that it does. You can not watch the movie without the  knowledge of his death affecting how emotional you feel about the Eric  Draven character. The themes presented are not new, and have been done  better. It is Alex Proyas' vision of a dark and forboding Detroit that  helps to make the movie become more than just a real life death odity, and  turned it into a movie with lasting images.
B00000J7RZ|1.0|i recently heard her for the first time on the radio - her &quot;hit single&quot; is nothing but a computer-generated piece of garbage.  it's not even her singing!!  i just don't understand how anyone can see this as  a great piece of musical work.  i think it's a hoax and a sorry shame that  albums such as this get so much exposure, when truly talented artists (who  can write more profound lyrics than those about lovin', lyin' cheatin',  foolin' etc.) cannot get any airplay.  if you're a pop culture junkie, then  i guess this album is for you:  it's a piece of junk.
0375707972|1.0|I  saw the book at half-price, bought it, read it, all the while wishing I hadn't and when I finished it, I donated it to the local library as I did not want it in my book collection. I did not like the characters, the  setting, the subject matter or the underlying theme of literacy. Why Oprah  chose this book, I'll never know.
B00000DC4A|3.0|The album stiffed, but it's really a remarkably consistent guilty pleasure.  He's got a good, rough, rock voice and he writes limited, commercial tunes, but he writes them better than just about anybody else,  which is why he's stuck it out this long while guys like Richard Marx and  Foreigner are oldies acts.  &quot;Getaway&quot; &amp; &quot;When You're  Gone&quot; are good places to start, but really it's a deep collection of  3-chord radio-friendly pop &amp; rock.
B00000J7JO|4.0|Reuniting with their old producer and guitarist has created an album which rivals the break out   &quot;Blood Sugar Sex Magic&quot;.  Besides regaining their intricate funk style with songs like &quot;Around the  World&quot;, &quot;I Like Dirt&quot;,and &quot;Get on Top&quot;  the  Peppers also show signs of maturation with &quot;Californication&quot; and  &quot;Scar Tissue&quot;.  They also explore musical styles that the normal  fan would not associate with Chile Pepper music (&quot;Parallel  Universe&quot;).  Being a bass player myself, I can't help but mention that  Flea once again prooves he is one of the most talented bassists in the  business.
B000002AS3|5.0|Oasis is by far the best band in existence today and this album proves it.  With all the junk bands  around today like Third Eye Blind, NSync, and Metallica it's good to know that there is at least one band around that is truly dedicated to rock and roll.  It's too bad that Oasis has had such  mediocre success in the U.S.  I just can't stand to listen to the radio  anymore.  I can't name even  one good band in the U.S.  It seems to me that  all the best music is made in Europe.  Great bands  like the Beatles, Pink  Floyd, and now Oasis have all come out of Europe.  Well enough with my  ramblings.  If you want a cd that will stick to your cd player indefinitely  buy Definitely Maybe.
B00000IBRX|5.0|I saw the movie in the theaters and I was in awe.  I just bought it previously viewed at my video store and it is once again amazing.  I myself am an atheist (one who doesn't believe in God and all that applies with  Him) and this movie is one of my favorites.  Everybody raves about  Williams' performance, but Annabella Sciorra was ten times better in a role  that was ten times harder to play.  Williams' was good, but don't forget  about Sciorra please.
0792139771|5.0|A magnificent work of art that will tear you in half.  Mel Gibson directs this overwhelming film with superb mastery.  Anyone talking the film down is just venting their own pent-up, childish frustrations at the world.   See, every man dies. Not every man really lives.  No one should miss this  film!
1573226521|4.0|i am currently still reading this book (although i am almost finished).  it's a great book.  very different from other books that i've read.  i'm looking forward to reading more of alex garland's work when it comes out.  i am a bit confused as to how the movie will be though.
6300181251|5.0|From the first time you see the original Psycho. You want to see over and over again.  This master of filmaking will be enjoyed for generations of filmwatcher forever.  A must see for student filmmakers.
0784011710|4.0|I gave this DVD only 4 stars not because of the wonderful, brilliantly made movie (with IMHO the performance of the century by Meryl Streep) but because large portions of the director's commentary was so hard to hear  over the music it might as well not be there.  I think it is more a  techical glitch than the director's fault.  You can hear him fine when  there's no music or other loud background noise.  I was so looking forward  to hearing Pakula's commentary that this was very disappointing.  I love  the movie and thought his insights would have been fascinating.  Thinking  it might be something wrong with my system, I loaned it to a friend that  has a marvelous sound system.  He couldn't hear it, either.  If you're  considering buying this DVD for director's comments, my advice is to skip  this one.
0783226160|5.0|The average person can see Animal House in two ways. For Someone over the age of 21.  It's makes one think that college is a wonderul place to party and go nuts.  For a parent, it's means sending your child to sodom and  gamora and having to pay for it.
0684801558|5.0|Hmmm, just finished The Beautiful and the Damned and was sad to do so. It is the last of His novels for me - until I reread them ofcourse. Yes, F. Scott did it again in this novel - he wowed me - I am utterly amazed at  Fitzgeralds use of language!Every other line is brilliant, or near enough.  I feel silly &quot;reviewing&quot; this novel - it suffices to say that  this is yet another fantastic story wrapped up in a glorious package of  ingenious prose and crystalline images - topped off with the big velvet bow  that are Anthony Patch and Gloria Gilbert. Glorious!
6300216403|5.0|This film is classic in it's self due the fact that it was made in black and white when most films at time were all made in color.  Tatum O'Neal truly deserved her Oscar for her performance. It's shame she couldn't  quality roles as an adult.  Great cameo by Madeline Khan.
0812550757|5.0|Much more complex then EG, more plot twists, more intrigue, clever forshadowing, and the whole nine yards. This sequel adds an element of redemption for our poor misunderstood Ender, and begins the foundation for  the first peaceful co-existance of four alien races.  The first 50 pages or  so took me nearly two years to get the motivation to finish; the last  several hundred took less than a week. Get Speaker and stick with it...  it's more than worth it.
6302787556|5.0|Denzel Washington was born to play this role.  It's wonderful that Spike Lee was able to take his audience through the entire history of Malcolm X.  Not just his life as an adult. But we are able to see how this wonderful  man became to be.
6300215717|5.0|I completely disagree with anyone who says this movie should be remade.  There is a certain elegance surrounding Audrey Hepburn that can not be captured by any of today's Hollywood starlets. <br />The first time I watched  Roman Holiday, the VCR had to rewind the tape on its own because I could  not believe that it could have such a bittersweet ending.  But I came to  realize that the ending is what made it so wonderful.  If it had the normal  happy ending, Roman Holiday would probably have been dismissed long ago as  a fairy tale.<br />I think Gregory Peck, Audrey Hepburn and Eddie Albert are  wonderful in this movie.  Peck plays the perfect straight man for Albert  and Hepburn.  I absolutely love the scene when Peck sticks his hand in the  mouth of truth.  While I love Cary Grant, I think he would have been too  refined to play the lead.  Peck seems to be more of an &quot;ordinary  guy&quot;
1558801871|5.0|For the film lover who always enjoy great jazz music then this is the film for you.  It's wonderful how Spike Lee connects the beginning story plot with the ending.  Great supporting cast of Joie Lee,  Samuel L. Jackson,  and Ruben Blades.
B0000025RI|5.0|MJ is the king and always will be the king and there is no other way to describe it. This is not only his best album, but one of the best albums of all time
B00000IOSU|5.0|I love all of Sarah's albums.  But this is the most unique in the way that it is live.  The versions that were carefully picked by her and her producer Pierre Marchand were simply awesome.   This is definetly up there  with 'Surfacing' and 'Fumbling Towards Ecstacy'.   Buy this album along  with all the others.
B000001FDI|5.0|Its unfortunate this group did not make more albums.  Blind Faith is simply amazing!  I've had it for a year now, and I listen to it almost every day.  Winwood and Clapton were born to play together.  &quot;Had to  Cry Today&quot; has the perfect burst of energy to begin the album, and the  rest of the songs like &quot;Can't find my way home&quot; and  &quot;Presence of the Lord&quot; are just as great.  All six of the albums  tracks are phenomonal.  This is REAL rock n' roll, the way it was meant to  be:  Great lyrics, brilliantly written music, skilled musicians, and lots  of energy and emotion.  Don't pass it up!
0312853238|5.0|Ender's Game is about all of us.  The story is terrific, easy to read and you will be thinking about this story for years to come.  A perfect science fiction story that is completely plausible and a view into the characters  that will make them your friends, family and rivals pulls this book  together in eloquant harmony.
6303269826|5.0|Wyatt Earp is the best film ever concerning the life of this famous frontier figure.  It covers his life, from youth through the highly publicized (at the time) vendetta following the OK Corral shootout,  revealing both his virtues and his faults.   One of the wonderful things  about this film, as is characteristic of Lawrence Kasdan westerns, is the  way the viewer feels he/she is seeing the Old West as it actually was.    One famous western film opens with &quot;Texas 1868&quot;, but the scenery  is not found in Texas, the Colt handguns are from a decade later, and the  Winchester rifles from 1892.  Not so with Kasdan westerns.  Everything was  carefully researched to fit the period(s) and the attention to detail comes  through.  The cinematography is terrific and leaves one feeling as if they  have taken a time machine beck to the previous century.  Kevin Costner does  a great job as Wyatt and Dennis Quaid is absolutely incredible as Doc  Holliday.   All the actors are good, but the ladies are especially to be  praised for the contributions they bring to the story, portraying  interpersonal and family dynamics of pioneer women.  Some historical facts  were altered, like the shootings of Virgil and Morgan in the same night  (actually they were 3 months apart) for the flow of the story-line.   Overall, this is one of the great Westerns and deserves a special place in  Western film history.
6300183211|2.0|I've heard Al Pacino say many times that he is most proud of his performance in this movie. While he's got the accent down, his performance is hampered by heavy-handed diection and too much gratuitous violence  courtesy of Oliver Stone. The infamous chainsaw scene is disgusting and  completely unnecessary. The movie goes downhill from there.  The final scene is ridiculous.
0767833058|5.0|Long seen more as a star vehicle than the reverent look at the old West it truly was, &quot;Silverado&quot; finally gets the treatment it has deserves on this great DVD.  Now we can witness the climatic gunfight between Paden  and Cobb without one character or the other being cropped out of the  picture.  Lawrence and Mark Kasdan have written the most joyful and  spirited movie set in the old West since the days of the Duke's on-screen  romps with Maureen O'Hara.  The performances of the principal actors here  were right-on-the-mark (Kevin Kline being excellent as always) and I was  pleased that an African-American was finally given a chance to shine as a  real Western hero and as a lead character (an awesome performance by Danny  Glover).  The real revelation here is Kevin Costner's wild and  free-spirited turn as Jake; the only downside is that his subsequent  efforts now appear so wooden by comparison.  And who can forget the  landscapes?!  I could tell from the opening scene when Scott Glenn exits  the shanty and we are treated to a spectacular view of the plains and  valley below that the photography in this film would be something to  behold.  It truly was.  About the only thing there is to complain about is  the underwritten role of the frontier woman played by Rosanna Arquette.  I  really don't think that enough was done with her, and seemed that Paden's  attentions shifted too quickly from her toward Linda Hunt's Stella.  The  Kasdans themselves conceded in the featurette accompanying the DVD that  they were disappointed at how the character had turned out.  They alluded  to scenes featuring Arquette that were ultimately cut from the movie.  I  definitely would like to have seen them, and wish they were included on the  disc.  But this is a small quibble.  Any fan of the Western genre -- and  fans of Kevin Kline, Danny Glover, Scott Glenn, and Kevin Costner -- will  love the joy and heroic drama that jumps from the screen.  You cannot watch  &quot;Silverado&quot; and come away feeling anything but happy.
6304508611|5.0|&quot;Carrie&quot; is Brian DePalma's best film, hands down. Add to that a haunting musical score, good special effects, and a good script. Still, you needed top-flight performances from the Actors and &quot;Carrie&quot;  delivers. Piper Laurie is superb as the demented, fanatical Margaret White  - a career making performace that should have won her an Oscar. But even  she is overshadowed by the brilliant  Sissy Spacek, in the title role. As  Carrie White, Spacek demonstrates the necessary fear, pain, and anger of  being the school outcast. You'll applaud her vengence at the Prom as she  does away with her awful classmates. Her performance garnered her an Oscar  nomination that most now agree should have resulted in her victory as Best  Actress. Unfortunately, she lost to Faye Dunaway (of all people) who did  yet another turn of her Mommie Dearest schtick in &quot;Network.&quot; But  there would be justice: in 1981 Spacek would win Best Actress for  &quot;Coal Miner's Daughter,&quot; while Dunaway trashed her career playing  Joan Crawford.
6304119046|5.0|This movie has it all.  In my opinion, one of the five best movies ever (Battleship Potemkin, Seven Samurai, Godfather, Dr. Strangelove), meaning that I want to watch it again as soon as it finishes.  Also, along with  Potemkin, Kane is more influential than all other movies.  Lastly, this  movie can be seen as a possibly prophetic autobiography.
B000002KON|4.0|This is the only concept cd that acutally holds together of all the ones which were made during this time. Sgt. Peppers wasn't cohesive, and Tommy has just aged badly.<br />This album touches so many bases in its music yet  always manages to rock hard. It's a good, well, great cd...buy it
0393316041|5.0|Let's put it this way:  I have to repeatedly buy copies of this book because my friends won't return mine.
B000002UYZ|4.0|The music need not be analyzed, it's 5 star material all day. Presentation however does - 3 stars because all the music could've fit on one disc...
B00000J7RZ|4.0|I think have of us have listened to a different Jennifer Lopez.  I think she did a damn good job as a first try.  There are some so-called veteran singers who would wish they're latest album was half as good.
6305205620|5.0|This is the 4th concert DVD I bought but it is by far the best! Not only does it show you the band jamming but you can also watch one individual person for the entire song! AND when the concert is over, you can see how  it all started, just by going into the bonus section. Overall, THE BEST!
6305166021|4.0|First and foremost, I think this is a great video.  As said in most of the other positive reviews, the dancers are obviously more confident and show more facial expression (i.e. they are actually smiling in this video).  The  dancing itself is, as  always, mesmerizing.  But I had to take away a star  for the following reasons.  First of all, I think Michael has obviously  proven he doesn't need  Viagra.  If someone can point out a girl he didn't  grope, flirt with, kiss, or perform some type of pubescent dance with  please contact me.  This wouldn't bother me so much if Michael were younger  than 30, but since he's now 40 I think he should knock it off.  That part  where he grabs Gillian Norris's behind just makes me cringe, as does that  last passionate kiss with Bernadette Flynn. I think that lasted just a  little too long for most peoples taste.  I would like to applaud Helen Egan  and Daire Nolan who I think have perfected their roles.  Also, the songs  Anne Buckley sings are extremely beautiful in this one.  In the original I  had to fast foward through her parts because the songs were kind of dull.   All in all, this is a worthwhile video to buy, even with Michael's hormones  running rampant.  I've watched it so many times I practically have  memorized the thing.  Believe me, it's addictive.
0792833686|5.0|So many people seem to be oblivious to the fact that the widescreen craze came about in 1953. Singin' in the Rain was released in 1952, and so changing it to widescreen would be just as bad as pan-and-scanning  something originally filmed in widescreen. That makes Brigadoon (1954)  something that MUST be seen letterboxed, but NOT Singin' in the Rain. Same  goes for The Wizard of Oz, Gone With the Wind, and other classics that  people are sure should not be in &quot;TV format.&quot;
B000002ULO|5.0|There is a myth perpetuated by some that McCartney's post-Beatles work has been less than Beatle-like. Sadly, the myth is perpetuated by pseudo-critics who blindly follow the fashionable  critique of McCartney.  With that said, Flaming Pie is another great McCartney album (like  McCartney, Band on the Run, Venus and Mars, Press to Play, Flowers in the  Dirt). The work finds McCartney is an pensive and reflective mood. Songs  like Calico Skies, Souvenir, Little Willow, Somedays, and Beautiful Night  rank as Macca classics. If he wrote these songs as a Beatle, critics would  say that he was a genius. The World Tonight is an intriguing rocker and The  Songs We Were Singing harks back to John Lennon as does the catchy title  trace. So no big deal, another great McCartney album like he has been  producing fairly consistently since the break up in 1970. Listen to the  body of his work and make up your mind. In McCartney we have on the great  pop composers of the 20th century. He always was and always will be.
6304119046|5.0|Citizen Kane is a movie which should be evaluated with the same sense of respect one would evaluate a novel by Kafka, music by Puccini, or a piece of mathematics by Hardy.  If one finds the movie dull or boring, one should  ask, &quot;is my purpose to understand the artistic aspect of the movie, or  simply to be entertained&quot;.  One should not approach Citizen Kane the  way one approaches the usual &quot;sensational&quot; entertainment of our  time.  I believe this is the fallacy of the numerous negative reviews of  Kane at Amazon.<br />Every artist produces his/her work with instruments which  depend on the circumstances in which he/she works.  In the case of Citizen  Kane, the black and white and lack of special effects are no drawback --  Welles uses his resources to produce a visual effect, such as the use of  contrasting shading, made effective in the medium of black and white.  That  this movie was made in 1941 is no more a drawback then the fact that Chopin  composed on a grand piano instead of a synthesizer.<br />Citizen Kane is my  favorite movie.  The acting is extremely effective, the characters  convincing, with no pretense or exaggeration.  The organization of the  movie, which starts at the end, and ends at the beginning, giving all sorts  of different angles to view Kane's life, draws the viewer more and more  deeply into the mystery of Kane.  How can you put to words the totality of  a person's life, say in a single word, &quot;Rosebud&quot;?  This movie  brilliantly expresses a sense of the depth and complication of an  individual's life.  I was deeply moved, and I think anyone who can  interpret the movie will be also.  (JK)
B000003TBP|2.0|Beck's music is OK (though it is too self-consciously trying to be strange), but his lyrics are the pits.  Of course, the lyrics are very abstract and many times seem to make no sense at all.  That alone wouldn't  bother me, but the words that Beck seems to randomly string together  finally end up &quot;coagulating&quot; into a picture of depression, death,  decay, social decadence, and so on.  There are many references to death,  garbage, rot, nooses, and other wonderful topics.  Beck's state of mind  seems to be terribly bleak (or maybe it's all just a con, an act.  Either  way, I don't like it).<br />This guy is the new Dylan?  That's an insult to  Bob.
B000006ZL4|5.0|Divine Wings of Tragedy pretty much defines progressive metal in my opinion. Well written music and great lyrics are abound. Michael Romeo plays a MEAN guitar. Vocals change from crystal clear to a growl as the  songs seem to demand it. This one will have you shaking your head wondering  how these guys can perform like this and not be a mainstream name. Give it  a shot, You'll be glad you did!
0553213105|5.0|This is Jane Austen's best book.  The characters in this book you remember and love forever.  Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy's love story you will never forget.  This is a must read classic.
6303332609|5.0|My first experience with &quot;Killer Klowns From Outer Space&quot; (and for about 4 ensuing years later) was one of terrifying surprise!  I came across puppet FX wunderkind Steven Chiodo's film on HBO back in 1989 and  decided to give it a try.  &quot;How bad could an extraterrestial clown  invasion in the 1980's B-movie world be?&quot;, I thought.  Even now, I  definitely take those words back! For a campy PG-13 horror film,  &quot;Killer Klowns From Outer Space&quot; does pack enough (albeit  sometimes silly) stamina to be a respectable thriller.  Chiodo did go to  appreciable lengths to warp the innocuously age-old fun ideals we may have  had towards clowns and the circus as kids.  Everything from cotton candy to  popcorn to balloons to pies in the face is given a caustic, tongue-in-cheek  twist as the choice of weapons for the Killer Klowns.  Also, the  captivating tactics the Klowns use to lure their naive, hapless victims  (from puppet shows to finger shadows) make an ominously (yet predictably)  fun touch.  Finally, the sythesizer/rock score, set designs, and use of  exuberant striped colors, pokadots, and shadows really added a dimension of  mysterious dread in this flick! Basically, &quot;Killer Klowns From Outer  Space&quot; follows your formulaic sci-fi B-movie.  Two college kids, Mike  (Grant Cramer) &amp; Debbie (&quot;Weird Science's&quot; Suzanne Snyder),  are the first humans to uncover an uncanny alien invasion by the Klowns  after misconstruing their circus tent spacecraft laden with bloody persons  encapsulated in cotton candy cocoons for a comet.  Obviously, they try to  convince the police of their harrowing discovery with no success (thanks to  a comicly gruff  John Vernon).  Soon, the Klowns make their way into town  and ubiquitously kill every citizen with their man-eating popcorn, cotton  candy phasor guns, and other &quot;child's play&quot; antics with no  remorse in sight!  Sure enough, it's up to Mike and his friends to put the  Klowns'killing spree/feeding frenzy to a halt.  The Klowns actually feast  on the blood of their cotton candy pod victims, which I find sickenly cool!   The action that transpires is a manic, roller coaster ride of both humor  and terror. Call me a whimp for thinking of &quot;Killer Klowns From Outer  Space&quot; as scary.  But then again, I thought &quot;Scream&quot; was  just pathetic Gen-X hot air!
630468150X|5.0|This is one of the bestest moovies i ever done seen. It so realistic it should have been a documentary. I seen it 87 times  - and still I's not bored . The action seens is so orthentic sometimes you think youse watching  CNN. I love the nuclear weapon even tho it looked like it was assembled  from a Leggo set.  It had to be made light so it could easily be picked up  and carried around like groceries by the awful bad guys. No. Do yaselves  one huge favour and watch this not once but maybe at least 20 times. You  need to see it over and over again -  it so damed complikated to follow.  The brainy folks probably get it second or third time round but ordinary  -kinda avrage folk like you and me wont. Man! This moovie should go down in  the anus(or is it annals) of all time moovie classics. Hey! Nicholas and  John.....Right on man! Right on!
6305499365|5.0|This movie has to be my favorite movie of all time.  When I saw this movie I was falling out of my seat laughing as I saw similarities between this movie and my feelings about school.  A great movie by Mike Judge and great  performances by all the actors, some of which orginal MADTV fans will  recognize.  A must see for comedy lovers or anybody who has to work.
6302759110|5.0|Francis Ford Coppola does an excellent job retelling the Dracula tale using actual history blended with legend. Gary Oldman is excellent as the Count. Oldman's portrayal of the Count as a tortured man longing for the  lost love of his life acutally had me feel sorry for the man. When he  observes the portrait of Mina(Winona Ryder) and remembers his lost bride it  is truly an awesome scene. Oldman's Count can also be bloodthirsty as well!  Sir Anthony Hopkins as Professor Van Helsing is very fun to watch. To say  that Van Helsing is a little nuts is an understatement! The music is also  classic and it really sets the mood during the entire film. Winona Ryder as  Mina playing a woman torn between the Count and her intended husband(Kneau  Reeves) is well done. The most awesome scene is when the Count receives  Mina's letter saying that she'll never see him again. You can feel the  heartache and pain in the Count and also feel his anger. Awesome! A must  see for the true Dracula fan!
6304639457|5.0|After watching this video at a stereo store, I had to buy it for myself.  Totally mesmerizing, one that you would watch over and over.  Although I liked Fleetwood Mac before, this video made me a true fan.  The combination  of talent and consistency of the group make it an excellent performance.
B00000612P|4.0|The results of the remastering significantly improve clarity, the acoustic guitar and mandolin really ring and chime at times.  Bass is punchier.  It's much better than the original CD release.  My only complaint is that  sssssometimessss it sssseemssss like there isss too much high end  emphasissssss causing some dissssstortion.  Anybody else notice this?
B00000012K|5.0|Music to conjure memories I never had.  Absolutely primal, the only things that I've heard to compare are maybe a couple of Hank Williams songs, and, oddly, Joy Division's Unknown Pleasures and Amon Duul II's Phallus Dei.   Music that you feel has been around since the beginning, lurking somewhere,  waiting to be played.  The performances make me see shadows dancing across  the New Orleans graveyards, where the tombs are above ground.  &quot;Walk  On Gilded Splinters,&quot; forget about it - Humble Pie butchered it in a  really fun way, so that's alright, and I think Johnny Jenkins did a  version, but no one ever matched the smoldering mood that Mac Rebennack's  band managed to give to it here.  It's like they're playing it in a cave on  the edge of a swamp or something.  The rest of the album has the same mood:   percussive, tribal, old European, very much a product of its place.<br />It's  no surprise the album's out of print, obscure psychadelic classic that it  is and record companies being what they are.  Still, it's a shame.   Gris-Gris is a masterpiece.
0684833395|5.0|If I was allowed to read only one book in my whole life it would be Catch 22.
B000002MFQ|2.0|I first bought Tubulars Bells III, just because I kind of liked the cover. Turned out to be the best impulse-buy I ever made. After seeing that Tubular Bells 2 got an even better review here on Amazon, I went out and  got that too - what a  dissapointment. There are a few good tracks, but  some tracks are very weak and don't seem to belong on this CD. One aspect  of Tubular Bells 3 that was completely missing in Tubular Bells 2 is  thematic unity. This one's just a collection of melodies - but TB3 had a  definite introduction, development of theme and melodies, and a  *spectacular* finale.  If you're new to this type of music, buy volume 3,   but give this one a miss.
B000006045|4.0|Elizabeth Frazer's vocals are just beautiful - it's worth the price of the CD just for &quot;Teardrop&quot;. But a couple of songs, I have to fast forward through (&quot;Inertia Creeps&quot;, &quot;Mezzanine&quot;),  because they're just too dreary and weighted down. When the rest of their  songs are lighter are more melodic, the music just shines. Hence the 4  stars instead of 5.
014028009X|1.0|I find it utterly terrifying that some many people claim to be able to identify with Bridget Jones or are &quot;just like her!&quot;  Plowing through the tedium that is her life is downright painful.  I hated every  character in the book and only read to the end in the secret hope that  everyone dies in a freak dinner party accident- instead, I was tortured  with the most contrived ending ever written.
0060392584|5.0|I think that this book is great. Mr. Warner is an excellent writer, and I think that everybody should read this book to find out about the real person that he is, and not the image that he appears to be.
6303327974|5.0|This is truly one of the most captavating films I have ever seen but I am disappointed that it was not rated NC-17.  I guess the commitee that rates films is apparently as desensitized to violence as anyone else who thinks  this film was &quot;fun to watch&quot; rather than &quot;had a serious  message&quot;.
B00000IL1K|5.0|I really enjoyed this outstanding performance by Sarah Brightman.  Great cross-over between pop and classical music.  People of all ages will enjoy this.
0316920045|5.0|Why do people keep groaning over the length of this book? Grow up. I wish it was longer.<br />I won't go into all of the reasons I love this book, I will just tell you one little one. When DFW lists the many things you learn  while in Recovery and/or a resident at Ennet House, one of them is  &quot;That there might not be angels, but there are people who may as well  be.&quot; Yes, it is corny. But when someone as jaded, addicted, and  cynical as I am (as many of the characters)folds down the page and breaks  the binding to open to that page, I think that's something.<br />That plus I  want my movie-making friends to film &quot;Blood Sister: One Tough  Nun&quot; for our next project.
B00000ICD9|5.0|This movies is, perhaps, Robin Williams' greatest performance to date. Annabella Sciorra also turns in a classic, Natalie Woods-like, performance. Though I seldom watch movies more than once, this movie, like the Wizard of  Oz, should be seen more than once over time.
0790729989|1.0|No matter how much I admire the acting skills of Pitt and Freeman, and no matter how well they portrayed their characters in this flick, the story is too dark, the violence too graphic, the end too depressing. This film has  no redeeming value.
630157401X|5.0|Last Crusade is my favorite movie, not even Titanic and Star Wars could dethrone this from its #1 position, although they are a close #2 and #3, respectively. This movie has it all- action, drama, suspense and mystery,  and even comedy (I found the Hitler autograph scene very funny). Harrison  Ford and Sean Connery delivered remarkable performances ,as expected from  two actors known throughout the world. The special effects were spectacular  and there is never a dull moment, so don't even think of leaving your  living room chair to get a beer during this film because you might miss an  important moment. I've watched this movie several times and I can't wait  for it to come out on DVD. Last Crusade is da bomb!!!
B00000J2KT|4.0|Kubrick's one of the few film directors that has managed to incorporate elements of both satire and irony seamlessly into his work. While FMJ isn't Kubrick's best film, it has moments as brilliant as his best.<br />The DVD  transfer is magnificent. The full screen aspect ratio preserves the  original way the film was shot (although not the theatrical presentation).  Very few extras, but a very good film with a number of powerful moments.
0880381736|5.0|This was a wonderful fantasy novel. I felt like I was right there with Raistlin and Caramon,Tasslehoff and Tika, and Tanis and Sturm. It was a book that took me on the adventure of my life. I recomend this and the rest  of  the chronicles.
0789302691|5.0|I am so happy to see this book.  Pearl Jam have deliberately avoided the camera for several years( hoping to limit overexposure), and so we have seen the same photos over and over. What a pleasure to have so many new  ones, all so beautifully done.  I hate to buy unauthorized stuff, so it's  great to have an official book to buy, so I can support the band.  This  book is excellent, better than any of the other stuff I have seen.  You  have got to buy it!
B00000FZ1V|5.0|This DVD impressed me with how much you can fit on a one sided DVD. There are a ton of cool features, I like the Directors on screen comentary and the story bord compare modes. And This is the first &quot;respectable&quot;  movie DVD i've seen with multi-angle support (before and after soecial  effects).  Buy it here! It's $25 at Best buy! My only complaint is the lack  of full screen format. They could have put it on the other side, wide  screen is good, but sometimes you want to watch the non-wide version...
B00000J2KX|1.0|First off, The Shining is one of the top three or four really great horror films ever made.  Kubrick trumps the source material easily.  (Just check out the idiot &quot;King approved&quot; TV mini-series version, for a stark  comparison of brilliance vs. mediocrity).  But, why oh why, does Warner  Bros. release a &quot;Stanley Kubrick collection&quot; version of The  Shining, on the occasion of Kubrick's death, and crap on his legacy by  putting this out as a pan and scam version.  This DVD is for chumps only.   Even the packaging is low ball and feels flimsy. Doesn't WB realize that  the market for this is cinephiles?  Sure, the &quot;Making of the  Shining&quot; featurette is interesting, very interesting in fact.  But,  cinephiles want that delicious widescreen cinematography, not this scanned  bad print. And this print is flawed: it's speckled with dust, washed out,  fluttering at points with what looks like tracking errors.  It appears to  be transfered from the video master used to make the laser disc, with the  detail pumped slightly.  Terrible, terrible job.  I want my money back.   Who is looking out for Kubrick's interests?  SHAME ON WARNER BROTHERS.
B00000J7J4|5.0|This album is a great blend of Santana's latin influence and contemporary collaboration.  I especially like the tracks with Dave Matthews (sounding very Sting-esque) and Everclear.  A prime example of its balance is the  exuberence of Africa Bomba picking you up after the somewhat dark Put Your  Lights On.  Although somewhat transparent in its attempt to reach a broader  audience, this is the freshest Santana album in some time.
B000005ITX|5.0|I was a 10 year old kid living on Maui in 1968 when my big brother brought this album home. He didn't like it too much, and gave it to me. I became mesmorized by the whole thing and played it endless times, wearing it out  completely.  It was so scratched up by the time I was in college that I  melted it into a potato chip bowl just to keep it around.  Flash to 1999.   I'm a 40 year old high school counselor in Colorado watching a Rockies game  on TV while my kids are asleep, and some commercial comes on with this  awesome latin trumpet solo as the background music. I'm thinking &quot;who  is that, what is that...Alone Again Or!!&quot;. Time collapsed into itself.   Love Forever Changes will do that to a listener.  It's in the same class  with &quot;The Court of the Crimson King&quot; and &quot;The 12 Dreams of  Dr. Sardonicus&quot;.  I bought the CD.  My kids love it, but my wife  thinks I'm being a little odd playing it all the time.  Good stuff.
0449002632|3.0|I finished &quot;London&quot; a few days ago and have mixed feelings about it. Overall, I thought the book was an interesting read and that at times Rutherford's style of writing was impressive. I particularly liked the way  he could make London come alive in the historical periods in which the  story was set. The chapters &quot;Lavender Hill&quot; and the chapter where  the cockneys were first introduced (I'm sorry but I don't have my copy with  me) were the most successful in this. However, that said, there were times  when Rutherford's writing was lazy. I thought the book fell short at the  end and I felt somewhat cheated by this. I don't think the last three  chapters portrayed London as well as the rest of the novel had. I got the  sense that Rutherford had gotten tired with writing the novel and wanted to  finish it off as quickly as possible. But, despite these criticisms, it is  an entertaining book to curl up on the couch with. It certainly retained my  attention which a book that long would not have done if I had found it  boring.
0385486804|4.0|Krakauer leaves no path uncovered and no crevice unexamined in his first novel, INTO THE WILD.  It is intense, articulate, and though &quot;detaily&quot; at times, it is as good as any he has written, for all  of you INTO THIN AIR devotee's.  True to Krakauer's style; the ideals,  wanderlust, and short life of Chris McCandless will lead you to believe  McCandless was more than just a stubborn young man, clueless in the Alaskan  unknown.  You will know Chris by the end of the novel, and you will know  Krakauer too.  Using poignant, and often painful, memories from Krakauer's  own early-twenties, he attempts to explain, in part, what McCandless might  have been searching for during his journeys.  These parts are so dense at  times you want to put the novel down to ponder Krakauer's insights at  length, but they are so gripping, you won't be able to stop reading.  A  fascinating, tragic story that proves it is short-sighted to see Krakauer  as a great writer of the outdoors.  He is simply, a great writer.
B00000J2KT|5.0|very cool fil
0790731002|2.0|This film is somewhat lighter than the first two films, and in some ways it works.  We begin to see the campiness of the next sequel, the god-awful &quot;Batman &amp; Robin&quot;.  Jim Carrey does a decent job portraying  the Riddler, but what is up with Two-Face?  Out of all the Bat-villians  portrayed in films, Tommy Lee Jones does the worst job.  He makes his  character totally uninteresting.  If you want to see Two-Face done right,  watch the animated series.
B000000W8C|5.0|Richard Ashcroft is really one of the best vocals of all time...you'll get the proof from both &quot;Urban Hymns&quot; and &quot;A Northern Soul&quot;. &quot;A Northern Soul&quot; is almost as great as &quot;Urban  Hymns&quot;. Richard's lyrical techni is the best since the  Lennon/McCartney era: Soul-healing, romantic, life-exploring....Every  Acoustic part is great, I can't deny this fact. &quot;This Is Music&quot;  is really cool&quot;, &quot;Stormy Clouds&quot; strikes my life...my heart  is melted by the strings of &quot;History&quot;. It's really bad that The  Verve has really become a  &quot;History&quot;!
630420065X|5.0|woodchucks rul
6305470448|5.0|A wonderful historical romp with great costumes, sets and performances. Joseph Fiennes was great (if anything HE deserved an Oscar nomination) and the supporting players were excellent too. Gwyneth Paltrow was totally  believable as an English noblewoman, perfected the accent and had great  chemistry with JF. Her performance was certainly creditable but definitely  didn't deserve the Oscar over Cate Blanchett and anyone who thinks she does  hasn't seen Elizabeth.
B000001Y5J|5.0|This is my favourite NIN album, he incorporates quite a few more heavy elements (especially some guitar work) into his music, which for me makes it easier to grasp as energy/anger music.  My one quibble is that the  Pigface version of Suck is much better than the one on Broken (track 98),  especially the live version with Ogre from Skinny Puppy rather than the  Pigface album with Trent on it.
B000002A3T|4.0|although it contains some great tracks as far as pop music goes, Pink Floyd has never been the same without Roger Waters.  Don't get me wrong, the songs are very ear-pleasing; it's just not this style that made Pink  Floyd great.
B000003TA4|5.0|no weak links, passionate, beautifu
B000000993|5.0|Tool has constantly been a reminder to me of what true &quot;music&quot; is made of.  No other band {or any other group of sick individuals} has been such a strong force upon my own musical depth and creativity.
B000000OQF|5.0|A couple of years ago, I was looking for some good music...I was pretty bored with all of mine...I just happened to decide to buy this. Needless to say I wasn't disappointed with it. Appetite for Destruction is an  incredible cd. Sweet Child o'Mine could possibly be THE power ballad,  Welcome to the Jungle and Paradise City are classic Mtv rockers, and the  album is absolutely packed with other great songs. A personal favorite is  the closer, Rocket Queen. Another couple of good tracks are : I Think of  You, Nighttrain, Mr. Brownstone, It's so Easy... Just buy the cd...it's a  classic and you won't regret it.
B000002J20|1.0|It's been a long time since I've heard this piece of pretentious rubbish, but what I remember the most is laughing out loud at the ridiculous liner notes. Jon Anderson pontificates about finding the meaning of our existence  in a hotel room in Tokyo, reading about Tantric yoga and the number 4 or  something like that. Reading this crap reminded me of Spinal Tap, in that  the whole thing seemed to be a parody of pretentious, prog rock excess,  when in fact it was the real thing! As far as the music goes, I just  remember Wakeman's pointless solos and Jon Anderson's PIERCING tenor. Ouch!  A roomie in college used to play this CD a lot and I had to beg him to not  play it anymore. He compromised and agreed only to play &quot;The Yes  Album&quot; and &quot;Fragile&quot; when I was home, while I agreed not to  play various non-prog selections in his presence. Anyway, I've gone on too  long. I won't say YES is devoid of worth, but this album certainly is.
B000000OSE|4.0|With Appetite for Destruction, Guns N Roses put out a cd with out one weak song on it. Unfortunately the same thing can't be said for Use Your Illusion I or Use Your Illusion II. This is the better of the two cd's  though because of the inclusion of NOVEMBER RAIN, DON'T CRY, COMA,...      There are some classic gnr rockers on this cd- and two power ballads that  match the promise of SWEET CHILD O MINE, but this cd was put together too  hastily to be perfect...if only they would have just released one cd...with  all of the good songs on it...i guess i'm pipe dreaming
B000002J03|1.0|Led Zeppelin is a loud early heavy metal band. I think Elton John, Billy Joel, Amy Grant, Eric Clapton, Chicago and Boston are much more musically talented. Unless you like loud Screaming guitar driven meatal. avoid this  album
B000002VTE|4.0|OK--this album has received lots of reviews.  39 at the time of me having written this one.  I'm very surprised to see so many.  Some are claiming this a masterpiece, & others think it's horrid.  I love Spiritualized,  however, I am beginning to understand more & more all the negative  reviews, being that I feel just that way about \\"Live At The Albert  Hall\\" (see my review for that it you like).  This album DID receive  some major hype--seemingly the most of their 3 albums, & that's a shame, because  they were, seriously, flawless on the 1st 2 albums, Lazer Guided Melodies,  & Pure Phase respectively.  Their pretentiousness was erased,  because Jason was so brilliant in the execution of the tracks--& the overall sound was warm & wonderful.  On this album, the  sound is definitely more harsh & rugged overall.  He seems to feel as  though he can do no wrong.  The opening track, the title song illustrates  this.  It's way overblown with tons of vocal parts going simultaneouly,  & it's also a blatant adaptation of Pachelbel's \\"Canon in D\\"  which I've never seen mentioned, but it's undeniable.  These massive  overdubs work much better on the hard rockers, like the excellent \\"Come  Together\\"--it has a great beat, & the horns & choir are  masterfully & effectively integrated--it's densely layered without sounding excessive--the sound is organic &  natural, which is how Jason is at his best, & it's a very potent song.   \\"Cop Shoot Cop...\\", with Dr. John on piano, gets stretched out to over 16 minutes via an extended noise-making session, but the first 7 minutes worth are extremely powerful (with Jason CLEARLY 'borrowing' from Flash And The Pan's \\"California\\").  The sad fact though, is that Jason seems to be thinking more is always  better, as evident by the wailing gospel choir at the end of \\"Cool  Waves\\", as well as its pretty, yet somehow out of place, flute solo.   It's also easy to see how many curious listeners who bought this from all  the good reveiws would get sickfrom the full blown orchestra of  \\"Broken Heart\\"--it's an affecting song, though it's tough to  argue it's not a little bit too much in spots.  Jason's great talents as an arranger & producer are evident throughout,  but, it's just that, on some tracks, he's gone a bit too far.  However, it  would be a shame that listeners would be be put off by this great great  band from this album, because this isn't the one to start with.  The  indulges plaguing this album are entirely abset on the lovely \\"Lazer  Guided Melodies\\"--I'm sure many would argue with me, but the sound of  those albums is just so organic like the music is coming from Heaven.   Start with that one & Pure Phase--if you've already started here, go  back, & perhaps, change your mind on the group (at least a little bit).   (:
B00000099Y|5.0|I can't write anything that would give this band the justice that they deserve.  If the rest of the MTV world didn't suck so much they'd realize that tool is worthy of the fame and recognition that equally talented and  creative groups like Pink Floyd get.  Tool should be legendary, they're  songs are amazing, their lyrics are cool, they can actually PLAY their  instruments (not like many popular bands I shan't mention).  Their third  album is as good as any album gets, equally as good as such classics as  Tool's own Untertow, White Zombie's La Sexorcisto and Rage's first release.   This is a must have for any hard rock fan or lover of fine, well  constructed, rock music.
068815333X|4.0|Prepare to sit down and turn some pages. This latest Dennis Lehane mystery offers twists and turns along with its sweep of Boston's neighborhoods, cutting a wide path across the soci-economic landscape. Violent deaths and  bloodshed characterize Lehane's work. Not for those with quesy  stomachs.<br />Highly recommended.
B000001GXB|5.0|I know very little of Maurizo Pollini, but he plays through Beethoven's late piano sonatas wonderfully.  Opus 106 &quot;Hammerklavier&quot; is stunning, and opus 111 is especially beautiful.  You will not be  disappointed in these CDs.
B000000OSG|4.0|Use your illusion 2 is a good cd, but is no where as good as Appetite for destruction ...what guns n roses should've done was combine the two illusion cds onto one disc...ok here's my version of what the cd should've  been...RIGHT NEXT DOOR TO HELL, DUST N BONES, DON'T CRY (ORIGINAL), PERFECT  CRIME, NOVEMBER RAIN, THE GARDEN, COMA, CIVIL WAR, 14 YEARS, KNOCKIN ON  HEAVEN'S DOOR, PRETTY TIED UP, SO FINE, ESTRANGED, AND YOU COULD BE  MINE...it would've, should've , could've been a mind blowing album...
6305095574|5.0|Excellent movie. Evil dead is the best movie i ever have seen. Lot`s of gore and good actor`s. Bruce Campbell does and brilliant job as an actor. Probably the best i ever have seen. Thank you Sam Raimi, for and incredible  good movie. I recommend everybody to see the film. All of my friends loved  it too, when i showed it to them.
078062565X|5.0|This movie STILL holds up good, considering it was released in the 30's. The action and FX were all good, although Kong's dancing fur is a little cheesy. Kong himself is a very intimidating beast. The grandfather of all  giant monster movies.
0140067477|5.0|I congratulate Benjamin Hoff and his accomplishment with the Tao of Pooh.  This was one of the best books that I have read on the subject of Taoism.  Hoff explains a rather complex philosophy in regular terms.  I really  enjoyed reading this book and I would reccommend it to anyone.
B000002H70|5.0|Remarkable...I got this CD when it first came out, because I had loved &quot;Kiss me&quot; and &quot;standing on a beach&quot;  Love this one best of all, best of almost any album I've ever had, because of 2 songs (though  i like it all):  the same deep water as you and prayers for rain.  After 10  years, they still haunt me.  Some friends have dismissed the former as long  and boring...all i can say is  you are not hearing what i hear in this  piece. it totally shakes my foundations!  Also love &quot;if only tonight  we could sleep&quot; &quot;like cockatoos&quot; just one more time&quot;  &quot;charlotte sometimes&quot; and &quot;close to me&quot;.  Anyway,an  incredible band  (not so great lately) whose best work is underappreciated.
B000002NJS|1.0|No matter how much you like Madonna I would not recommend this album to you. She tries way too hard to sound older and spiritual and just turns out sounding boring and crappy.
B00000J2KX|5.0|First, let me say that I love this movie. It's the best horror film ever made. I can never get enough of this one man!!! See, the problem is with Warner!!!!! What the hell is wrong with you guys!!!??? You took a great  masterpiece and put it on a dvd, and it doesn't really look that much  better than myvhs copy.THAT'S BAD!!!! If you are gonna put a movie down on  dvd, do it right. What's with all the flickering, and jittering, and dirt  particles, and........... well, u get the point. I've waited for this one  tooooo long man, and now, I wish I had just stuck with my vhs tape. Isn't  that what dvd is all about anyway? BETTER than a tape, extras, and just  damn great. I'll always love this film, if you haven't seen it.........(why  the hell not) DO SO!!!!!!!! Just not o dvd.
6301763041|5.0|I usually don't like Johnny depp, but I am totally obsessed with him now. he is soooooo cute in Crybaby! The movie has a great storyline, funny dialogue and is a great bubble-gum romance. I always simg along to the  music and have done various song from the movie for talent shows [and  won]including, Please, Mr. Jailor and Teenage Prayer. I don't understand  why people didn't like the movie and I think the one-star should be  strapped to a chair and forced to watch it over and over, [that would be  really cool for me]. The only thing i didn't like was that Allison got him  instead of ME!!!!!!!!!!s
B000002U82|3.0|'Dark Side of the Moon' is the least battered album in my Pink Floyd collection. I get it out occasionally to listen to 'Time'. (I listen to 'Brain Damage' and 'Eclipse' off the 'Works' album.) There are other Floyd  albums which have superior playing and more interesting lyrical and  conceptual ideas. 'The Wall', for all its glaring imperfections, is one of  them. 'Wish You Were Here ' is another. Sorry, your Majesty.
068484267X|5.0|This is a very good book I read for my 10th grade English class.  It is an easy read and like Pringles, once you start (reading), you can't stop.  When I first saw the book and the teacher told the class that we only had  two weeks to read the 300-page book, I freaked out because with all my  other work at my other classes, I had no idea how I'm going to have the  chance to read the book.  But, when I started reading the book, it was  practically impossible to stop because you always want to know what happens  next.  I can't wait for his next book I believe called &quot;'Tis&quot;.   And also a movie of Angela's Ashes.  I am now reading the book of Frank  McCourt's brother, Malachy McCourt, called &quot;A Monk Swimming&quot;  which is so far so good.
B00000J2KT|3.0|Screen trimming really detracts!  Its the only DVD option, and I enjoy the movie so much that its better than nothing - but it needs to be seen in the widescreen aspect ratio to be truly appreciated. If you are a fan of the  movie, get it.  If you are a fan of the genre but maybe not this movie in  particular, stick to letterboxed titles!
B000005S37|1.0|If your only top 40 song was &quot;Walk On The Wild Side&quot;,and the first four albums of your career were utterly ignored,wouldn't you make a noise to get noticed ?Whatever his intentions were,a two record set is a  bit much of ANYBODY.A 45 would have gotten the job done cheaper.By the  way,is there any other Lou Reed album that people talk about as much as MMM  ?
B000002UAO|4.0|'Rubber Soul' is classic mid-period Beatles, illustrating their mastery of pure pop melody and songwriting. More mature than any of the material that they had recorded up to that point, it paved the way for the more  experimental (and more accomplished) 'Revolver' in 1966. That's not to say,  of course, that 'Rubber Soul' lacks invention. The sitar riff that enhances  'Norwegian Wood' was a breakthrough, and 'Drive My Car' is often credited  as being the first 'role-reversed' song in rock history, with the song's  decidedly liberated anti-heroine being given the sassy closing lines 'I got  no car / and it's breaking my heart / but I found a driver / and that's a  start'. Women who lead men on is also the theme of 'Norwegian Wood'. I've  always loved the deliberate ambiguity that John Lennon left in the lyrics -  does the frustrated would-be lover curl up in front of the fire and wait  for the woman to come home from work for another attempt at seduction, or  does he vengefully commit arson? <br />'Nowhere Man' is thematically a  prototype of 'Strawberry Fields' (the musical setting is incongruous,  though; those 'oooooh la la la's' sound far too cheerful for the subject  matter), but it doesn't quite work for me (or John Lennon for that matter;  he was later to remark that the lyrics were 'trite'). 'In My Life' is an  all-time Beatles classic that's up among my favourites. Brilliant,  brilliant song that works all the better for being fairly short. 'Michelle'  is the sound of Paul McCartney trying a little too hard; I can't hear it  without having visions of purple-suited lounge singers. (It's that little  guitar solo in the middle that does it, I reckon.)  <br />Ultimately, it's the  inclusion of somewhat weaker songs like'Run For Your Life' and the  nondescript 'The Word' that prevent 'Rubber Soul' from being ranked as  highly as 'Revolver' in this phase of the Beatles' development. As its  best, though, it has a rare combination of wit and musicality that make ita worthwhile purchase.
1558908358|5.0|Just after the light cycles exit the game grid and that guy with the v on his forhead is yelling &quot;GET THEM&quot; check out the right hand side of the screen...... if you look closely you can see a pacman game! :)
630021463X|1.0|By far the worst of the Trek Films.  It makes the Search for Spock look like Grand Illusion.  As a series, the Star Trek Films have been going downhill since The Wrath of Khan. <br />The attempts at humor remain attempts.   The characterizations are sketchy.  The situations are cliched.  And the  ridiculousness of a two-hour Save The Whale commercial lifts this turkey  right into Ed Wood territory.
0141301104|5.0|As far as the book goes, it's definitely one of Dahl's best and funniest... even I was rooting for the hero to get the &quot;witches&quot;...  Well worth reading.  Let's just all remember that  this book is not meant to be religious-themed... witches aren't evil and  mean, anymore than they can turn kids into mice (even though sometimes I  wish I could! *s*).  Thank the Goddess that mice can't write reviews!!!
0375707972|3.0|When I bought this book, it was because of the unusual name and the fact that it was a New York Times Bestseller.  Also, I had read another Oprah book, and thoroughly enjoyed it.  I decided that perhaps Oprah and I had  the same taste for books, what I like to call life books.   While I adored  &quot;She's Come Undone&quot; by Wally Lamb and am enjoying what I've read  so far of &quot;Jewel&quot; by Bret Lott, this books seems to have left me  asking too many questions.  I feel as if I don't have closure.  While there  were some beautifully written passages and clever word usage, I really  think this book could have ended after Hanna left him for the army.  It  wouldn't have had much point then, but at least it wouldn't have rambled on  for the next hundred passages.  I felt as if the author had much to say,  but wasn't really able to say it eloquently or articularly.  While it did  leave me with some deep thoughts about the Holocaust and made me once again  think about this awful tragedy, I feel something was lacking in the  writing.  I felt almost as if the author wasn't able to really identify  with the tragedy, or if he was he couldn't really put into words or portray  what he was really feeling.     All in all, it was an okay book, but  definitely not as good or as well-written as Miss Winfrey's other choices.   =) =)
B00000IOSU|5.0|Sarah McLachlan is the single best female artist of today. Her music is hauntingly beautiful and touching. I could listen to her for hours...and have. Mirrorball is as good as I expected!
0312962118|5.0|The brother of a KGB spy is actually a CIA sp
B00000J7S8|5.0|This jazz is jumpy and cheery with fabulous orchestral as well as vocal works.Truly one of the best jazz singers of the modern age
B00000JGHM|4.0|I've always felt terribly let down by the famous cafe scene in this movie (the one in which DeNiro and Pacino sit across from one another).  While it's incredible to see two such huge stars in the same frame, the dialogue  makes me cringe.  Somehow, this &quot;I'm going to have to take you  down,&quot; &quot;No, I'm going to have to take YOU down&quot; posturing  demeans both characters and needlessly foreshadows their fateful meeting in  the film's climax.  I figure that once Mann got these two guys in their  seats he was just bowled over by what he had and didn't know quite how to  handle it.  That's a shame, because that scene could have been so much  more.
B00000JPH5|5.0|is this a remake of the 1986 classi
B000005H7D|5.0|Every track is a killer.  But his solo on the title track is in my opinion, the best blues solo ever recorded - it writes the book.
6301969294|5.0|I really enjoyed this movie and Patricia Neal is hot in this one
B000005RTG|5.0|I was a huge Purple/Blackmore fan when this was released, and I nervously bought it.  Not long after, Tommy Bolin became my all-time favorite rock musician.  He is the dominant creative force behind this recording, and  took Purple in a new direction. He made a lot of money with them, had some  weird experiences (like his bodyguard getting pushed down an elevator shaft  in Jakarta) that seemed to presage his own tragic death.  It also spurred  Blackmore onto Rainbow, whose first album was brilliant. Too bad Tommy  didn't sing more on this one, but his single short verse on  &quot;Dealer&quot; is the sweetest moment on the record.  His incredibly  progressive fusion tune &quot;Owed to G&quot; is like something I never  heard on another &quot;rock&quot; album until his &quot;Teaser&quot;, and  some later Jeff Beck recordings.  I suppose it isn't Purple's definitive  record, but it is their most interesting in many ways.
B000003JBM|5.0|This is one of the few hip-hop albums I can truly say speaks to all.  It is any album which I can actually listen to with my parents and not fill uncomfortable.  It is an album which is introspective. I would classify  this as adult contemporary hip-hop, smooth beats more suitable for a coffee  shop or sitting at home relaxing. This album is a far cry for the  dance-crazy nonsense which pass for hip-hop in mainstream culture.  I first  got introduced to the album by an aquaintance who thought that &quot;Take A  Look at Yourself&quot; would be good theme music for a public service show  we produced in high school. The music stuck for good reason, it was  relative to our message of self-examination amongst youth and it was just  good music. I am 21 and a born-again Christian, so I feel that   I should  put away childish things. This includes most of hip-hop today, with its  blasphemous, hedonistic messages foul language and rehearsed formulas for  hits.  Guru's album is one of the few I won't put away in the closet  because it contains no of these things.  Its not Christian hip-hop, but it  is intelligent, artistic music focused at a more sophisticated crowd than  you would find at a Ma$e autograph signing. It is hip-hop for those of us  pass a 16 year old's mentality.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I can't stop listening to this CD. I was hesitant to buy it after reading the reviews from the usual places; but once more it shows that you are the best critic.  Something old, something new, what a great effort, except for  the somewhat disappointing song with Eric Clapton.
6303471714|5.0|I bought this video a couple of years ago and had forgotten about it.  Three months ago I pulled it out of my closet and popped it in.  I have been doing this tape consistently now and feel so proud of the results.  I  mix alternate days with the Kathy Smith toning exercises to add variety.  I  have also become much more flexible and can do the splits again with her  lengthening exercises.
B00000J2KX|2.0|What a waste of a fantastic release opportunity that this great movie, with beautiful cinematography, but NOT WIDESCREEN.  We are missing so much of the &quot;picture&quot; in this picture that it is a shame.
B00000JCB2|1.0|How anyone can support these bunch of no talents is beyond me.  This disc is a shining example of how far the music business has fallen.  L.B. are an amalgamation of about five different bands which they poorly imitate.
B00000J2KT|3.0|Had to add this classic to the collection, but the &quot;Dolby 5.1&quot; , which is all I collect, is worse than poor! My Sony decoder shows it is created in Dolby 5.1, but don't get it expecting great sound effects!  Nothing special comes out  of the rear tracks. Maybe a characteristic of  old movies? Still, a classic that I will keep.
6302824613|5.0|So it's not a straight forward film adaptation of the original novel it's supposed to be based on. Who cares! It's still a great film. As another reviewer said, the original Austin Powers! I'm fond of late 1960's films,  and this one has it all, the humor, the fashions, and best of all, all of  the beautiful women in it. Jacqueline Bisset has a bit part in it (billed  as Jacky Bisset), Joanna Pettet, Ursula Andress, and many, many other  beautiful women are in it. I've got the VHS, but a widescreen deluxe DVD of  this movie would be even better. Where's the petition, I'll sign it!
B000002UDG|5.0|This CD has a great assortment of some of the best of Paul McCartney's work.  If you're going to buy just one album of McCartney's music, this is the one.
0767836251|5.0|If you enjoy sex, drugs, and betrayal then this is the movie you should watch, it's amazing, the acting (Sarah Michelle Gellar and Ryan Phillipe) is incredible, they have that sort of sexual tension going on all the  movie. The plot is well thought and carefully represented in the movie.  Great acting, great scenes and an amazing cast!!!!!!
6303407161|5.0|I found Quizshow very entertaining. The detailed work of the sets and costumes really brought the movie true to life.  This movie is real treat for viewer who were not born at that time.
B000002O1Q|5.0|This is a great CD and a great movie.  No Where Fast and Tonight is What it Means to be Young are fast paced dance songs with the flavor of Meatloaf or maybe Rocky Horror - wait, Meatloaf was IN Rocky Horror.  Hum....  The  Blasters are good too - One Bad Stud is another great dance song and  everybody loves I Can Dream About You.  Listen to the music.  Watch the  movie.  You'll love it!
6300182282|5.0|This had to be Alan Alda's best work next to M.A.S.H.  I only wish that will able to see the stage version of this movie one day.
B00000JPH5|5.0|The plot reminds me of &quot;The Wizard of OZ&quot;. The girl (hero) is searching for her baby brother, who has been kidnapped by the Goblin King. Along the way, she meets friends and helpers. Of course, the quest is about  growing up; about taking responsibilty for one's own actions. The friends  are WONDERFUL. My kids and I LOVED this film - it offers something for  everyone. Great conversation starter, and great entertainment.
0930289234|5.0|in my opinion the best comic book series ever to be published. a rich tale with a rich cast that is so brilliant that one will be absorbed immediatly. plagued with mystery and conspiracy. this one will be a favorite for all  time.
B00000J7J4|5.0|This is one if not the most incredible compulation from the immortal legend Carlos Santana.His talent is complemented by Dave Matthews, Lauryn Hill, Eric Clapton and many others. If your are not a fan of Santana you  soon will be.
B00000JCB2|5.0|loved i
B000002B7W|5.0|This CD is simply the best of all of Ozzy's work! Randy Rhoads just engulfs you in his guitar brilliance and you're left awe-struck. Randy is truly missed...&quot;I guess that we'll meet, we'll meet in the  end.&quot;~Chels
079073382X|5.0|I WATCHED BEFORE SUNRISE FOR THE FIRST TIME WHILST I WAS TRAVELING AROUND EUROPE, AND I FELT THAT THE LITTLE SITUATIONS THAT DELPY AND HAWKE EXPERIENCED WERE VERY MUCH LIKE MY OWN. I FELL IN LOVE WITH THE FILM AND  CONSEQUENTLY HAVE WATCHED IT OVER AND OVER AGAIN.
B00000ADG2|4.0|It is a very good album, lyrically and vocally, but it is not hard for her to shine when much of hip hop and rap is garbage. She's able to stand apart because she does not have much competition in her particular category of  music. I give her props for being unique and bringing some intelligence and  sense of social responsibility to rap and hip hop that hasn't been done  since the days of Arrested Development and Public Enemy.
B00000FCBC|5.0|Dont care what people say, they have got a little softer, but they still rock.  I suggest you go get this cd. My favorite songs are &quot;Sabbra Cadabbra&quot;, &quot;Loverman&quot;, &quot;Die,Die,Die, my  Darling,&quot;Stone Cold Crazy&quot;, and &quot;Whiskey in the Jar.&quot;
B00000IMYA|5.0|The quality of sound is amazing. The music will blow you over.  The rescued tracks like &quot;Skin Deep&quot; with an incredible drum solo will make you drop to your knees.  The live sound of the record will make you  feel you are actually sitting in the audience going crazy about the music  like the way it originally was (especially during and after  &quot;Diminuendo and Crescendo.&quot; A must have for any serious jazz  musician and enthusiast.  It definitely blows the original recording away.
B000002MX7|5.0|I absolutely love Chaka Khan - her songs bring back so many childhood memories {not that I'm that old} - but I can remember sitting and listening to the radio on a hot summer afternoon with a few friends - just enjoying  life - in it's purest and rawest form - Ms. Khan is &quot;BAD&quot; - as  the kids today say she is the &quot;BOMB&quot; !!  or better yet &quot;YOU  GO GIRL&quot;
B00000IMYA|5.0|The quality of sound is amazing. The music will blow you over.  The added tracks like &quot;Skins&quot; with an incredible drum solo will make you drop to your  knees.  A must have for any serious jazz musician and  enthusiast.  Blows the original recording away.
6305291446|1.0|What in the world did the real Halloween fans do to deserve this mess??  By saying the REAL Halloween fans, I refer to the ones who loved the series even before Scream was released and made horror the trendy 'in' thing with  the lame teenage audience.  That's eactly what Halloween H20 succumbs to,  it's a lame film (save the performance of Curtis) cut from the Scream mold  rendering it completel contrived, plotless and just plain dumb.This  pathetic excuse for a sequel ignores parts 4-6 acting as a sequel only to  the first two Myers installments popping the question, &quot;if 4-6 never  happened, what was Myers doing for 20 years?&quot;  Well it's never  answered, and quite frankly the film never  tries to explain anything.   It's 'hip' in-jokes are tired, it's 'scares' horribly pedestrian and it's  plot, non existant.  No self-respecting horror fan would call this crap  scary because it contains a few jumps, seriousy folks, Halloween H20 is  just junk.  Stick to Carpenter's orginal or even the underrated Halloween  4, truly the best sequel in the series, forget about this bunk, it emerges  as an ode to teenie bopper Scream fans on its best day.
B000003PLZ|4.0|The other reviewers got it right. This album is the most mature and confident of the old Snake. After all, a band with Coverdale, Lord, Paice (all three ex-Purple) plus Moody,Marsden and Murray, all of them writing  good and honest rock music, such a band could do no wrong.<br />It is  interesting that this album was a hit in the UK and Europe, but was  virtually ignored in the US. Probably America's rockers were only paying  attention to more flamboyant bands like Van Halen, who admittedly played  a  more modern style. Whitesnake was carrying the tradition of British hard  rock. Like Bad Company, the material consisted of cocky  rock 'n'roll and  careful arranged and passionate sung ballads. They never forgot the blues  influences and, with the proper care to avoid  comparisons to disco, they  played one or another funkier tune.<br />The album begins with lots of energy:  &quot;Fool for your loving&quot;, the first hit single, is catchy;  &quot;Sweet Talker&quot; (&quot;The bitch is in heat/ So you'd better  run&quot;)and &quot;Ready and Willing&quot; are perhaps Coverdale and the  boys at their best in cock rock. The blatant sexual content of the songs  might prevent the critics from taking them seriously, but in the context of  hard rock, that's allright. After all, if &quot;I'm gonna give you every  inch of my love&quot; is a classic line from one of the most respected  bands in rock history, then I can dig the mucho macho attitude of the old  Snake. &quot;Love Man&quot; (in a 12-bar blues format), &quot;Black and  Blue&quot; (piano-driven mid-tempo rock 'n' roll) and &quot;She's a  Woman&quot; (fast and loud with releasing screaming) keep the hormones  flowing. <br />But there was also a more sensitive side of the Snake.  &quot;Carry your load&quot; is an endearing song. The epic suffering of  &quot;Blindman&quot; is impressive, although I prefer the original version  from the 1976 David's solo album. And &quot;Ain't Gonna Cry No More&quot;  is the highlight. Everything's right in this song: the acoustic beginning,  the sound of Lord's synth, the superb vocals and when the whole band  enters, it is just a thrill. No virtuoso heavy rock, for sure, but there  are the right doses of emotion, talent and genuine affection for rock  music.<br />Recommended, of course. Why didn't I give 5 stars? Even  recognising the value of READY AND WILLING, I still prefer TROUBLE and COME  AND GET IT. But if you want to have only one old Snake album, READY AND  WILLING is probably the most essential studio work. But don't forget LIVE  IN THE HEART OF THE CITY, that contains the best of READY... and more in  amazing energetic renditions.
1573225517|4.0|I confess.  I went through all the reviews that really hated this book (three stars or fewer).  The consensus among those readers seems to be that they hate reading books about people they don't like. (???)  There was also  the criticism of alleged plotlessness.  This is NOT a mystery novel or some  19th century plot-driven doorstop.<br />This book follows Rob Fleming from the  day that he gets dumped by his live-in girlfriend through his reactions to  their break-up and into their reunion.  It seems like a plot to me.  One  also puts down the book at the end believing that Rob has actually learned  something from everything that has happened to him in the book.  The fact  that his attitude toward mix tape making ends up being the symbol of his  incremental maturation is delightful.  I'm jealous of any man who doesn't  identify with Rob.  I'm afraid of any woman who thinks that Laura's  post-reconciliation behavior is OK.  <br />I suppose that this is not a  particularly deep book because its not about anything particularly  universal.  I'd be surprised if anybody other than under-40 middle class  people from North European and North American industrial societies has any  idea what Hornby is going on about most of the time.  But the insights into  the lives of that particular group of people are sharp, plentiful and, most  importantly, leave you feeling part of something bigger than yourself.   Phew.
0767802772|5.0|This is the cutest romantic movie!  It isn't the least bit depressing like so many others I've seen.  I loved how Alex and Isabelle didn't back out of a hasty decision they made, unlike so many other couples.  Also, what  Isabelle's friend  says is true:  Las Vegas really does grow on you! Very  pretty scenery in this movie.  I recommend seeing it; you will love it if  you like to laugh out loud.
B00000JBCP|1.0|Mana no es un grupo representativo de la musica mexicana (Mana is not a  band that really represents Mexican music). Todo su exito se basa en copiar  los primeros discos de Police (All its success is based on stealing the  style from The Police's early albums). Ademas, son demasiado habladores y  solo se dedican a criticar y provocar pleitos y falta de union entre los  artistas hispanos (Besides, they talk too much and they love to create  fights and friction among Latin singers)
B000000W5P|5.0|incredibly entertaining and sometimes moving, this album is a must have for any stones or rock fan.
0375707972|1.0|How arrogant that her shame in being unable to read and write would be the premise of such a pitifull life.  It is really almost sick and I too and surprised at Oprah - I have enjoyed almost all of her previous  picks.
6303979890|5.0|It was so good I really couldn't get out of my seat
B000000H57|1.0|This CD is one of the most boring, slow moving albumns I've ever heard. The lyrics are extremely stupid, the music's anoying, just like every other Type O negative albumn I've heard.  If you like this band stick with Bloody  Kisses. Unlike Bloody Kisses, October Rust has nothing to offer the  listener.
B000002JPA|5.0|I first heard their 'Images and and words' in 1996, and I was totally amazed. Their song structure is absolutely amazing. Every couple of seconds there is a rhythm or a tempo change. It is never boring to listen to their  music.As far as I know, is that all of them have studied music, and I think  everyone can tell that they know what their instruments can do. Live -  they're totally unbelievable. They can do about everything on their  instruments. The drummer and keyboarder played catch with the drumsticks  without losing the rhythm!
B000005QKJ|4.0|I thought this was a great sequal to Alien; Aliens picked right up where the other left off.  The action starts right away in Ripley's nightmare sequence.  This movie is definately action-packed but I didn't find it TOO  gory.  One improvement from the first movie was the slight change in the  appearance of the aliens..  Rather than a tall skinny man jumping around in  a costume, these &quot;zenomorphs&quot; were made to look more like  insects.  Much scarier.  I loved being introduced to the new alien creature  towards the end of the film.  I definately recommend this movie if you're  in the mood for a great horror movie or an action video.  Good story line,  nice effects, lots of surprises.   But by the way, did anyone else notice  that when it shows the Marine space ship floating in space it looks exactly  like a gun (it even had a trigger at the bottom).  Oh well, no matter.   It's still a good one.  Watch it!
B000002J5K|5.0|The soundtrack was phenomenal.  I love blues, and, in an era of pop, hip-hop, and alternative, they're hard to come by. I recommend this CD to anyone who loves blues like I do. The greats are all there... Aretha  Franklin, Ray Charles, Cab Calloway. As for the movie, well it didn't do  much but provide me with a few memorable quotes and a couple of laughs. Not  earth shattering, but hey, who expected it to be?
156224003X|5.0|This is a truly a great book...it indentifies, and deconstructs fear and inadequacy in the realm of music performance...Werner explains the many reasons why musicians do not play up to their potential...he offers a  direct access to applied musical experience and virtuosity by way of 1.)  establishing a new rapport with the music/ instrument &lt;THE SPACE&gt;  2).honest self-realization (getting rid of the need to sound good, the  necessity of being detached, so that &quot;...we can be honest without  becoming depressed&quot;. 3). New practice techniques &lt;THE FIVE MINUTE  TECHNIQUE&gt; 4).Affirmations &lt;MUSIC IS EASY/THERE ARE NO WRONG  NOTES/EVERY NOTE I PLAY IS THE MOST BEAUTIFUL SOUND I HAVE EVER HEARD, I AM  GREAT, I AM A MASTER, and a bonus CD, which is a guided meditation of all  of the above. He talks about the &quot;Monk Principle&quot;, and  facilitates shifts in thinking, like, MUSIC IS NOT HARD, JUST UNFAMILIAR.  He has many inciteful suggestions,  &quot;Mimic Playing&quot;, and  &quot;PLAYING FAST&quot; to name a couple, all of which are  designed to  &quot;rewire&quot; the way we view ourselves. In short, he shows us how to  give ourselves permission to be great musicians. Add this book to your  regime, and I guarantee, you'll be cookin'! Thanks Kenny!
0312954468|5.0|Seldom has a historical novel, much less one that is well over 600 pages, enchanted and enraptured me the way &quot;River God&quot; had.  This is truly a romantic action-adventure of the highest caliber.  It is also  fast-paced and written in a fluid, sparse style that keeps the plot moving  swiftly, since I don't usually finish 600+ page novels within the course of  a week.
B00000IFWE|5.0|I thought this was one of Tom Petty's best albums.  Some of the songs were just good old fashioned rock and roll tunes, while others were just inspirational songs from someone who sounds like their luck has been better  than it is now.  To be honest, the only song I didn't like was the one they  keep playing on the radio &quot;Free Girl&quot;.  The other songs are  awesome.  Especially &quot;Swingin'&quot;.
6301976983|5.0|I would like to thank everyone for the wonderful reviews. Tim Holt was my father and &quot;Treasure&quot; was always my favorite movie.  It's nice to know that his work is still being appreciated.  By the way, the man in the  &quot;flop house&quot; scene who is talking with Walter Huston is my  grandfather, Jack Holt. He just happened to be visiting the set that day  and John Huston thought it would be fun to include him in the film!
B000006OS2|4.0|Classic taming of the shrew out west. Reteams the Duke and Maureen O'Hara. They are outstanding together. (Rio Grande, The Quiet Man) Good cast plays it tongue in cheek throughout. My wife sure could pass on the spanking  stuff. It does feel uncomfortable le in these times. The mud-slide scene  still cracks me up.
0783229321|5.0|you buy American Graffiti at the same time. They're a pair
0684867621|2.0|What happend to Stephen King when Stephen King was good. Pet Sematary: now that was a great King book. The Bachman Books are hard to beat. Rose Madder was excellent. But then comes Bag of Bones and this. King has lost his old  charm and writing skill in the persuit of something more literary, and it  is causing me to stick with his old stuff and other authors. The only  reason I finished this book was that I listened to it on audio, and even  then it was a struggle. I am a fan of Stephen King, not Jack London. ... it belongs in Young Adult Adventure. Well, I guess I am left to  reading the old King and hoping that some day he'll come back in his former  glory.
B00000J8EK|2.0|I was extremely disappointed with this CD.  I thought this was going to be the best release of 1999, but it turns out it was far from it. I miss the styles used on Dig your Own Hole &amp; Exit Planet Dust and I think this  was a weak effort on part of the Chemical Brothers.<br />Certainly, songs like  'Let forever be' &amp; 'Out of Control' are truly excellent, it is the rest  of the songs that weigh down the CD.  If you were expecting something great  from the Chemical Brothers, then wait until the next release.
6302529867|2.0|The scenery was great, but character development was non-existent.  I really didn't care about any of the characters, because I didn't feel like I knew them!  Many technical errors, too, I think, on the climbing end.   I'm no expert, but who would climb an 8000 meter peak without a team doctor  or a Gamov bag?  The scenery, however, was pretty amazing...it's definitely  a nice movie to look at!
B000002J09|5.0|This cd has many of zeppelin's greatests hit like going to califoria; black dog; and a personal favorite of mine; stairway to heaven.  This cd is well worth the money
6303402348|5.0|This is one of the most profound love stories of all time. I was moved to tears. Its themes of redemption (Jenny, Lieutenant Dan), life's purpose, commitment, and love unbounded are powerfully presented.  It should  challenge anyone to make the most of his or her God-given gifts.  My  favorite movie of all time.
B000002KHH|5.0|Combines heavy and fairly primitive guitars with Ozzy threshing voice. Any metal collector MUST have this album. If you never got into Black Sabbath in the 70's,though, you shouldn't buy this cd. You have to be familiar with  it to understand its sheer power. On the other hand, if you like  metal...buy,buy,buy! Iron Man and War Pigs still blow me away today. If  your not into Sabbath yet, definitly buy this album before the others. This  CD is a classic and will always ROCK!<br />&quot;Make a joke and I will sigh  and you will laugh and I will cry. Happiness I can not feel and love to me  is so unreal&quot; -Lyrics from &quot;Paranoid&quot;,Paranoid
B000002VMH|5.0|I saw the movie &quot;striptease&quot; with Demi Moore, and I liked the music, but could never find a soundtrack album. This is it. The music is beautiful and smoky.  The perfect line of all is in the song  &quot;Cold&quot;. It says &quot;dying is easy, it's living that scares me  to death&quot;. That is so perfect, because it's so true. She has a sultry,   ensnaring voice. Also, whoever wrote the words is a wonder. This album is  a must for lenox fans. If you don't understand what I mean by a smoky  voice, rent &quot;Striptease&quot; withDemi Moore.
0670880728|5.0|I found the book ended too soon for me though, I would of loved to have a couple more months worth of entries...just to see how things are going.
B000002UB3|5.0|What can I say ? It's impossible to describe with words. It's perfect. Hype ? No hype at all. It is just PERFECT.
B00000JLXG|2.0|The plot was horrible in Titanic.  The only impressive thing (which saved it from a one star rating) was its special effects.
6301562925|3.0|I think that this movie was made simply to make money.  I am a HUGE fan of these movies, and I think this was the worst of all of them.  There are to many senseless killings.  Michael is supposed to be going after his  relatives (in this movie, his niece Jaime).  But in this sequel he goes off  and kills a bunch of (extrememly annoying) teenagers that are in no way  stopping him from getting to Jamie.  I feel that this was the worst of the  series.
0679805273|5.0|When I graduated from high school my teacher read this book to my class.  It gave me strength to face the world out of high school.  I gave a copy to my roommate who was going through some tough decisions about her major.  I also bought it for another friend who has to make career choices as  well.  It is a great reminder for people when they come of age to remember  their childhood.  When decisions were a lot easier.
6304938241|5.0|Allison Elliott gave an excellent performance!  The plot was remarkable and easy to follow.  The love triangle was thrilling and kept me on the edge of my seat the entire time.  I loved it!
0375707972|3.0|Full of questions, wonderments, and themes, The Reader overloads you with morals and overwritten questions. A book with few errors, but also with little to excite who is reading the book.
0783229569|5.0|i had to go on opening night, and i believe that most of the other freaks in los angeles were in the theatre with me-- i've never seen such a seemingly arbitrary group of people-- yuppies from bel air, middle-aged  hippies and greasers from hollywood, art-house hipsters, stoned college  students, etc.  the nonstop explosions of laughter this group emitted from  start to finish should quell the critics' condemnation of the material  being &quot;dated&quot; and &quot;irrevelant.&quot;  in the words of the  immortal hst-- &quot;f*** no, thank you kindly.&quot;  such insight (and  humor) into americana and the twists of the human psyche will never pass  out of date, and gilliam's vision, combined with the unsurpassable  performances of depp and del toro, should surely make this an american (if  cult) classic, deserving to go on the shelf right next to the book itself.
068484267X|5.0|Laughter and sobbing quickly blend to together to give the reader a splendid tale, true at that, of an innocent child surviving the most cruel poverty. The book is remarkably uplifting.
B000002OX7|5.0|This CD is the best rock CD you'll ever find.  Everyone should be required to sit down and love this CD!!! :)  Who can argue with &quot;Behind Blue Eyes&quot;, &quot;Baba O'Reilly&quot;, &quot;Getting In Tune&quot;,  &quot;Won't Get Fooled Again&quot;?  PURE CLASSIC ROCK!
6304044836|5.0|I saw the first Sabrina when I was about 12 years old, and remember the &quot;egg cracking&quot; scene. I even attempted to do it. (And succeeded). However, the remake is much more in tune with today's lifestyles. This is  definitely a movie for those hopeless romantics out there.  I could watch  it every day and not get tired of it.  Harrison Ford and Julia Ormond had  outstanding performances in this picture. This is one movie you don't want  to miss. I bought it for my private collection and have not been sorry.
630518299X|5.0|The Truman Show does not need Hollywood icons.  Any critique or praise of the people ACTING the roles misses the intended effect of movies.  To the point, movies convey ideas and emotions.  After this, they seek an internal  reaction in the viewer.  Without a person alongside Truman to pound the  unseen walls of reality and grasp the scope and profundity of false  kinship, this movie crumbles.  Perhaps this is the weak point of the movie.   However, forgetting the hype and glamour of this movie helps a thoughtful  and human viewer to understand.  Besides, if this movie seems mundane, it  is quite possible that YOUR life is mundane and you fail to cast the  equivalent doubt upon yourself.  Remember to associate with Truman, no  matter how ridiculous it seems, and this movie will be a rewarding, though  certainly not life-altering, experience.
0792151712|2.0|The movie itself wasn't as terrible as many people have said.  The first thing that got me was the incredible lines between the classes and how they were treated.  The movie inspired me to research the actual sinking and  learn about the people who were aboard.  Of course there's  inaccuracies...if Hollywood made a strictly historical movie, who would go  see it?  Not that large masses that saw Titanic.  The best scenes were when  the mother was putting her children to sleep and the old couple were lying  on their bed while the water rushed in.  The most powerful of the movie and  I applaud Cameron for those.    HOWEVER...  I would just like to add one  little note about the movie that I think missed a lot of people's  attention.  This was an actual event.  1,500 people died in the North  Atlantic in April of 1912.  I sat with girls at the movie who cried when  Jack died, not when frozen bodies were floating in the water.  If you could  sit through this movie more than once, I'm amazed.  I came out of the  theater thinking about all the ones that died, not the stupid love story  involved in the flawed plot.  The people that watched this movie for the  sheer love story make me sick.  Stop being a romantic and realize that the  entire second half of that movie (long, but Cameron wanted to make it in  &quot;real-time.) was an ACTUAL event.  If you cried you're little heart  out when Rose let Jack go into the water and are wearing the imitation  &quot;heart of the ocean&quot; pendant, you obviously missed a very large  and real part.  Use this movie as an oppurtunity to remember the innocent  people who were killed and not as a fantasy of Leonardo.
0767817478|1.0|Its horribl
B000000I0Q|4.0|Contrary to the main rewiew of this album, it actually came out after Lamb Lies Down and *before* A Trick of the Tail.  This is significant because it was at the time that we were all wondering what was to become of Genesis  after Gabriel's departure.  In fact Genesis' Trick of the Tail tour was  even billed as &quot;Genesis/Steve Hackett&quot; since both of those albums  came out in such close succession.  Acolyte is a great album, giving great  insight into Hackett's input to the Genesis sound.  In &quot;And then There  Were Three&quot; you'll notice it is gone!
6300183513|5.0|In the Centenary of Hitch we all need a DVD Edition of Rear Window. We need see the wonderful Grace Kelly's eyes in digital image...
0679745653|3.0|I was really looking forward to reading this book and was disappointed in it very much.  It is a classic story but kind of sad.  I was overall disappointed in the plot of the story and the way it was written.  I did  not feel the language used in it was necessary.
6301969588|5.0|This incredible movie, by an equally brilliant director, was banned for many years, not for ANY other reason, than for showing us our own sickening, twisted views of what's normal...&amp; what we fear most about  ourselves. This movie may, or may not be exploitative, but regardless,..it  STILL packs a HELLUVA punch...IF you understand it's subliminal message. In  this &quot;politically correct&quot; society that we now live in, we are  STILL being brought up to fear what's different, whether it be the color of  one's skin, their choice of religion, their physical appearance, etc...We  automatically assume, for example, that a homeless person is a LOSER...or  we inadvertently teach our childen racism...We don't want to view the  &quot;disgusting&quot;, but we will crane our necks to see if a car  accident is particularly bloody...We glorify shows like &quot;The Jerry  Springer Show&quot; so we can gaze into the lives of the  dissillusioned...the FREAKS. THIS is what this movie shows us, &amp; it IS  painful to watch...We see OURSELVES as the UGLY, &amp; the DEFORMED...We  see these poor unfortunate, special people as the truly innovative,  uncomplaining, NORMAL people they really are, &amp; NOT our OWN  preconceived notions of what WE THINK they are...This movie was made back  in the early '30's, &amp; we STILL have many of these same UGLY  prejudices...We STIL fight with each other over skin color...The &quot;Holy  Land&quot; could be named for all the bullet-holes from the wars we've  fought through history, all in the name of GOD...There are no more  sideshows at circuses, because WE have deemed them  &quot;EXPLOITATIVE&quot;...not realizing, or even caring, that we've  inadvertantly stolen these &quot;FREAKS&quot; only chance at making a  living for themselves...Now gaze into a mirror...for Beauty is INDEED in  the eye of the beholder...Incidentally, I let my 6yr. old son watch this  movie, to teach him the horrors of judging people by their appearance,  &amp; not their soul...
0792156684|5.0|The movie had wonderful acting, a great plot that drew the viewers on the doomed luxery liner, and GREAT vusual effects!
1878574590|5.0|I found Miller's technique in this first Sin  City novel flawless. There's some criticisms below about the story, but I disagree. Miller's tale is dead-on for what he was trying to do: carve a fast-paced tale in a style  similar to Hammett, Chandler, Spillane, etc. while retaining his own  mannerisms and dark humor. I loved this roller-coaster.
B000007XUQ|5.0|I was a casual Carpenters fan until I heard this Christmas CD.  A definite showcase for Karen's incredible vocals and Richard's suberb arrangements and piano wizardry. This CD is a timeless Christmas Classic.  A good  balance between sentimental standards and lesser known tunes.  The two  discs total about 1 1/2 hours of music.
6303481272|5.0|I just bought Ninja Scroll and it was well worth the twenty bucks. I first saw this movie when my friend rented it, I fell in love as soon as I watched it. The characters are cool, the plot is great, the action is  fantastic and the animation is superb. This movie is nothing less than  perfect.
B00000JCB2|5.0|As I just said Limp Bizkit is the best ever and any of you people who think they aren't well thats good for you !!!! If you like Limp Bizkit then go out and buy Significant Other.I did and it is the best CD i have!!  &quot;Nookie&quot; rocks as well as the other songs on this CD such as  &quot;Just Like This&quot; and &quot;Im Broke&quot;. So for all you Limp  Bizkit fans out there, take my advice and buy the CD !!!!!!!
B000001BX0|5.0|LIKE THE COVE
0780622545|5.0|I liked the part where they went to Shell Beach.  Anyway, great movie, and good casting of Rufus Sewall - he has that other wordly look about him at times (especially his eyes!!)
B000001EAQ|4.0|Anyone expecting a change from Achtung Baby and Zooropa won't be disappointed. However, it just seems empty. Certain songs such as Gone, Dischoteque, The Playboy Mansion, and Last Night on Earth all sound very  juvenile and unexperienced. However, Please, If God Will Send His Angels,  and Staring At The Sun are very heavy songs that make you want to take a  breath before proceeding. If God Will... is this album's One. The overall  atmosphere of the album ruins the experience. The cheap 70s setting is  meant to be a joke but I don't think anyone get's it. Who came up with a  dumb idea like PopMart anyways? If you're in it for the music, step right  up. If you're looking for something to make you think, turn back to Achtung  baby and Zooropa.
B00000IQV6|5.0|Patch Adams may have had cliches, may have been a bit too feel-good, and may have had too many predictable and/or one-dimentional characters.  However, the message of the movie comes across loud and clear.  That is, in  the midst of all the hustle and bustle of life, we humans lose sight of our  most basic need: love.  As Patch loved his fellow humans, he received the  love he needed to make his life worth living.  And I loved the comparison  of Karin's death to a caterpillar's metamorphosis into a butterfly.  Being  a butterfly lover and a believer in heaven, it was a beautiful metaphor.  I  give this movie five stars because the theme is so necessary for everyone  to understand.
B00000IPAX|1.0|Way back when Cheshire Cat first came out I was a huge fan of Blink 182, and lets be honest, I even liked Dude Ranch a lot.  But with the release of Enema of the State, Blink has continued the selling out process they  started with Dude Ranch.  Bombs or Swingin' Utters if you want to hear what real punk sounds like.   The best I can call Blink these days is a worn out pop band, none of their  old disrespectful humor is evident in this release. One Star, this CD  sucks.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|Face it, Jennifer Lopez is a great singer.  Her songs are da bomb and you can relate to them. Not everyone has talent like she does.  Just because she can sing AND act, that doesn't mean that everyone has to compare the  two and say she's only good at one.  Jennifer Lopez is one of the most  talented people around, so if you haven't bought, or even heard, On the 6  yet, what are you waiting for?
B00000IOSU|5.0|Sarah has done a great job on this cd! I have been looking all over for a version of &quot;Will You Remeber Me?&quot; that wasn't to expensive, when I lucked out and they were all imported, but this cd has is on it and is  great!
B000002ULO|5.0|Flaming Pie is a GREAT rock album and among the best that he has put out!  About the time you think fillers must be on the way ... you get &quot;Souvenir&quot;, possibly the best song on the album.......Great to  have McCartney music again...I hope there is much more to come...
B00000IBRX|5.0|one of the most visually astonishing movies ever! With deep and dramatic insight and meaning, such as the vibrant hues of blue representing rebirth. And new verdent life.
0140177396|5.0|When reading through reviews of this book left by other readers, it is obvious that many of the high school students assigned Of Mice and Men are clearly not mature enough to understand this outstanding work.  Jpttmt@aol.com complained that Steinbeck rushed the ending of this book,  which leaves me to wonder how Jpttmt@aol.com would have improved upon the  ending. Several readers such as the ones from Kingston, Ontario, and  London, England, describe this book as boring.  These same kids would find  The Old Man and The Sea, or To Kill a Mockingbird boring.  A young reader  from North Carolina suggested that Of Mice and Men be renamed, Retard on a  Ranch.  Perhaps the title of his summary should be renamed, Retard from  North Carolina.  I'm certain that these kids resented being pulled away  from their video games, and MTV, and being forced to read.  I suggest that  they stick to reviewing something they can understand such as comic books,  and leave classic works such as Of Mice and Men to serious readers.
6302914213|5.0|When they first aired Twin Peaks I; like many other people, didn't really understand and was very confused by the last section of episodes, but since then we've been treated to shows like the X-files and Dark Skies, and it's  now alot easier to understand references to &quot;Project Bluebook&quot;  and other UFO and paranormal-related stuff.
B000002UEB|5.0|This album was my first real exposure to Queensryche back in the 80's, and I was blown away. Every song is great, and the music flows togather so well. I only wish I could have seen them perform the entire set live. This  recording is one of my all time favorites.
B000002LQR|5.0|I only give five stars for the truly &quot;Classic&quot; albums that no one should be without.  This is 79 minutes of awesome track after awesome track. Great lyrics, beat, guitar, effects.  Beatles quality studio  performance, with plenty of hard-edged Chillies sexiness.
6305161976|5.0|What else can you say? This is the movie of the century. And, by the way, there is no &quot;wide-screen&quot; version of this film.
B00000BKE1|5.0|Very Mellow. Very Depessing. Very Good
B000000WCA|5.0|Spice Girls are going to come out with a new album at the end of 1999 so everyone go and get it. Their songs are just great. I love it, and I'm looking foward to their new one. Geri Halliwell has an album too so go get  that, it's too cool. I've been reading many people's comment that gave the  Spice Girls just one star. That's sad. They need to get their facts  straight. For those people's information the Spice Girls do know how to  play musical instruments. Victoria(POSH SPICE)knows how to play the  piano/keyboard, Geri(GINGER SPICE)knows how to play the guitar, and Melanie  Brown(SCARY SPICE)knows how to play the drums. People who say that they  just show their flesh to sell their CD's is because people envy their  bodies. Just admit it, the one star givers envy the Spice Girls. SPICE  GIRLS FOREVER!!!!
0375408266|5.0|The Reader is an excellent example of modern literature. Schlink writes an erotic moving story, that also questions deep issues regarding liberty, crime and punishment. In a solid, elegant and concise prose, Schlink  describes with perfection the complex structure of his characters
0606056742|5.0|I LIKE THE PART WHEN MRS.TWIT GAVE MR.TWIT WORMY SPAGHETTI.THE ROLY-POLY BIRD WAS VERY FUNNY!
B000002UDB|5.0|The &quot;Magical Mystery Tour&quot; album is the one best things to come out of Capitol Record's method to releasing Beatle LP's (as most know, they sliced songs off of the British albums in order to get more product out of  what was recorded, so &quot;With The Beatles&quot; magically becomes  &quot;Meet The Beatles&quot; and &quot;Second Album&quot; with a few hit  singles added in). Since this soundtrack was only originally released in  the UK as an EP, and as that format would not sell in the U.S. Capitol  added their hit '67 singles to the B-side of the film soundtrack to make a  full-fledged, and now well accepted, album. It features such groud breaking  hits as &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever&quot; and &quot;Penny Lane,&quot;  as well as some songs that could have been singles themselves, such as  &quot;The Fool On The Hill&quot;. A must have for every Beatles fan (as are  all of their albums). My favorite track - &quot;I Am The Walrus&quot;.
6305365121|3.0|PARAMOUNT HAS FINALLY FAILED MISERLY CUTTING BACK TREMENDOUSLY ON BUDGETS AND IT NOW APPEARS THAT ALL CHARACTERS FROM THE CURRENT SERIES WILL NO LONGER HAVE ANY ROLES IN THE LAST TREK FEATURE COMING OUT IN LATE 2001.   PARAMOUNT INTENDS ON RUINING TREK WITH A &quot;LOW BUDGET &quot; WING  COMMADER SERIES AND MOVIE BASED UPON STARFLEET ACADEMY.  THIS WILL NO DOUBT  BE THE FINAL FAILURE FOR THE DYING FRANCHISE.  FOX CAN SAVE THIS EPIC BY  BUYING IT OUT AND GIVE US WHAT WE REALLY WANT-- A GREATLY WRITTEN  ACTION-PACKED BLOCKBUSTER, SOMETHING PARAMOUNT COULDNT EVEN DO WITH FIRST  CONTACT AND KEEP EVERY WRITER/DIRECTOR/PRODUCER EVER ASSOCIATED WITH TREK  AWAY FROM IT (EXCEPT FOR IRA STEPHEN BEHR WHO GAVE US THE IMPROVED DS9 WITH  THE DOMINION WAR-TO BEHR, THANKS A LOT!).
B00000F1D3|1.0|REALLY, REALLY SCARY
B000002ITK|5.0|Your gona burn in hel
B00000J2KT|5.0|One of the best movies made and they destroyed it by putting it in Mono sound and no wide screen.  How can they put the Dolby Digital symbol on the box and then have it be Mono.  Just another reason to stay away from MGM  DVD's.  The cheap packaging being the other.
6304935870|5.0|On 7 December, 1941 my grandfather was caught in the middle of the Japanese airraid on Wheeler Army Airfield on the Island of Oahu, a few miles from Pearl Harbor.  His war stories included many harrowing  expirences but that day was never discussed.  Now that he is gone and his  memories with him I gave little thought to the attack except as a  historical family footnote.  Then I saw this movie.  Whether it was dull or  facinating is irrelevant to me as it provided a window into the past and I  saw, for the first time, that day much as my grandfather saw it. It gave to  me an understanding not just of what he went through but what American  soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines suffered through for four years.  This movie is not only a masterpiece of historical film but a link to our  nation's past that can never be broken for the sake of those who gave their  lives for our freedom and those who lived the rest of their lives wearing  the scars of that war - both physically and emotionally.
B0000028PI|4.0|Not the best, but what the hell right?  It's a good album.  &quot;Nothing's Free&quot; and &quot;Stolen Prayer&quot; are the best songs on the album.  &quot;It's Me&quot; is also a good ballad, and &quot;You're  My Temptation&quot; is a good mix of satanic fear and seductive beauty.   Alice the master of shock rock, and he proves it here.
B00000IKSC|5.0|This concert is amazing! With their dance steps and smooth voice, it's a must-buy video, even if you're not a Backstreet Boys fan!
B0000027DJ|5.0|One of the best.  &quot;Little By Little&quot; and &quot;Wind-Up Toy&quot; are the best songs on the album.  The two ballads &quot;Burning Our Bed&quot; and &quot;Die For You&quot; make for some the best rock ballads  you'll ever hear, and the title track and &quot;Love's a Loaded Gun&quot;  prove he's still got what it takes.  &quot;Dangerous Tonight&quot; pumps it  up after a slow song, but the it is immediately followed by the mellow  &quot;Might As Well Be On Mars.&quot;  A perfect mix of blues-ballads, and  heavy fun-loving rock n' roll.
0374172897|3.0|Cunningham is a writer who loves words and his craft.  His &quot;A Home at the End of the World&quot; was almost perfect (the ending is very weak).  This is too crafty, too self-conscious and writerly.  He simply tries too  hard here and these characters are not worth caring about.  He'll reach his  potential eventually, but only when he goes back to being less concerned  with art and returns to caring about his characters.  Maybe now that he's  won the prize...?
B0000026T4|5.0|Despite the drift from Alice's usual heavy and sometimes over-dramatic sense of songwriting, Trash lives up to the Alice era with great hits like Poison (one of the greatest heavy songs of all time) and House of Fire,  while Only My Heart Talkin' and Hell is Living Without both break away from  the classic assumption that all Alice music is obscure, scary, and  pointless.  This is one of his best at a time when a change was in order,  because he had just come out of his slump.  For a little something  different, check out this album.
B000002UKS|5.0|This album is awesome. The first time I heard it, the headphones just about exploded with all the energy that was coming out of them. When you hear Doll, you'll probably think &quot;What have the Foo Fighters become?  What happened to I'll Stick Around and This Is A Call?&quot; but nothing  has happened. It's just a slow song appropriately placed in the mix of hard  songs. Then comes the big radio hit Monkey Wrench. It's a nice song with a  neat &quot;no-breath&quot; effect in the last verse. It's even cooler live,  but I guess you can't buy that on CD. Hey, Johnny Park!, the next song, is  my personal favorite. It's just something about the riff itself that's  catchy. It follows the soft-verse loud-chorus format set by Nirvana. My  Poor Brain starts out with a bunch of random noise (I think it's in 7/4)  and then goes into a nice acoustic verse with Dave singing falsetto. The  chorus is appropriately loud and powerful. The next song, Wind Up, starts  out at about mezzo-forte (that's moderately loud for all those who aren't  musicians) and goes to fortissimo (very loud) for the chorus. The last  verse is fortissississississimo (really really loud) with the chorus  returning to the aforementioned dynamic. Man, that guy has an amazing vocal  range. Up In Arms starts slow and ballad-y. It sounds a lot like a fifty's  ballad. Then it gets fast sort of like a fifty's pop song. Then My Hero  comes on with those cannon drums. It's obviously Dave's tribute to Kurt  song. The mostly-acoustic See You is a nice jazzy departure to the  screaming electric guitars. Enough Space (in 6/4) is basically the  I-drank-too-much-Jolt-and-now-I'm-really-hyper-and-I'm-going-to-scream-until-I-turn-blue  song. February Stars is the big long loud slow ballad and it's wonderful.  Everlong (yer another radio hit) is probably the most serious sounding song  they've done and it still gives me shivers. Walking After You is a great  balling song &gt;:), enough said. And they top it all off with the powerful  New Way Home. I'm not saying any more, buy this CD!powerful  New Way Home. I'm not saying any more, buy this CD!
B000002AZX|5.0|A proper following to &quot;I'm Your Man&quot; and very nearly as prolific.  Haunting and evocative.
B00000IPAX|4.0|Blink 182 isn't a good live band, so its really good that they make CD's. Their latest CD, Enema of the State, has some good songs on it The best song on the CD is the one about sleepin around, i forget the name of it.  its track number 10 if that helps. I dyed my hair blonde today. Blink 182  is definetly a band that needs to stick to making CD's.
B0000026J6|5.0|Was a DJ in the 60's and was always a fan of Cohen. I've seen him live in an intimate setting and &quot;I'm Your Man&quot; comes closest to the intimacy, the pathos and the humor of this quiet, intense performer. A  collection I never tire of.    Steve Pontious
B00000DC10|5.0|I haven't been able to find this CD and I don't have a credit card so i'm not gonna order it, but what i have heard is really good. System of a Down is good, buy the System of a Down CD. Nib High Football RULES!!!
0792156684|4.0|First of all, I intentionally avoided Titanic (like I did the original and current Star Wars) when it came out in theaters. There's nothing I hate worse than the lemming-like adulation of the ultra-popular. So I didn't see  the movie until last November on video. I watched it without any  expectations or any need to react to the hype. As the last lemming to go  over the cliff, I had the freedom of my own judgement.<br />So, yes, DiCaprio  is not the best actor (but can you, while keeping a straight face, say that  Mark Hammill in Star Wars was any better, or even as good?) I found Titanic  to be a true epic, in scope and presentation. The romance between Winslett  and DiCaprio was not totally convincing, but then was Jabba the Hut? The  movie was well paced for its 3+ hour length and the character development  was better than average.<br />The real grabber for me was the realism of the  Titanic story itself. When that ship started going down, I really *felt*  the horror of that disaster. Intellectually, I knew enough about the  Titanic (I did a report on it in 4th grade...back when &quot;Ticket to  Ride&quot; was in the top 10), but I had never felt the horror and sadness  of it before. When I think of all those people who died of hypothermia in  the water and the people trapped below decks...it still affects me. A movie  is supposed to make you think or feel; to take you out of yourself and  *into* a different experience. If that's the definition of a great movie,  Titanic qualifies. When it was over, I felt truly moved in some undefinable  way. In sum, Titanic was not the greatest movie of all time; merely the  most popular. Still, it was an exceptional movie, and better in all ways  than Star Wars, which was over-hyped for no reason at all. I will own a DVD  of Titanic (as well as 2001 and Terminator 2...two of my other favorites -  go figure), but not of Star Wars. (I poke at Star Wars in response to the  Star Wars fans who hate Titanic solely because it out-grossed their  favorite film.)rossed their  favorite film.)
B00000253N|4.0|No doubt about it, &quot;Blood on the Tracks&quot; is a very solid piece of work.  Each of the 10 songs is a winner with &quot;Tangled Up In  Blue&quot; and &quot;You're a Big Girl Now&quot; standing above the pack.  But this is not Dylan's best album by any means.  It falls far short of his  true masterpiece (&quot;Blonde on Blonde&quot;), and even pales beside such  woefully underrated efforts such as &quot;Desire,&quot; &quot;Street  Legal,&quot; and &quot;Shot of Love.&quot;  Furthermore, once you've heard  the powerful live version of &quot;Idiot Wind&quot; that appears on the  &quot;Hard Rain&quot; album, there seems to be no point in even listening  to the original studio cut again (and by &quot;original,&quot; I mean both  the version that appears here and the earlier rendition that was released  on &quot;The Bootleg Series Vol. 1-3&quot;).  The lyrics convey plenty of  rage and fury, but Dylan's performance does not, making the song one to  admire, primarily for the lyrics, but not one to feel in your gut.
0792153367|5.0|I read the book by Capote around fifteen years ago when I was a student back in Beijing University. I immediately loved both the story and the Holly character. Now I've seen the movie. Audrey Hepburn appears in the  movie as the perfect Holly, who beneath her apparent airy beauty has  managed to combine vulnerability and determinedness, neurosis and  tenderness. I guess she really represents an ideal beauty that never  completely belongs to the present reality, or refuses to be  &quot;caged&quot;. She is a dreamer, an wild spirit longing for  transcending herself, &quot;a real phony&quot; indeed, which makes her  lovable. Fortunately, in the ending Paul shows an even stronger  gravitational pull of love within himself than in the original novel,  reveals that indeed people can love each other and hence draws Holly back  to his arms. The ending is powerful because it keeps the characters along  with generations of audiences dreaming on. A movie classic. So is Audrey  Hepburn's never aging divine beauty. Here I pay my tribute.
0783225903|5.0|This is one of the finest movies ever and I feel now that MUST purchase a DVD for the sole purpose of seeing this film as it was originally meant to be. Gilliam's vision is fantastic. Even without a DVD, you can enjoy the  richness of the performances and story. Everyone should have this film in  their library and watch it on a regular basis. With every watching, you  will see another nugget or hidden bit of whimsy. Enjoy it!
0780625129|5.0|I passed this film up on the new release wall at Blockbuster until there was no longer anything else I hadn't seen. Once I saw it, I was amazed at how wonderful it was! Ed Norton delivers a virtually flawless performance,  and I am shocked he wasn't given the academy award. Whoever wrote this one  really knows how to make the viewer care about the characters. In addition  to being very entertaining, it delivers such a powerful message. This is a  must see for any film buff, and I also recommend that parents show it to  young adults who have lost their way in a hateful and challenging world.  Take it from a harsh critic - American History X is one of the best movies  I have ever seen!
B00000IPAX|4.0|The album blink 182 &quot;enema of the state&quot; was a goodrecord for blink but it did not quite measure upto duderanch because the music was a different type, don't get me wrong, I really liked it, it just wasn'tas  good as the old stough.  The best songs on the album are &quot;What's my  age again?&quot;, &quot;Alien's exist&quot;,and &quot;Party Song&quot;.   But, the rest of the album is very good with good guitar playing and a very  newunique sound for blink 182.  I give this album fourstars and very much  recommend it.
6305358567|5.0|If you didn't understand this movie, maybe you aren't ready for it! This is one of the most fantastic films I have ever seen (and believe me, I have seen quite a few). Cate Blanchett so truly embodied the aura of England's  longest reigning monarch. The metamorphasis from a beautiful, innocent  young woman into a hardened, selfless queen was amazing! I urge all of you  two starrers to watch it again and again and again until you get it!
0064471047|5.0|In the book The Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe, by C.S. Lewis, the characters are amazing.  They are probably the part of the book that I liked best.  The setting is wonderfuly described.  It's almost like you're  watching a movie, the setting is so clear.  The book is full of adventure  and excitment.  All the other elements of the book are also beautifuly  described with detail and interestingly described. I hope you chose to read  this book. I really enjoyed it.
B00000J7JO|5.0|One of the best albums ever created...Lyrics, instruments, soul; everything is there... AMAYZING!!!! RHCP RULE!!!!
6303011012|5.0|one of the most talented musicians i have ever seen; never get tired of his soothing yet energizing music.i wish there was a dvd title of his 2 videos; i think one would appreciate them even better.everyone i gave this  video as a gift loved it and became a fan.
B00000ADG2|5.0|this cd is one of the best cds i have ever listened to. Lauryn is real, she sings her songs with such power and authority in her voice but yet she is soft and gentle also. Her 5 grammys are well deserved. In my mind she  should have won all 10!!! And i am glad i got to see her in concert because  she was just amazing!!!! Hopefully she will continue to have more success  in her career. Keep on doin ya thing girl!!!!
0812523334|5.0|I remember first reading &quot;LW&quot; when I was in 5th grade. I had heard other girls requesting it in the  library and so I bought at a schoolbook fair. I really liked the beginning but then had trouble whenmy  11 year old A.D.D-afflicted brain could'nthandle it's rather long  length.Curiously, I never got beyond aboutthat part of book,then one night,  having nothing to read I decided togive it another go and I loved it!Then  in my 20's,(and A.D.D better under control)I got the humor, understood all  thesister's hopes and ambitions betterthen ever,especially Jo's and Amy's.  It really was a &quot;progressive&quot;book for it's time in that these  girls had ambitions beyond just  getting married, is about following your  bliss,doingwhat makes you happy and living your life to the fullest. That's  what makes it so timeless.
B0000057C5|5.0|If you liked the first CD, this is one is a must buy. Whereas most of the songs sounded the same on the original CD, Sehnsucht's songs are much more varied. I would recommend this CD if you are interested in similiar artists  or like anything with a German flavor.
B00000AFFF|5.0|Burt and Elvis have combined strengths to provide a smooth ride through melodic twists with jazz back-beats. Songs like &quot;Such Unlikely Lovers&quot; has you dancing while Elvis twists the melody with his voice  as instrument. I can't even talk about &quot;God Give Me Strength&quot; it  is a stopper. &quot;Toledo&quot; reminds me of a Donald Fagan ride--clever  lyrics on top of amazingly hooked music.<br />I have followed Elvis through  his career and loved every step. This album deserves a place next to  &quot;This Year's Model&quot;, &quot;Armed Forces&quot;, &quot;The Juliet  Letters&quot;, and even &quot;Brutal Youth.&quot; <br />The reviews from a few  who call this whiney, out of touch... they are simply myopic meanderings  from the musically mundane!<br />Trust me, this album will have you singing,  swaying, and dancing through each repeated listen.
B00000099Y|5.0|You can listen to this cd many times over and hear something you had not heard the time before.  Never ending guitar riffs and uncanny time changes makes this cd a must for any guitar lovers collection.  If you have  surround sound capability this cd will leave you with your jaw hanging down  to the ground.
6304493681|3.0|I was hot with anticipation when i first saw this movie.  I'd heard great things about it, and even saw Siskel and Ebert give it 2 thumbs up.  An anime that could capture the imaginations of even the snootiest of  movie reviewers would HAVE to be great, right?  Not necessarily.  The  animation and CG compositing are exceptional, in strong competition with  Disney's latest, Tarzan, in the eye candy department.  The original  Japanese voices made you feel something that you simply won't get with  animes dubbed into English.  Towards the end when Batuo screamed out,  &quot;Motoko!!!&quot; and her response was hollow and weak.  You never get  those feelings portrayed by the American voice actors.  The story wasn't  all that gripping to me.  I was confused at many points and just when I  thought I understood something else would come up to confuse me again.  I  finally got it after watching a few more times.  I suppose my only qualms  were with the story which I felt was a bit weak at times.  It has a Blade  Runner-esque feel to it, but I never was too hot for that movie either.   I'd recommend this movie on DVD for the great visuals and sound and to  compare the original Japanese dialog to the English dubbed.  But to get a  good deep story, watch Wings of Honneamise.
038533348X|4.0|I enjoyed reading this short novel.  Vonnegut satirizes everyone and everything.  Read it for the satire on religion (Bokononism); read it for the satire on politics (San Lorenzo); and read it for the satire on  education and the arts (&quot;keep looking at all the Xs but can't find the  cat and can't find the cradle&quot;).<br />I had the same enjoyment reading  this as I had while viewing Kubrick's Dr. Strangelove, and reading Heller's  Catch-22, and reading Tom Robbins' novels.
B000000WFU|5.0|This album is AMAZING, it's a break through for some because it's not like anything else.  NO ONE else sounds like Adiemus.  BUY THIS
B000007OY0|5.0|&quot;Shawshank Redemption&quot; suffereded box-office rejection because of its title! Whatta shame! It would have walked off with top Academy honors, but &quot;Forest Gump&quot; snowed the popular audience. Too bad  because &quot;Shawshank&quot; is one of the best movies ever to portray the  endurance and fortitude of man; also to show the weaknesses of others. One  can watch it over and over and learn and see something new every time. A  deep, brooding story, as well as an uplifting, witty, and finally a  satisfying and heart-pumping ending. Those of us who love it are a special  audience, and we want to tell everyone we admire to share in its  brilliance.
6305308659|5.0|Pleasantville is about the bursting forth of the human spirit. It is not about morals or particular ethical systems that you may or may not approve of, and it has absolutely no political agenda. People who criticize this  movie because the boys who attacked Joan Allen's character didn't turn  color but Bud did when he defended his mother entirely missed the point.  The boys didn't turn color because their actions reinforced their utterly  static lives and stagnant spirit. Bud turned color because he suddenly let  go and allowed his human spirit to burst forth. I've seen thousands of  films, and few have moved me as deeply as this one has (Shawshank  Redemption is one of them). I have watched it five times now, and it is so  beautiful that it reduces me to a quivering pulp every time I see it. The  ending, with the three of them on the park bench was perfect. They didn't  know what was going to happen next, for the first time in their lives, and  they were ecstatic because of it! That is what life is all about: the  unlimited possibilities, and opening oneself up to them. The most  profoundly moving spot in the movie for me occurs when the camera pans over  to Mary Sue as she sleeps the next morning after rebuffing her boy friend,  so she could continue reading her classic, and she is in color. It isn't  anything in particular that causes the color change in this movie. It isn't  sex in her case, as she discovers (she already has plenty of that), but  simply the opening up of herself to the possibilities of her being. The  central message of this movie makes all criticisms of it because it is  \\"unrealistic,\\" or \\"it could never happen,\\" ridiculous, and demonstrates  that the message in this movie sailed right over the reviewer's head. This  is an allegory, and the \\"impossible\\" aspects of this movie are used only to  serve its allegorical intentions.
0764005685|5.0|My first Dario Argento film, and now I'm jonezin' for more. Amazeing camera work, great story, and you can't go wrong with Jennifer Conelly. Highley recommend!
0312955006|5.0|Really was impressed with this book.  Tightly plotted, a genuine &quot;page turner.&quot;   Bosch has obstacles to overcome on multiple fronts - personal, collegial, external (the press, the murderer) and  manages to handle all to a satisfactory end.   A totally satisfying read!
B000002AZ8|5.0|Lets start from the beggining, I first picked up yeild about a year ago. Although it is their lowest album, it doesnt make it bad.This Pearl Jam, remember? But anyway, although i am an ultra grunge fan, the cd was unlike  anything id ever heard. So then I picked up V.S. Even better, then came TA  DA: Vitalogy!Now this is the best of them all, right from Last Exit to  Stupidmop. The gritty opening leading to the mellow Nothingman will have  you wanting more and more of the whole band. Coudory, the radio hit and  others are the songs that you slightly bob your head to while driving and  every scene you pass by seems to fit with the music. Pick it up. You know  you want to.
B000001Y42|5.0|This cd is tight! Very energetic and nice tunes. Pollution, Counterfeit, Stuck, Clunk, and Faith are the best on there for sure. A winner for Limp Bizkit! note: other cd, significant other, kicks too.
B000002C1W|5.0|I've heard a lot of music.  This happenes to be one of the best CDs in my collection (Second only to Dark Side of the Moon and only by a few points :) Learning to Fly, On the Turning Away, and One Slip are probably my  favorite pieces of music I've ever heard!
B00000J7S8|4.0|though not as good as her nat king cole tribute album &quot;all for you&quot;, i feel this is better than &quot;love scenes&quot;...i especially like her rendition of &quot;let's face the music and  dance&quot;..her interpretation of &quot;i've got you under my skin&quot;  is interesting but lacks punch...but all complaints aside, anything by  diana kralll is fine by me
B00000INEX|1.0|My baby loves his Baby Mozart and his Baby Einstein videos, but he starts to cry after a few minutes of Baby Bach. This video seems to be an advertisement for toy companies rather than an attempt at entertaining  babies. The toys shown move slowly and do not appeal to young babies. Also-  where is the Bach music??? My baby is very fond of listening to Bach - but  this video contains very little actual Bach music, and too many weird sound  effects. The Bach music that is heard is so Disney-fied that it has little  to do with Bach anymore. If Bach's music is as good for babies' deveopment  as they are claiming at the end of the video - why not give the babis some  actual Bach music?
B00000FCBC|5.0|A lot of people are wondering about the new Garage Inc. recordings.  They say that the second disk is a must for any Metallica fan, but I say that the first is also a must.  I'm sure all the diehard fans have heard of the  New Wave of British Heavy Metal?  For those who haven't, the New Wave was a  bunch of bands in the late 70's and early 80's who totally redefined what  thrash metal was all about.  Groups like Discharge, Motorhead, Tigers of  Pantang, and Mercyful Fate differed from the normal stuff that was being  played in the states.  Lars, coming from Denmark but living in LA, was  always intrigued by these bands, ever since he saw Deep Purple.  He brought  this music into the Metallica family early on.  James has even said that  the music was based on a lot of Motorhead tunes.  I feel that any true  Metallica fan must get to know these bands on Garage Inc., even though  there are only 1-4 songs from each band on there.  Perhaps then all the  &quot;fans&quot; who say, &quot;What the hell is this crap?&quot;, will  realize that these bands are as influential in shaping Metallica as  Metallica's move to San Francisco.  Maybe then you will understand  Metallica.
630307362X|5.0|The content of this film has neither been accomplished so beautifully nor will it ever be!  If I could offer 10 stars, I would!  Ms. Hunter's and Mr. Keitel's characters are unique at the very least! The pairing of  them  together worked despite the unlikeliness.  The  uniqueness of some of the   scenes definitely stand out in my mind even to this day.  Hauntingly  wonderful would best describe how it left me  feeling. This film is already  a Classic in my mind.  If you want to be transported away from the bland  offerings available, then I would highly recommend this as a &quot;must  see&quot; Film. Enjoy and savour the scenes!-A. Wilson, S. Calif.
B00000J7JO|5.0|best album yet
6304510861|4.0|lost highway has to be taken for what it is it is a deranged movie that any lynch fan will love the best part takes place when pullham is at a party and the man in black comes up to him and says i am at your house call  me if you dont believe me  pullham calls and the man in black answers the  phone SPOOKY MAN SO GO BUY THE  MOVIE AND ENJOY .
6305451591|5.0|This is a brilliant movie, I loved. I only saw the sub-titled one at the cinema. The film is pure poetry, AMAZING!
6303014100|4.0|The presentation left out some key facts like why JEB Stewart was late, and how the Union Army gained initial control of Little Round Top.  The Little Round Top battle centered on the 20th Maine and not enough on the  other regiments.  The battle of the Wheat Field changed hands several times  and I did not see where it was shown at all.  The movie did a good job in  depicting the stress and stuggle of &quot;brother&quot; fighting  &quot;brother&quot;.  After touring Gettysburg, it was very interesting to  see the action on film.  I will watch it again and again.  We need to learn  from history.  It could have been shortened some but not significantly.   The music was a little much at times but still OK.     Good and room for  more:   Maybe a more extensive video of each day with a bit of drama added.  Perhaps a story centering on one of the characters  and their family  (assuming there is enough information) in a part 1, part 2 part 3 type of  production with each day ending in summary fashion.
B00000IOSU|5.0|I felt her voice to be captivating and her poety like words unbelievably accurate - this was my first introduction to the artist and I'm am looking to purchase more already! Even my young daughters liked her though you have  to watch out for the few &quot;bad&quot; words. Her voice range blew me  away and to think this cd was recorded on stage before a live audience and  not in a recording studio with perfect conditions.
6300268993|3.0|I'm a big Superman fan so I enjoy every film in the series.  I didn't especially feel the magic watching this movie that I felt in the first one, but it was pretty good.  There were a few cheesy scenes, like one in which  a little boy falls over Niagara Falls and his legs sort of bend outwards  (characteristics only of a dummy I guess).  Still it had some first-rate  shots:  Clark Kent changing into his Man of Steel alter ego while he runs  through the alley.  Christopher Reeve really beefed up for this one; he's  huge!  Massive muscles!   WHEN I WATCHED THIS MOVIE I FELT LIKE I WAS  READING A COMIC BOOK.  That's exactly the genre I got from it.  So watch it  if you love Superman.
0688062334|5.0|For anyone so sadly deprived as to have not yet read ANYTHING by the deservedly renowned Diana Wynne Jones- I weep for you.  Really.  She is definately among my all-time favorite authors.  This particular story,  however, somehow is my favorite.  It's not her longest, or most detailed,  or complex, but it is my favorite.  It is charminly insane and ridiculously  funny. I laugh out every time I read it.
B0000019PA|5.0|In the Airplane Over the Sea blew my mind when I first listened to it. It breaks new ground on so many fronts. The stream-of-consciousness lyrics seem non-sensical and random, but are steeped in images and symbolism. The  music ranges from a single acoustic guitar to white-noise generators and  musical saw. This is a very listenable album and all the songs are  outstanding. If I had to take a single album to a desert island, it would  be this one.
6305365121|5.0|If you loved the Next Generation TV series, you'll love this film.  They didn't sell out to the broader non-trek crowd.  If Armagedon is you idea of Sci-Fi, stay away.
0670881791|4.0|I really enjoyed this book.  I thought Vianne was a lovely and caring lady bringing joy to people in a narrow minded country village.  She made a lot of people happy and tried to join bridges among people of all walks of  life.  I could taste and smell the chocolate as I read this delightful book  and of course indulged as I read.  And as for people thinking that its  bashing religion, I don't think so - it is just the way some little  villages are in europe - they don't like changes or newcomers.  I was  totally absorbed in the whole book and really enjoyed a lot of the  characters.
B00000G3Q4|5.0|Folks,this is the grooviest DVD out there. I really liked the movie on video but the DVD blew me away. Picture and sound are as good as it gets and the extra features are awesome. Bruce Campbell's audio commentary is  very funny. With this DVD, you can't get tired of warching it over and over  again. Buy it and scream!
0780622650|1.0|Nothing in this movie worked right on any level.  The plot was dumb, the movie was too long, the special effects weren't very good, and the acting was atrocious.  A cigar store indian could have added more depth to Matt  LeBlanc's role, Gary Oldham (normally a wonderful actor) seems to sleepwalk  through his part, and I'm not even going to start on how annoying that  space monkey is. In general this is two hours out of my life that I'm never  going to have back.
B0000028RR|5.0|The perfect blend of heavy metal and rap that conveys a deeper message than any other band out there.  I love the deep impact of drum beats on track 3 and 9. You will need plenty of amplifier power to reproducing these  beats on a set of subwoofers. Most tracks on this album make a system  tweak. A must have for metal listeners or for anyone looking for a CD with  great drum beats along with great guitar sound with strong lyrics.
0312952813|5.0|I was introduced to Michael Connelly in &quot;Blood Work&quot;. I got hooked and have now read all of his works, this being the last I have acquired. For any mystery fan, Connelly's books are outstanding. Now I'll  have to wait until next year to read a new one! I envy the reader who is  being introduced to Connelly; you have a great new world to enter and a new  author to explore.
B00000DR52|5.0|This is a wonderful soundtrack, full of gorgeous music that transpires countries and adequately conveys the attitudes and emotions of its characters. Beautiful themes make this a worthwhile album to listen to on  rainy days, or whenever you want to be inspired. I'd also buy the film if I  were you.
B000002H2H|5.0|My favorite Metallica album and this band has a lot of great albums. For whom the bell tolls makes me want to pump alot of iron. Fade to BLack can put you in a trance and make you think about life. This is one of my all  time favorite tracks of any album. The Black album is a close second.
B000002UAU|5.0|I DO know music and I know what I like and Sgt. Pepper is the BOMB. The individual songs aren't necessarily the best or most interesting in the Beatles catalog but the effect of listening to the whole album at one time     is awe-inspiring. Just the way the FF sequenced the tracks shows genius.  The album wraps you in a cocoon of &quot;pepperness&quot;--you find  yourself lamenting the plight of the family of &quot;She's Leaving  Home&quot;, you can see George self-righteously wagging his finger at you  on &quot;Within You, Without You&quot;, and L in the S with D(Julian's  picture-yeah right)  effortlessly transports you to a fantasyland not  unlike the one you go to when you're chemically enhanced. By the time A Day  in the Life comes on, you're riding the waves of this seamless, playful  album but then the last crescendo brings you to the peak of excitement and  leaves you with that profound silence... <br />I wasn't alive in the period  when this album came out so i don't know what to make of all the hype  about&quot;The most important album ever&quot; but I recommend the first  time listener to listen two times all the way through and It'll grow on you  and in you like a weed(no pun intended).
014028009X|5.0|Bridget is me.  She is surrounded by her friends, family and boyfriends.  All are idenifiable characters from any single woman's life.  The men she falls in love with, the friends she puts up with all lend themselves to a  rich tapestry which is fun to read about.  It is very entertaining how the  whole world, in her eyes, is divided into those who are single and those  who have a significant other.  Bottom line-it is sooooooooo funny.
B000002R48|3.0|There are two types of DT fans: those who listen to DT as heavy metal, and those who listen to them as adventurous, progressive music.  I am the latter, so I was dissapointed that this album, while showing immense  potential, is ultimately an above-average 80's metal CD.  Charlie Dominici,  the original vocalist, is not as bad as everyone says, and reminds me  somewhat of Labrie, but with nowhere near the range + power.  Kevin Moore  on keys is a nice touch, though, and I prefer him to Derek Sherinian. (DT's  new key man, Jordan Rudess, is sure to trash 'em both, however!)  There are  a few glimpses into odd meters (one song is in 9/4) and, of course, the  classic Ytse Jam (DT's original name, Majesty, spelled backwards) is worth  the entire price of the CD.  If you've never heard DT, however, this is not  the CD for you (unless you're a fan of 80's shred metal).  Images + Words,  or Awake would be a better jumping off point.
6304708491|5.0|The movie is great... it's always been great... it is NOT, however, in widescreen format as stated in at least three different places on this site... as is typical of the misinformation Amazon is wont to present.
6304032579|5.0|James Bond is back! Pierce Brosnan lights up the screen as the new 007 is this action-packed thrill-ride filled with incredicle stunts, gorgeous women, and bad bad guys. Bond, in an effort to find out what happened to  the space satellite-weapon, GoldenEye, must battle Russians traitors, and a  lethal Russian beauty. It is great fun and excitement throughout, which  makes it my second-favorite Bond  movie(after Goldfinger).
B00000J2KX|4.0|I won't bother with a long winded review since others have done so already.  My only minor complaint is that the print transfer appears to be a bit grainy and not up to the super quality of DVD. Couldn't they have  found a better print to make the DVD from ?  This is the only reason I give  this movie 4 stars, a better transfer would have earned the additional  star.
6304466498|5.0|Spaceballs is a hilarious spoof of Star Wars and other sci-fi films that kept me laughing throughout. The cast, including Mel Brooks, Bill Pullman, John Candy, and Rick Moranis are all very funny. I have seen this a million  times, but it hasn't stopped me from laughing.
B00000IQBL|5.0|i am going to rip your balls off pvt.plye so you do not con taminate the rest of the day
079284209X|5.0|Ronin is a good action film with a list of great stars such as Robert DeNiro, Jean Reno, and Jonathon Pryce. It is filled with incredible car chases and shootouts that will keep you on the edge of your seat. It is  also a mind-bending mystery that will keep you thinking. If you are an  action fan that hasn't seen this movie, I highly recommend it.
630349255X|5.0|I liked this one SO much that I bought it, without even owning a TV (much less a VCR). I bought it so I could share it with others--it disappeared on the second loan, never to resurface. It is very hard to find in video  stores, so I'm ordering it again. Sit back and watch it with no  distractions.
0425129586|5.0|This is the first Agatha Christie novel I've read and it won't be the last!!  It was awesome!!!  One of the best mystery novels I've read in a looooooooooong time.  The beginning was a little confusing but once the  group gets to the island, I was hooked and finished the novel in one  sitting!  A must for anyone who loves mysteries!!
B000005J56|2.0|compares with the first cd, this one is only an other average cuban cd, the passion and love is missing here.
B000002J29|5.0|Seconds Out has it all...great songs and great sound. The recording/sound quality of the remastered version is simply stunning.  This is the best live CD I have ever heard.
6303014100|5.0|I love the special effects man!  Rock on!  All C.W. buffs should definatley see this video if you haven't allready.
0156284502|5.0|This is the kind of book that makes you cry, that make you laugh, that makes you think, that makes you feel... Read it, please...
0783222904|5.0|If you are looking to spend a few hours just enjoying a light weight movie this one is especially appearing. It is fun, a bit thrilling, action packed and beautiful to look at. Overall not bad for a few bucks worth of  entertainment.
6303160344|2.0|Actually I find the whole series, RED, WHITE, BLUE, to be very disappointing. I love foreign films, and had really looked forward to seeing this trilogy, but, alas, disappontment.Besides Juliette Binoche,  there's not much to remember about this film.
B00000JCB2|5.0|I just want to say that this is an awesome cd. I dont care if they are on Mtv, the songs on here are cool. I agree, its not as hard as their first album, but the music is still as good, they're just trying to explore new ground, although they could have done without the  song with Method Man &quot;n 2gether now&quot;. The best,  &quot;NOOKIE&quot;, &quot;NO SEX&quot;, &quot;BREAK STUFF&quot;, &quot;IM  BROKE&quot;, and my personal favorite, &quot;NOBODY LIKE YOU&quot;. J.  Davis is da man!!
0783114222|5.0|Tom Hanks proves himself as an executive producer. I sat down one Saturday morning at 10am planning to watch the first part or two, but was so enthralled that I ended up watching the complete set. Hanks does an  incredible job of story telling about the space program, detailing not just  the technical challenges, but the political ones as well. His intermixing  of historical footage and original footage is seamless and unobtrusive; a  great job of story telling.  <br />This is what television was meant to be:  entertaining and educational without the violence and sensationalism. This  movie is a living legacy not only to the men and women of the space  program, but to Tom Hanks as a producer, and as a great human being. Well  done.
0767812166|4.0|Usually I am not given to watching films of this type, perhaps it was the cast and crew that made me sit down and give it a chance? Whatever the reason I found this film a welcome break from the cloying and insincere ET.  This film has true warmth and is a far superior film. The fine performances  from Jeff Bridges and Karen Allen provide the viewer with wonderful moments  of laughter and pathos. This is a touching film that stands the test of  time.<br />A generally good DVD transfer (a couple of minor moments of  pixelation really only noticeable during totally black sections of the  film).
0784011923|5.0|The Terminator is an awsome movie. It has lots of action but it is not overly gory. If you watch it and think about the plot, you start to realize that this, with the exception of the time travel, could happen. We have the  tecnology now. We even had it back then. They used an actual robot for the  movie, which was controlled by men, but could easily have a mind of it's  own. Anyways, this movie is one of the coolest movies that I have seen. For  the year that it was made it has great special effects, better than any  other movies of it's time. If you are looking for a great movie to watch, I  suggest this. It is even better than T2, which was an awsome movie too. I  suggest that you see The Terminator before T2. T2 will make so much more  sense then.
6304712936|4.0|I'm not good at writing, but...<br />The comic nature that Tom brings to the character of Mozart is superb.  From what I have read on Mozart, the movie plays well, touching lightly on different parts of Mozart's life.  While  not going into great depth on anything, the movie is one not to be missed.   The best thing about the movie is the approach from another composer who  has admired Mozart's work anonymously, and feels his actions may have lead  to Mozart's demise.  The musical scores are awesome... listen in Surround!
0374172897|5.0|So many of Michael Cunningham's beautiful sentences gain a momentum of truth right as you read them, ending in a wonderful shock of recognition. Like his other novels, The Hours contextualizes gay characters in the  larger world, making his fiction both airy and deep. He is a wonderful  writer, and it's gratifying to see his unique literary contribution  recognized.
6303433766|5.0|This movie was brilliant, and tormenting. I recommend it to anyone who is capable of being honest with themselves. Heavenly Creatures is unforgettable. It's raw honesty is embodied in the girls' careless and  destructive obsession with what fulfills them. I've never seen any other  film that dehumanizes it's secondary characters so effectively. Watch it if  you are feeling mentally stable enough...
0800109090|5.0|Call it what you wish, LEGENDS OF THE FALL is one of the great romantic dramas to be produced in the last few decades.  Admittedly, the acting was on the downside of poor (Brad Pitt displayed no acting talent or charisma,  Aidan Quinn was stiff and stumbling, and even the venerable Anthony Hopkins  appeared uncomfortable in his role as the father).  However, the  exquisiteness of the overall production, from the Oscar-deserving  cinematogratphy to the direction by talented Edward Zwick to the (in my  opinion) Oscar-worthy soundtrack (another masterpiece by the  can-do-no-wrong composer JAMES HORNER) gives it such lie as to transcend  the abominable acting job and create an epic to last through the ages.
630512065X|5.0|Thank God they cut GROWTIGERS LAST STAND! It alway's bothered me as it broke the action of the story!For those who don't know what I am talking about. Durring GUS, the Theater Cat (played excellently by Sir John Mills)  in the stage production they break off with this mini play with in the play  that has nothing to do with the rest of the show (long too!)So I say Good  editing job on this one.  Recomend it to all musical lovers
6304994540|1.0|I looked forward to this movie.  The story and actors attracted me to it.  However after hearing the &quot;F&quot; word every three or four words, I shut it off.  Sorry to see our language sink to such low levels.
B00000J2KX|1.0|For all of you who may be wondering, I think they transfered this DVD copy from my old used and abused VHS copy from the 1980's.  Oh well...
B0000009OP|5.0|Just heard that Mark Sandeman died of a heart Attack in Italy on saturday. This is his masterpiece. Something great to remember him by. What a tragedy.
0425098478|5.0|I managed to complete reading this book in a bookstore in less than 60 minutes,yet I insisted on purchasing it. The great thing about the book is that it reflects the finer aspects of our life that we often ignore or just  deny. This book has really open my mind and 'behaviour'..thanks 'One minute  manager'. This is in did on of the best management book I ever read.
0451160916|5.0|I believe that this is the story that put King at the top of the list of Horror writers.  This book scared the living sh*t out of me.  I first saw the movie and then read the book...the movie isn't even close.  This story  was way before it's time and even now is still one of his best ever books.   Don't miss this piece...and don't forget to leave your light on at night...
079073463X|5.0|Ladyhawke was one of the best movies ever ignored by the general populace when it was first released in theaters.  The storyline is right out of Grimm's Fairy Tales: Two lovers kept apart by the spell of an evil man  sworn to kill them if he cannot have the woman for himself.  &quot;Always  together, eternally apart.&quot;  The score is indeed agressive, but  powerful music accentuates powerful scenes, and in my opinion is entirely  appropriate.  This movie has romance and action and I would recommend it to  anyone who loves medieval scene.  The animal work involved is also  excellently choreographed.
B00000DLVA|5.0|favorite c
B00000AFWZ|5.0|This probably is the best music purchase I've made all year. I don't have much to say that other reviewers haven't, but I feel compelled to sing the praises of my favorite obscurity of this box set: the Bees' &quot;Voices  Green and Purple.&quot; The title sounds benignly psychedelic, but this  song is actually a very bad trip, clocking in at barely ninety seconds and  filled with paranoid, shreaking vocals that recall Screamin' Jay Hawkins at  his most manic. Babbling, verging on idiotic lyrics about UFOs delivered  over a dirt-simple fuzz guitar riff = perfection. The liner notes reproduce  this single's sleeve; graffiti visible in its cover image reads &quot;Help  the mentally retarded.&quot; And this was in 1966. What an odd band, and  what a waste that this is their one record! God bless the mysterious Bees,  wherever you are.
B00000J8EK|4.0|Personal Challenge: 1. Buy this album. 2. Instert into favorite playback device, press play, turn up volume and bass. 3. Turn off lights. 4. Try to sit still for 5 minutes.<br />Extra Credit: Add some friends.
B000002NJS|4.0|At first, when I listened to this CD, I did not like it at all.  But I gave it another chance because the media had claimed that this was her best work since Like a Prayer.  And the more and more that I listened to it, I  liked it.  It has grown to be one of my favorite CDs.  I love her choice of  words and there is so much advice and wisdom in many of her songs.  There  are several songs on here that are my favorite.  If you didn't like it at  first, give it another chance.
B00000DHRZ|2.0|by far the worst! don't buy this! P.S. to Amazon.com: This album is not Parental Advisory!
B000000FG8|4.0|If you're looking for a real hardcore album, then pass this one by. Kinda punk, but not really.  It's happy music, not angry. But, I still liked it. But definitely not angry, just happy, high-stepping, skantastic tunes
B000002BPS|4.0|still cool! another Offspring should have
B000003TA4|5.0|I've been a Nirvana fanatic since the group first joined. I love all their songs, but none kick more a** than the ones on this album; Teen Spirit and Lithium most notably. This is truley the only grunge group I've ever liked,  all the rest are just imitators anyway. It's just a real loss that Nirvana  will never have another album again but their music will always live on and  kick ass.
079073804X|5.0|Just saw the DVD 25th Anniversary version, and it is outstanding. The colours are amazing, the picture of the best clarity and precision I saw so far on DVD and the sound is great. <br />About the film: I saw it first 15  yars ago. Now I am surprised even more that the Exorcist still remains  quite original and unique in its own kind. As director Friedkin puts it in  his intro to the film, he wanted to do a &quot;realistic movie about  extraordinary events&quot;. And it works out just like that,which makes it  gripping in a peculiar way. Worth the thrill for any movie lover.
6305499365|5.0|With the opening scene in a commuter traffic jam you know you are in for a treat. This is comedy with a deft touch...not the mindless gross humor you see everywhere today. Any office worker who has lived under the thumb of  the organization will see their life painfully recreated.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I wouldn't say, as many people have, that this the best album of all time. I WOULD say that &quot;OK Computer,&quot; and Radiohead generally, are definite musical stand-outs in a numbingly stagnant decade. Actually, this album is so good, so passionate and intelligent, that I can hardly believe how popular it has become. I haven't been so shocked by a commercial success since Nirvana killed '80s metal (a merciful death).<br />Fittingly, then, that one of &quot;OK&quot;'s most moving songs, &quot;No Surprises,&quot; is an elegy for Kurt Cobain (&quot;This is my final fit/ my final belly-ache&quot;). (Cobain suffered from debilitating stomach problems.) This one track alone would be worth an entire disc from many other bands. Yet, there is also the powerfully ominous &quot;Airbag,&quot; the best opening cut on an album in recent memory. &quot;Paranoid Android&quot; is a stunning combination of dread, anger, and hymnlike exaltation. &quot;Subterranean Homesick Alien&quot; (Bob Dylan reference, anyone?) is literally a visit to another planet, eerie and soaring. &quot;Let Down&quot; shimmers with a strangely luminous fatigue. This song could serve as an artistic example of the whole work- it makes desperate, unsettling beauty out of ugliness and horror. <br />&quot;OK&quot; is also a study in contrasts. Just when one is ready to fall into a lunar stupor from the (great) previous tracks, &quot;Electioneering&quot; grabs one by the throat with ripping guitar leads and politically-charged fury. Similarly, after the listener is taken to the emotional abyss with &quot;Climbing Up The Walls,&quot; he/she is shown a glimmer of dark hope with &quot;Lucky,&quot; an account of fugitive love amidst the ruins (&quot;I'm your superhero/ We are standing on the edge.....&quot;). <br />To sum up, no album has touched or shaken me so deeply since Joy Division's &quot;Unknown Pleasures.&quot; I would highy recommend that and other JD works to serious Radiohead fans. &quot;OK Computer&quot; is on the same darkly awe-inspiring level as Joy Division, and few other discs can even handle that comparison. In other words: BUY THIS NOW!
B000000W6R|1.0|The Smashing Pumpkins couldn't have done a more thorough job of butchering Fleetwood Mac's &quot;Landslide&quot; if they'd tried.  The song really sucks.
B000000W3G|5.0|From the hardcore punk rock &quot;God&quot; to the sweet, innocent sounding &quot;My Blue Heaven&quot;, this 5 Compact Disc Box Set by the beloved Smashing Pumpkins gives a wide spectrum of rock music styles. These  5 CD's are the singles that were released after the monster hit  &quot;Mellon Collie And The Infinite Sadness&quot;. The first single of the  box set is &quot;Bullet With Butterfly Wings&quot; which features 5 never  before released tracks. Other singles include &quot;1979&quot;,  &quot;Zero&quot;, &quot;Tonight, Tonight&quot;, and  &quot;Thirty-Three&quot;. The Aeroplane Flies High Box Set also includes a  wonderful booklet including lyrics, photographs, and discography, and all 5  CD's come in a neat, retro-looking box.
B000000WCA|5.0|Spice, the debut album by Spice Girls, is a wonorful first album. Here's a breakdown of each song on the disc:<br />Wannabe- (5) The first single. A great pop song that captures the girls need to be themselves.<br />Say You'll  Be There- (5) The second single. Better vocals and a funner video.<br />2  Become 1- (5) Truly remarkable. This third single is by far the best song  here.<br />Love Thing- (4) A fun listen; kind of repetive, but still a worthy  track.<br />Last Time Lover- (5) An urban- influenced track that shows off Mel  G's skills.<br />Mama- (5) A+ quality singing. Very touching. This 4th single  is a good choice.<br />Who Do You Think You Are?-(5)Upbeat Comic Relief theme  on the same single as &quot;Mama&quot;.<br />Something Kinda Funny-(3) Worst  track on the c.d. Repetitive,B-Side material perhaps? Still O.K.<br />Naked-  (4) Performed in the nude on the tour, a slow song. Could've had better  topic.<br />If U Can't Dance- (5) What would've been the 5th single if Geri  stayed.Great club song<br />Well, there you have it. A great c.d. Go buy it  today!
B000002J2B|4.0|Wind and Wuthering was released in the same year as A Trick of the Tail, and both are tied as the best post gabriel work.  Wind is the more experimental of the two, with three instrumental tracks and a couple that  stretch on seven or nine minutes, and thus is probably the most overlooked  and underrated of all their albums.  Afterglow and Your Own Special Way  were the first of Genesis' sappy ballads, but Eleventh Earl of Mar, One for  the Vine, and Blood on the Rooftops are probably the best songs Genesis  ever wrote once Peter left the band.  All musicians turn in terrific  performances, most notably Steve Hackett's ususual use of synth guitar,  Tony Banks' keyboard instrumental during the midsection of One for the  Vine, and Phil's fabulous drumming.  The dynamics are beautiful, especially  when Eleventh Earl of Mar quiets down to an acoustic guitar and the tender  vocal &quot;time to go to bed now...&quot; before tearing into the original  tempo and energy of the song's beginning.  Criminally underrated and  intensely rewarding, this is one of their high points.
0782008119|5.0|I never liked &quot;grunge&quot; or &quot;alt-rock&quot; , but this film should be required viewing 'cause it is so DAMNED FUNNY!  The whole &quot;grunge&quot; fad was funny back in the early 90's but seeing all of  these pretentious twits talk about how cool they are is pure comedy.    Eddie of Pearl Jam  steals the show with his pretentious commentary on the  nature of fame and fads.  This film should be shown to young teens as a  warning against jumping on to silly fads!  Oh,  did I mention that 90% of  the music in this film is JUNK?
B000002J27|4.0|A Trick of the Tail is Genesis delving deeper into their sound.  Without the wild Peter Gabriel to focus on, the band becomes more subtle, more refined, especially Tony Banks exploring the quieter aspects of his  piano/keyboard playing.  Also, Phil Collins has incredible vocal moments,  easily some of the best lyrics of his career.  Much of the  &quot;commercial&quot; Genesis is evident here, but with fabulous guitar,  eloquent lyrics, and boldness that vanished once Steve Hackett left.
B000002WFF|5.0|&quot;It just doesn't get any better&quot;! He sang from  his heart in these recordings. The songs on this CD capture the aura of his vocal essence at his peak-performance period of the 1970's. All the arrangements  in this collection are enriched with the orchestration we, who were  fortunate to attend his live performances, thrilled to. Oh, if he were to  have left us more songs like these.... Having been a fan of Elvis  (especially his 70's music) since 1956, I would recommend this album might  even 'please' a &quot;Can't-stand-Elvis&quot; person. It has to be a  WAKE-UP call! He gave us so much in such a short time. Faith S., Michigan
B000002IST|2.0|We Can't Dance kind of sums up post 1980 Genesis: some great moments, but many dull and uninspired ones.  No Son of Mine and Dreaming While You Sleep are probably their best work (since 1980), as they have an adventure and  boldness that had vanished for quite some time.  But the second half of the  album is just plain lousy.  All three members seem to have forgotten their  wealth of musical talent, opting instead to write catchy hooks and sappy  lyrics that don't challenge their abilities, or the listener.  Some  terrible moments are when they try and find a &quot;happy medium&quot;  between their ambitious art-rock beginning and obvious sell-out commercial  pop, having simple hooks that stretch on upwards of ten munites.   Occasionally, they have moments (driving the last spike starts to sizzle  around the five or six munite mark), but it also bring out the weakness in  Collins' lyrics.  This album and Invisible Touch are easily the best of  their commercial work, but they're not particularly strong or interesting,  as flashes of brilliance get muddled in the long, boring stretches.
6305358613|5.0|Finally, a movie that describes Elizabeth's younger years.  As Shekhar Kapur noted on the DVD documentary, most films about Elizabeth I start where this film ends.  No other film has ever explored what it took for her  to rise to the powerful position of the Virgin Queen.  Thanks to Kapur and  Cate Blanchett (whom I've loved ever since I saw a schmaltzy drama called  Paradise Road), Elizabeth is brought to life with grace and vigour.  Some  might say Kapur's direction is too fancy (William Goldman complained he'd  never seen so many actors wasted by showing only the tops of their heads)  but I think it's creative and breathes new life into period filmmaking.  I  payed no attention to any of the other actors in the film because Cate was  all there was for me. (Joseph Fiennes is a pain in the neck and plays the  most irresponsible and foolish man in the whole world).
B000002J29|5.0|It's a shame this live album gets lumped into the often forgotten &quot;transition&quot; phase of Genesis' career.  Aside from a mildly sloppy rendition of &quot;dance on a volcano&quot;, the entire album is  fantastic, with all members of the band becoming more comforatable with  their music and fine-tuning the dynamics.  Phil's transition to vocals was  just beginning, and not only does he have some of the best of his career,  but also incredible drum duets with his tour drummer, chester thompson.   Sadly, it's guitarist Steve Hackett's final album with the band, and their  music has never been able to harness the same energy and genius without his  stragely beautiful guitar.
0788815490|5.0|Henry James is my favourite writer past or present and this beautiful film is the best adaptation made yet. (The Bostonians and The Europeans aren't really versions even worth comparing, but I liked The Portrait of a Lady  despite the fact that it's dryer than this one).  Helena Bonham Carter and  Allison Elliott are brilliant, and Linus Roache is the best kisser on film.   My favourite costume designer Sandy Powell does a perfect job with the  clothing, and Ian Softley's direction gives a modern zest to the classic  proceedings here.  Gorgeous, if tragic, filmmaking.
6305428220|5.0|oh my gosh i LOVE this movie!  (the only thing I hate is when I tell people this is my favorite movie and they say &quot;oh what's it about?&quot; and I say that aliens are taking over a school.  it sounds so  dumb!)  Clea DuVall (Stokely) RULES!  She is my favorite character.  She is  such a good actress, she does such a good job of being the bi**hy outcast.   BUY THIS MOVIE!!!!!!
B000003P9Z|5.0|A much-welcome addition to the first disc &quot;Abba Gold.&quot; this CD includes many of the group's lesser hits commercially, but also some of the best songs they ever recorded, artistically.<br />&quot;The Visitors&quot; is  a classic - although I would highly recommend buying the Album of the same  name, as the version included on this disc is shortened considerably, and  inexplicably.  A dance-floor triumph.  I wish the original 12&quot;  extended dance mix was available on CD.<br />Also, &quot;I do,I do,I do, I do,  I do,&quot; is quite possibly the most perfect pop single ever recorded by  ANY artist - and I'm not joking here.  The vocal harmonies, key changes for  dramatic effect, and instrumentation make for a joyful, transcendant effect  that is impossible to describe with words.  Listen to it - it's stupendous.   As I've commented to a good friend, this single alone would establish Abba  as the Mozart of pop music.  Incredible.  A pity the group didn't make a  few more recordings - but what we've got here is nothing short of heavenly,  nonetheless.
0205191584|5.0|If every journalist, novelist,  and speechwriter had this book and learned to &quot;Omit needless words!&quot; it would be a much better world.<br />The other humorous and opinionated guide to good writing you should get is  Henry W. Fowler's &quot;Modern English Usage&quot;.  (Not the new edition,  though; it's been ruined.)
6305120706|5.0|Meow! This video is &quot;purr&quot;fect. I'm a 15 year old male and I wish to star in this show one day. My choir class gave me a standing ovation when I performed Victoria's &quot;Solo Dance&quot; and the song  &quot;Macavity&quot;. I was wearing a &quot;CATS&quot; shirt, some tight  black pants, black leather shoes, and I had a tail that I made out of  feathers. My music teacher was so proud of me that he became my agent.  Hopefully, one day, my dream will come true and I'll be starring in it.  Only time will tell.<br />*If You Touch Me, You'll Understand What Happiness  Is. Look, A New Day Has... Begun!*
0553328255|5.0|We all know that these are the best detective stories ever, so I'll contain my review to this book.<br />It is the only one volume edition.  The Holmes canon consists of four novels :Hound of the Baskervilles, Sign of  Four, Study in Scarlet, and Valley of Fear, and five collections of short  stories: Adventures of S.H., Memoirs of S.H., Return of S.H., His Last Bow,  and Casebook of S.H.  These are often published separately, but this  Doubleday edition contains every one of them in one package.<br />If you're  really into measuring footprints and analyzing cigarette ash then this is  the book you need.
B00000J2KT|3.0|A great movie,but the transfer to dvd is terrible! The picture quality is excellent as usual on dvd, but it&quot;s not widescreen. Also the mono soundtrack for a war movie is inexcusable. my vhs copy with Dolby pro-logic  delivers deep bass and surround sound of battles ,bullets and bombs that  blow away this horrible audio transfer, Where is the Dolby5.0 ?
B000002BPS|5.0|I am a huge fan of The Offspring.  I got all thier CDs (not the singles) and this is the best one.  Id rank their CDs like this: 1) Ixnay, 2) Smash, 3) Self-Titled, 4) Americana, 5) Ignition - so if you like Offspring, get  this CD.  As for Americana - that CD is alright (Pretty Fly for a White Guy  SUCKS) but this one rocks.  BUY IT!!!
B000001FI7|5.0|When I bought this CD I was amazed at how the songs reached me. It was a wonderful feeling and I think that &quot;Dummy&quot; is one of the best Cd's that I have bought. This is really great and I reccomend it to  everyone!!!!!!
068484267X|1.0|It appears that I am of the minority when I say this book was awful! I forced myself to read the entire thing eventhough I found I could only read a few pages at a time before I fell asleep entirely.  Only after 200 pages  of repetitive storyline, drunk unemployable father, death, depression, did  this book actually begin to get better. I enjoyed the last 100 pages when  Frank seemed to begin getting his life together. Wish I had spent my time  reading something else.
B00000JCOV|5.0|I first saw this group at OZZFEST in Somerset Wisconsin and they put on one hell of a show so I rushed out and got the disc and was blown away. I haven't heard controlled aggresion like this since the last Fear Factory  cd. This si a must have no matter what your tastes!!!!!
B000005S0E|5.0|I didn't know what to expect when I first popped this into my CD player. I had heard plenty of negative reviews in the music press (like their opinion matters anyway), which now seem horribly wrong.<br />The opener &quot;Shake  Dog Shake&quot; is one of the most intense Cure songs ever, its brilliant  layered sound and haunting lyrics push my mind into a dark realm reserved  for my worst nightmares. Spectacular.<br />&quot;Birdmad Girl&quot;,  &quot;Dressing Up&quot;, and &quot;The Caterpiller&quot; are the light and  airy tracks reminescent of the 1983 &quot;Japanese Whispers&quot; EP.  &quot;Birdmad Girl&quot; is my favorite track on this disc for reasons I  have yet to figure out. The gorgeously ambigious way Robert sings about    being a polar bear just gets to me.<br />&quot;Dressing Up&quot; is a dreamy  little tune with the dated synth sound I really love. Probably Robert  Smiths favorite track on The Top, or so I've heard.<br />&quot;The  Caterpiller&quot; is a worthy single, incredibly fun to sing along to as  well. Why only 1 single was picked is beyond me. &quot;Birdmad Girl&quot;  and &quot;Dressing Up&quot; seem single  worthy.<br />&quot;Bananafishbones&quot; is extremely weird, I can't even  describe it... but it's very cool. Same goes for the fun little &quot;Piggy  In The Mirror&quot;.<br />&quot;Empty World&quot;, &quot;The Top&quot;, and  &quot;Wailing Wall&quot; sound like lost sessions from the Pornography era.  <br />The only song I don't care for (maybe I have to develop a taste for it?)  is &quot;Give Me It&quot;, which is just too disorderly. A frenzied  mess!<br />If you are looking for an album full of &quot;Friday I'm In  Love&quot; type songs, look elsewhere! This is suggested for people after  they have been aquanted with The Cure for awhile. It's a bit much to jump  into for the casual listener.
B000002OX7|5.0|At the end of Won't Get Fooled Again there's an exuberant yell, unscripted, it was a spontaneous affirmation that the Who had got back to their hard rock, ramparts crashing roots. The Who music in this album is  unique, coming as it does from the English popular tradition, rather than  the blues and jazz roots of most of their American and British  counterparts. But every song has an edge, absolute attitude, buzzing with  energy. Rock in the purest form.
6304233639|5.0|I thought that Independence Day was one of the best movies ever!  The cast was superb, the special effects were terrific!  Two thumbs up for ID4!
0375707972|3.0|I enjoyed the book and I will always carry some of Schlink's questions with me.  I have to admit that I never considered the second generation of Germans after the Holocaust and how difficult their position is (was).  A  quick read.  I wanted to feel more for their relationship and for them.  I  was more interested in how his life was affected because of the affair at  such a tender age.  This aspect was barely touched.
B000002OZY|5.0|Rock music must be evaluated in the context of the time it was released and the technology available. Tommy was far ahead of its time in both cases. No other rock album (or CD) even comes close. Led Zepplin fans, deal  with it, and get over it. Beatles fans, really now. Stones fans... come on.  Are you serious? The complexity of the music says it all. This music was  first released in 1969! Listen to the CD and think in terms of 1969, and  think in terms of what the other rock albums of the era sounded like, and  what the scope of the music was. Need I say more
B000001FDK|5.0|what an amazing collection of songs from the movie &quot;grease&quot;. absolutely one of the best sound-tracks ever!
B00000JCB2|5.0|It has some of the fattest beats ever on it and I recommend to all that you purchase it.
B000003BEM|5.0|It's not that the Stones were a worse band after Brian Jones left the group in 1969, but they were different (as Bill Wyman has asserted). They never again procuced the kind of multi dimensional, introspective, soulful  rock such as Salt of the Earth or edgy Stray Cat Blues you see on this  album. Gravitating to the world's greatest pub band, anchored by the spare  virtuouso guitar riffs of Richards and the formal drum beat of Watts, the  band was less innovative, their ballads much less successful and their  output became the distinct, raw edged but predictable Stones sound. Catch  the band at its creative best in this album.
6305177473|5.0|I loved the remake of &quot;The Parent Trap.&quot;  I'd seen the original and it was great, and the remake is just as good.<br />Lindsay Lohan is simply adorable in her roles as Annie and Hallie.  Dennis Quaid is his usual  charming, handsome self and Natasha Richardson is just so beautiful!<br />This  movie is so wonderful, I could watch it over and over again!
B000002KB8|5.0|One of the greatest cd's of all times  BUY IT NO
6300248178|5.0|Nobody reloads. In the end only three people are left living. Gov Venture has about 5 lines, all of them bring a tear to my eye. Halfway thru the movie everyone fires their machine guns at the bad guy. 'THEY HIT NOTHING'.  If you're a real man, buy this movie and live by it's motto. &quot;THIS IS  A ONE WAY TRIP. NO BACK-UP&quot;.
0385484518|4.0|Sappy at times, I was most moved by the guilt the author had about being more interested in his work than in a dying friend,at times. It made me stop and think about how much I &quot;lose&quot; myself in my work rather  than paying attention to my children, wife, family, and friends.
B000002IRL|5.0|Overkill's heaviest to date. This cd kicks a**. If you likeyour metal heavy, yet catchy, yet fast, then this cd is a must.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|Just looking at her on the cover made me want to buy the CD
0385484518|5.0|A wonderful book that will guide you for the rest of your life. We can gain so much wisdom from our elders - if we take the time to listen.<br />I will carry this book with me and continue to re-read and highlight Morrie's  words of wisdom.
0688002307|4.0|There are many devotees to this book and I consider it a must read.  Some of my friends regard Pirsig's work as a bit too wacky, but I found it to be enjoyable.  I must confess that I put this book down many times before I  finished it, but once I was done with it I was glad I had made the journey.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I listened to this CD in a CD store and absolutely loved it.  She sounds like Sarah McLachlan, but in  a more exciting and transcending way.  I recommend this CD to everyone!
0671004611|5.0|This book should, I repeat should have been on the evening news on all three networks for weeks and weeks, it should have been discussed on every cable news show for weeks and weeks.  It should have been front page news  all over the world. Now after saying this, why wasn't it?  Is it only me,  or are others wondering about that question.  The arrogance and audacity of  this government and its officials and this pathetic news media totally  sickens and disgusts me.  This book may be one of the most important books  ever written.  It answers so many questions about Roswell, ETs, alien  technology, etc.  This man Corso's credentials are unassailable. I've read  the book three times and have listened to Art Bell's interview with Colonel  Corso.  I call on any skeptic or naysayer to do the same.  And then I call  on them to try to intelligently and factually explain to me why this book  is not the truth.  And I don't want the generic, assinine response of  &quot;Its just not true&quot;.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|Jennifer is a great actress as well as a great singer.  In some of the other reviews I see people dissing her and comparing her to stars like Selena, Mariah Carey, Whitney Houston and such.  Beleive it or not, at one  time Whitney, Mariah, and Selena wasn't as great as they are today.  No  offense, but when they first started in the music career, most people  doubted their talent and ability.  It took them time and experience to get  where they are today.  I believe if Jennifer sticks it out and doesn't give  up she can reach as far as these singers have.  It would help if we as fans  would provide just a little bit more support.  So stop dogging her.  You  know she rules.  So get over your jealousy girls.  Jennifer,  u rule! :)
0060987464|5.0|this book has made me realize what life is all about
B00000J2KX|3.0|Two problems with this release: 1. &quot;Gene Siskel&quot; (see below) perhaps forgot what the framing looked like in the theater. This DVD is most of the time a pan &amp; scan of the matted area. Example: the  Torrances driving to the Overlook Hotel. In the theater entire rear window  of the car is visible (right edge). 2. Transfer quality is firmly  &quot;average&quot;. And another strange item: the closing credits are not  the ones from theatrical print: they are white instead of blue, much  larger, and appear on screen out of sync with the music. But for the price  the DVD is great, mainly thanks to the &quot;Making 'The Shining'&quot;  documentary. I wish it was longer.
B000002JPA|5.0|These guy's are truly incredible musicians.  I listen to a wide variety of music, and I can honestly say that there aren't any bands(that I know of)that sound better than this.  Each of the members in this group are  masters of their instruments.  Production quality on this cd is great as  well.  The only thing that took me a while to get used to was James  Labrie's voice.  I thought it was too high... but I was wrong.  He has a  very powerful voice just not real deep. In a nutshell - Imagine Queensryche  with better musicians and a different, but also very good lead singer.   This is a really great cd, so if you haven't bought it yet, I suggest you  do yourself a favor and do so.
B000002UAR|5.0|This album speaks volumes about the world as it was then, it is now, and how it will be. &quot;Lonely people&quot; fill this earth. There are &quot;People standing 'round who'll...fillyou in with all their sins&quot;   To hear this album is to take a double take on life and re-evaluate it.  These songs may make you want to become more philanthropic. Go with that  feeling; improve the world! And when ever you lose touch with that base  listen to th album again...
B00000269M|4.0|Michael Jackson is not the type of artist I would typically buy on cd, but on a trip to DC this year, I borrowed it from a friend...it took me back to the late 80's and let me tell you, it was a great trip...Dirty Diana is  possibly the best Michael Jackson cd ever, The Way You Make Me Feel has the  most excellent beats in it, Smooth Criminal is THE Moonwalker, Man in the  Mirror is the best ballad he ever wrote, and I Just Can't Stop Lovin You  builds into a mind blowing climax...
B000002UB3|5.0|ONE OF THE BEST ALBUMS EVER CONCEIVED, RECORDED AND WRITTEN. FROM THE PICTURE OF THE COVER TO THE LAST CORD OF &quot;THE END&quot; IS A TOTALLY UNIQUE AND INCREDIBLY CREATIVE PRODUCT. HERE'S MAGIC MADE INTO MUSIC. WE  ARE VERY LUCKY THAT WE HAVE HAD GROUPS LIKE THE BEATLES BLESS US WITH THEIR  GENIOUS AND LEFT US THE LEGACY OF THEIR INCREDIBLE MUSIC.
B00000IQV7|1.0|An insulting vehicle displaying how great a person Robin Williams is. I can't believe anyone wouldn't want to take a shower after the scene where the &quot;terminally ill&quot; children show up to his hearing with the red  noses on. How bad of a movie maker do you have to be to take a true story  and make it unbelieveable. It's ironic that a movie which touts  non-conformity is made up of formula and cliche. If you liked this movie,  you need to examine your life and appreciation of art.
B00000DHTF|5.0|Although many Bruce fans will have heard most of the tracks - either on bootlegs or even at concerts through the years - the sound quality is excellent on these official disks. After listening to it now for a few  months - always a good thing to do before rushing to judgement - I have to  say that although there are a few weak spots - &quot;Lover Man&quot; and  &quot;Part Man, Part Monkey&quot; - it is a magnificent release. Now that  the tour is about halfway through (mid July), and after seing Bruce three  times in Europe, I have only one caveat - I wish he'd played more from  &quot;Tracks&quot; on stage. &quot;Where the Bands Are&quot; and &quot;My  Love Will not Let You Down&quot; are about the only two I heard, although  he has been slotting in &quot;Loose Ends&quot; recently. <br />All in all, a  boxed set to cherish.
6304383827|5.0|This is a wonderful film. Very relaxing to watch. Modernized, yes, but still true to Austen's humor. Paltrow did an excellent job of playing Emma. The music is quite moving too.  Great movie all around.
0790741520|5.0|Awesome action film in which Kurt Russel, Steven Seagal and a special forces team must board a plane in midair, in which terrorists are holding hostages. Good action and suspense make this an exciting film to watch.
0767903811|5.0|I just finished reading I'm a Stranger Here Myself.  It seems that every time I read Bryson I find it a thoroughly pleasant experience, but that I start wanting to read another book that has not been made yet.   Here's my  idea:  Take Bill Bryson, and Michael Lewis (Trail Fever, and Liars' Poker)   Get 'em together on say a couple of motorcycles and have them trace a path  across America using the approximate path that Lewis&amp;Clark used. Each  could write essays of the various places they come across.  Lewis on  political and economic level, and Bryson on the social and historical  perspective--with room for lots overlap.  Funny these two should appeal to  me the same way.  Both are Americans that found there writing voices in the  UK.  Lewis being your basic well-bred Ivy league type from the South no  less, gets him places that the average guy does not go.  Bryson being  folksy Middle-America seems to wind up places the average person does not  want to go.  Incidentally I grew up in Des Moines, and escaped only to live  in the South amongst the elite, so perhaps it would be book designed with  one person in mind
6304233639|5.0|Aliens are invading Earth and blowing up its major cities. Thrilling action/sci-fi that is very entertaining. Smith and Goldblum are funny at times, and so is Randy Quaid as a drunken crop duster. A bit long, but it  never lags.
B000002URV|4.0|I have owned this cd since it's release in '91, and have not stopped listening to it since. Others have echoed my sentiments about the redeeming facets of this music, so I need not be redundant there. Some people have  gone so far to say that their (well, Cretu's..) newer relelase, &quot;Le  Roi Est Mort....&quot; is not nearly as interesting. I disagree strongly.  Cretu has matured as an artist, but I do wish he would sing less. It would  have a far better effect used more sparingly - as on &quot;Rivers of  Belief,&quot; the only track on MCMXC A.D. he sings on.  For those starving  for music like this, I recommened you search out titles by Delerium. Many  have said they out-and-out mimicked the style of Enigma, but Leeb and  Fulber have been around far too long to stoop so low. There is plenty of  room in this &quot;mixed-bag&quot; genre for newcomers to push the  boundaries of these sounds in new directions.<br /> You like this cd?? Then  check out Delerium's &quot;Semantic Spaces,&quot; Deep Forest's debut cd  (steer clear of the follow-ups, as they are dogs!) and also Mike Oldfield's  &quot;Songs For Distant Earth.&quot; He makes excellent use of world-music  blurbs and Gregorian chanting on his effort.<br />But long may Cretu and  Enigma rule!!!!
630420065X|5.0|Tom Cruise goes to action mode in this confusing, but entertaining remake of the show. It is filled with stunts, traitors, explosions, and questions. After buying it, I finally figured out the plot, which isn't bad. A good  cast is the icing on the cake.
B00000JGHM|2.0|It is amazing how one actor can drag a production that suceeds on every possible level into the gutter, but that is what Pacino manages to do. His screaming, arm waving, tasteless performance is so over the top, and so  annoying, than he contaminates the entire movie.
0792838769|4.0|Pierce Brosnan returns in his second outing as Bond. Good action scenes, but isn't quite as good as GoldenEye. But this is still highly recommended for action/007 fans.
6304082428|5.0|I first watched the miniseries on A&amp;E with my mother, who insisted I would love it.  Needless to say, I did!  The costumes, the beautiful English countryside, and the superb acting by Colin Firth as Mr. Darcy and  Jennifer Ehle as Elizabeth Bennett, was entrancing!  I later read the book  and found the movie stayed true to Austen's words.  I would recommend  purchasing this movie to anyone, just as I did!  I fall in love with Mr.  Darcy every time!
0399142533|5.0|I give it a ten. 4 for plot; 3 for prose; and 3 for characters. I can hardly wait for this author's next work.This is a thriller you just can't pass up.
0964385619|5.0|The beuaty of this book is the plain simple English that it is written in. It tells us to understand the economics that we live in, and how we can shape it. It is a book that will change your thoughts on life, money, and  the way you raise your family. I read this book, and felt saved. It is  different from other financial books,because it tells you how to think.  Then you go off, and get the product and tools.....
006109594X|4.0|This exciting page-turner is both a genuine thriller and an extremely useful introduction to the looming problem of nuclear sabotage by rogue nations in the 21st century.  I have read the pacifist critiques of the  book; all of them are facile and some of them are downright scary.  Our  freedom is guaranteed by our military, not by pious wishes.  This  well-written book highlights the serious threats our Navy faces today.  It  should be an inspiration, both for Annapolis cadets and for the ordinary  Americans who benefit daily from their vigilance.
0767804503|5.0|This is without a doubt the best movie that I have ever seen! Julia Ormond, Richard Gere and Sean Connery all play the perfect roles in a movie that's twisted with love, honor, and good vs. evil. Ben Cross was a very  decent bad guy but I still can't get his role of Barnabus Collins from Dark  Shadows out of my mind. But hey Ben, dig the cool haircut in this flick  though! I have to honestly say that I put this one past Star Wars, and I  believe that it's the only one that's good enough in my book to say that  of. This movie has everything that you could perhaps want in a film, and I  should know! I have watched it over a dozen times atleast and in fact I am  gonna go and watch it again right now. I can honestly say that if anyone is  interested in purchasing a movie, then this is definitely the one to get!  God what I wouldn't give for a sequel !!!
6305076634|5.0|I LOVE this movie.  Since the first time I saw it I have been hooked.  This is the type of movie that people either love or hate and most people who I have talked to love it.  The songs, the costumes everything is  perfect.
B000002KOQ|5.0|I CANT REMEMBER WHEN I BOUGHT THIS ALBUM! BUT THE SONG MORNING MORGANTOWN AND THE CIRCLE GAME WAS THE FIRST JONI MITCHELL SONGS I EVER HEARD' I WAS TWELVE OR THIRTEEN! I FELL IN LOVE WITH JONI MITCHELL MUSIC. HER MUSIC  REALY OPENED MY EARS AND EYES TO MY  OWN PLAYING. NOW SOME TWENTY SEVEN  YEARS LATER, IT STILL REALY TOUCHES MY HEART AND SOUL. {THANKS FOR ALL THE  GOOD FEELINGS JONI THROUGH ALL THE BAD TIMES.}
B00000JPH5|5.0|This is a great movie for all ages.  The songs are wonderful and the muppets are great for kids. Some parts (i.e. the chilly downs) may be a bit scary for really young children.  I am so glad to see that they are  re-releasing it.
0380973464|5.0|I was very suprised to find that I loved this book so much.  It's about several topics I have little or no interest in(crytography, WWII combat, and business), yet I got deeply involved in the story.  I hope this novel  gets the wide readership it deserves.  I'm doing my part by recommending it  to all my friends and relations (anf now you).
6305229449|4.0|It's a good movie, especially for younger kids, but if you're over the age of 7 or so, you won't be thinking to much.  It was very predictable, of course she didn't get killed when they found out that she was a girl, of  course the guy fell in love with her, of course the Emperor was saved, etc.   I didn't like the way the Huns looked like huge monsters; the eyes, the  size, etc.  Oh well, over all it's pretty good.
038097617X|4.0|I really liked the main character in this book--flaws and all. It's a very playful story that went too quickly.
B000002UAR|5.0|Yes, it is indeed very difficult to rate my favourite Beatles album, but Revolver is surely one of my favourite albums ever!  I don't even need to name classics like &quot;Taxman&quot; &quot;I'm only sleeping&quot; and  &quot;Got to get you into my life&quot; to remind you that this is one of  the most influential recordings ever made. If you don't already own it, you  must not like music or you're just deaf.
0800132343|4.0|Very long but completely absorbing. It is high voltage and nerve-wracking and is probably the best of its kind. And that ending--so ironic in view of what has gone on before. The print that Columbia has issued is very fine.  There are two prints that are available:full screen and dubbed or wide  screen with English subtitles. You can't go wrong with either version.  Granted, most dubbing jobs range from mediocre to poor but not here, the  dubbing is masterful. Very highly recommended but don't view it after  drinking a lot of coffee.
B00000IQMT|4.0|Its Back! I was 10 when episode 4 came out and it started me on my hobby of collecting film scores. This score is excellent but not long enough. My favorite is the piece called Duel of the Fates. It has an Orff like quality  to it and conveys the battle between light and dark.The Appearance of Darth  Maul sounds very much like the emperors theme from episode 6.All in all a  very enjoyable CD. I hope the Lucas / Williams collaboration continues with  the next 2 films. A fine addition to the Star Wars universe.
0451191153|5.0|I laughed, I cried, I contemplated, but most of all I wished that Ayan Rand were standing in my living room so that I could ask her some questions.  First, If building on the discoveries and long held  architectural (or philisophical) standards of thousands of previous  geniuses is the greatest sacrilege and betrayal of one's own ability to  create, then why are many of Frank Lloyd Wright's buildings prematurely  decrepid and very high maintenence?  <br />Secondly, If somehow one were to  reach the pinnacle of objectivist perfection, would all normal bodily  functions like eating, and using the bathroom somehow become so unimportant  that they would cease?  Man cannot live on thought alone. The intensity of  the book left no room for the characters to be identifiable.  Howard Roark  seemed to have been able to build buildings in his sleep!<br />Also, I would  ask Ms. Rand how a brutal and violent action like rape could innitiate a  timeless, passionate, and fufilling love affair such as the one Howard and  Dominique shared?  (If someone would explain this to me I would be  grateful.)<br />It is because of these questions that i give the book 5 stars.
0790736233|5.0|Wonderful and mind opening and very Zen (from my perspective). I love the driven character of Ellie Arroway. Only Jodi Foster could have pulled off such a character with feeling and believability.The message should be taken  to heart about how precious life is . We are a part of  something greater.  Whatever you concieve it  to be. The effects were first rate and the  addition of real news anchors helped with the belief of this scenerio. A  fitting tribute to the late Dr. Carl Sagan and worthy of many viewings.
B00000JCB2|4.0|I personally liked this CD a lot better than Three dollar Bill Ya'll.  The songs on &quot;Significant Other&quot; are rid of all the scratching and excess garbage noises from the first one.  &quot;Nobody Like You&quot;  featuring Jon Davis from Korn is a great song.  Other great songs are  &quot;Nookie&quot;, &quot;no sex&quot; and others.  This album is a lot  simpler but I think it is a lot better than their first effort.  A lot less  of the annoying scratching from DJ Lethal was much needed.
B00000J7J4|4.0|Unfortunately, I wish Santana would stick with the straight ahead latin stuff and not try to do something for everyone.  Every song on here with the exception of the songs with Lauryn Hill (which is HORRIBLE) and the  song Maria, Maria (which sounds like something Boys II Men would do..yuck!)  are welcomed.  Love of My Life (with Dave Matthews) is wonderful.  Starts  out funky and grooves right in to the latin sounds.  Yaleo, which has been  a concert favorite for years finally appears on an album.  Smooth, is a  nice Cha-Cha groove. (similar rhythms of Guajira and Oye Como Va).   <br />YES  &gt;&gt;&gt; There is a hidden track!!!  It appears after &quot;The  Calling&quot;, which is track 13.  It starts at 8 minutes into the same  trach number. The song is called &quot;Days of Celebration&quot;. <br />If you  have never bought a Santana album, this would be a great CD to pick up and  then buy his other CD's.  You won't regret it.
0812550706|5.0|Ender's Game is without a doubt the best book I've ever read.  I'm not a huge fan of science fiction, but this book was recommended to me by a friend a couple years ago and it was incredible.  Maybe that's because in  some small way I can identify with Ender's situation, being very  intelligent and misunderstood.  But I have a feeling that even if I wasn't,  the book would be incredible.<br />Unfortunately, I feel compelled to mention  that Speaker isn't very good, and Xenocide, though somewhat better, still  pales in comparison to Ender's Game.  (Maybe Ender's Game set my standards  too high?)
0195067142|5.0|My recollection of Dr. Eugene Sledge as a cheerful, quiet-mannered, humble (but tough!) zoology professor is somehow standing on its head after reading his book. What a harrowing odyssey this is! How did this gentle man live through such stark and utter hell? How could anyone? But he tells you -- his observant, scientific mind sparing no detail to clouded memory or gentrified constraints.  His accounts of Peleliu and Okinawa are beyond my words, but no longer beyond my imagination. No one who has not endured the horror of entrenched infantry warfare could adequately describe it; this book helps readers who haven't been in it begin to fathom its terror. And as we begin to take it in, we realize what an enormous legacy of sacrifice that generation of warriors left us, that \\"with privilege comes responsibility,\\" as Dr. Sledge says. How can we ever repay these numbed, reluctant heroes? I suspect we never can. But we can listen to some who were lucky enough to survive, and never forget those countless boys and men who came out maimed -- or just didn't come out. We owe them all a tremendous debt of gratitude for the lives we lead today, and this book tells you, in graphic and heart-gripping detail, exactly why.<br /><br />(Added in 2001: Thank you, and may you Rest in Peace now, Dr. Sledge.)
B000002UVZ|5.0|This is R.E.M.'s masterpiece album, and of course that means it's also among the best rock albums of all time.  This does not come from another crazed fan who is easily pleased by generic pop music (i.e. Collective  Soul's five-star reviews by teenybopping radio-freaks.  PLEASE!)  This  album deserves every star, every minute in your stereo, every moment that  you groove to its positive, often-upbeat, sometimes-lamenting, impassioned,  rich and very real sound.  Look at the other dozens of 5-star customer  reviews.  Nobody can call themselves a rock fan and not own this CD.  Do I  need to say more?
B000002LCX|4.0|This swan-song effort from the Smiths is an unusually baffling, unresolved affair.  Indeed, on this album, the increased musical adventurousness of Marr and the ever-oblique knowingness of Morrissey certainly raise some  fascinating (not to mention maddening) questions as to where their  partnership might have gone had their egos permitted.  <br />The album is full  of diverse influences and towering ambition and yet it feels cut short --  strangled in the cradle, to coin a phrase.  The opening track, &quot;A Rush  and a Push and the Land is Ours&quot; revisits the ghosts of Morrissey's  mythic mental landscape -- with the 19th-century banshee-battle cry of  legendary Irish rogues and freedom fighters resurrected (via Jungian  synchronicity or ouija board, perhaps?) to haunt our perpetually moping,  angst-ridden, 20th-century, transplanted-English hero.  Hmmm...this ominous  opener, and the titualar reference to Stangeways prison, would seem to  introduce a prospective outlaw theme.  And yet &quot;I Started Something I  Couldn't Finish&quot; speaks for itself and would have been a far more  felicitous name for this collection.<br />&quot;Death of Disco Dancer&quot; is  Moz's cynical dismissal -- with dry, Bryan Ferry-like epigrammatic ennui --  of bands like Happy Mondays and the Stone Roses, and the drug-hazy,  strobe-lit communal utopia dubiously promised by Manchester's burgeoning  rave scene.  (&quot;I'd rather not talk to my neighbour, I'd rather not get  involved....&quot;)  The cascading epic piano refrain recalls Roxy Music's  &quot;Sentimental Fool&quot; while the maniacally-strummed guitar coda is  in the manner of the Velvet Underground's &quot;Venus in  Furs.&quot;<br />&quot;Girlfriend in a Coma&quot; is a blissfully  over-orchestrated soap-opera scenario damn-near worthy of &quot;Coronation  Street&quot; (or even &quot;Melrose Place&quot; for that matter) that  clocks in at a breathless two minutes and two seconds! -- &quot;Do you  really think she'llpull through...?/No I DON'T want to see her!&quot;   Well, it didn't take that long for her to expire, did it?<br />Heralded by a  triumphant swirl of vertiginous jangly guitars and syncopated percussion,  &quot;Stop Me If You Think You've Heard This One Before&quot; is easily  &quot;Strangeways'&quot; finest moment.  It plays like a vintage Godard  film with a lot of jump-cuts: Mozzer, ecstatically on the lam like  Jean-Paul Belmondo or Alain Delon, tries in desperation to get himself off  the hook and do right by everybody else at the same time.  Having  &quot;smelt the last ten seconds of life&quot; in an encounter that would  &quot;make a shy, bald Buddhist reflect and plan a mass murder,&quot;  Morrissey isn't running for his life anymore, he's just plain running....   Alas, we find that at the end of this Beckettian/Pinteresque cul-de-sac  lies only more frenzied self-parody and absurd, empty, frustrated mimetic  repetition.  <br />The album's centrepiece (which would have better served as  the closer), &quot;Last Night I Dreamt That Somebody Loved Me,&quot; is  another lugubrious &quot;Meat is Murder&quot;-era testament of burnt-out,  vaguely defined romantic weltschmertz.  The vaunting melodrama of the  Walker Brothers-style arrangement and the &quot;Revolution 9&quot;-style  sound collage only add to its majesty.  Indeed, how long must it go  on...?<br />&quot;Unhappy Birthday&quot; is a poison-pen letter &quot;from the  one you left behind&quot; that's downright Dylanesque in its sour,  ambivalent, passive-aggressive venomousness (imagine a fey &quot;Positively  4th Street&quot;).  However, the longest cut -- bequeathed the  ostentatiously Wildean title of &quot;Paint a Vulgar Picture&quot; -- is a  verbose, elaborate Ray Davies-style jeremiad about the pitfalls of  manufactured pop stardom and prefabricated-celebrity worship (which may  have been inspired by Boy George's then-recent and highly publicized fall  from grace) that's only made all the more thrilling by its blatantly  self-serving show of false empathy and arrogant sanctimony. (&quot;Oh, the  plans they weave/and oh, the sickening greed...&quot; -- yes, Morrissey,  you definitely &quot;please them, please them,&quot; don't you?) <br />After  this, things deflate and become decidedly more flaccid and anti-climactic.   The penultimate quickie, &quot;Death at One's Elbow&quot; (gee, how many of  songs here mention death?), stands out as the weakest track on the album --  indeed, this obnoxiously hackneyed, nondescript rockabilly stomp-and-twang  is arguably the most negligible of the entire Smiths catalogue.  And then  there's the abrupt, icky-sweet accoustic send-off, &quot;I Won't Share  You&quot; -- a song so agonizingly earnest and musically slight that it  perilously verges on sophomoric saccharine bathos.  &quot;I want the  freedom and I want the guile&quot; -- really! -- what the hell is THAT  supposed to mean exactly, anyway?       <br />Well, what can you say.  The  sudden demise of the Smiths was certainly a tragic loss -- and in more ways  than one, it seems.
B0000020C4|5.0|I guess you could say I'm one of the most Les Mis obsessed people one this planet so I can tell you that this is a great recording. <br />   Colm Wilkinson is definatly the best Jean Valjean. He portrays the role  excellently. Gary Morris drives me crazy because he doesn't even  compare.<br />   Philip Quast is the BEST and I mean THE BEST. He's the first  Javert I ever heard and to this day he's my favorite character. I've never  heard a better voice.<br />   Ruthie Henshall is definatly the best Fantine.  Every time she sings I Dreamed a Dream she brings tears to my eyes. Debbie  Byrne is too whiny and her voice isn't as strong.<br />   Michael McGuire is  pretty good as Enjolras. I would have to say I prefer Anthony Warlow.         Michael Ball is an excellent Marius. No one I've ever heard begins to  compare.<br />   Judy Kuhn is OK. She's not terrible but I've heard better<br />    Lea Solonga is a great Eponine. She has a beauthiful voice<br />   I would  definatly recommend this CD and the video of the concert. It is very moving  and includes many of the best performers.
1560100842|5.0|I ran across Preston Blair's Advanced Animation in the Walter Foster &quot;how-to&quot; series many years ago. I'm not an animator, but the book was a great influence on my 30-year newspaper career. Every print  cartoonist can learn from Blair-- especially the principles of  &quot;stretch &amp; squash&quot; and &quot;follow-thru&quot;.<br />I  recommended the book to hundreds of beginning cartoonists and used  &quot;Advanced Animation&quot; as a textbook in cartoon workshops at the  Univ. of Washington, Western Wash. Univ. and Ohio State Univ. I also  recommend Preston Blair highly on my present cartoon website.
B00000DLV1|4.0|I am a serious hip hop fan. When I listened to PNYC disk I was blown away. Tracks 1,3,5,8 made the cd better than alot of hip hop albums that I have heard recently. If you have never seen this group before please do not  assume that they are a rappers. They are not. I hope that other hip hop  fans would give this cd a shot.
B00000IQBM|5.0|No other film is as eerie or unsettling as Kubrick's The Shining.  Though previews for &quot;The Sixth Sense&quot; and esp. &quot;The Blair Witch Project&quot; look promising.  Thank you to Amazon for telling us why The  Shining and so many of Kubrick's other films were not released letterboxed.   I have been waiting for years for a widescreen version.  Now I'll finally  be able to purchase the full screen version knowing that it does not  compromise Kubrick's vision.
1878424319|5.0|This book has tremendous applications for assisting people of all ages to build resiliency.  I will be using the book with a group of young men and women who have gotten into the juvenile criminal justice system.  I have  shared the book with teachers, social service, probation officers and  police professionals.  Their reviews have all been very positive.  I also  have found practicing the four agreements very rewarding in my life.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I've had this album for nearly a year now, and I still haven't gotten sick of it. I love it and the sound really appeals to me. Of course, it's not the &quot;album of the century&quot; or probably even the decade, but it's  my favourite, and that's what counts for me. Songs like &quot;Exit Music  (For a Film)&quot; and &quot;Lucky&quot; really turn me on to OK Computer,  moreso than any of the other Radiohead albums did. <br />OK Computer is a good  album that I particularily enjoy - that's all. It certainly doesn't deserve  any bad reviews, but it doesn't deserve extreme praise either. It's a great  CD that I love, and I hope that any prospective buyers might love it  too.<br />Cheers.
0767835107|5.0|I saw it three times (!) and it looks better everytime. Ryan Phillype is great and smg is incredible. Everything is good in it. I am sad there is no deleted scenes on the DVD.
0375408266|1.0|The entire story could have been told far better  in 10 pages.Maybe less. But  to get their 20 bucks, the author, editor and publisher pack in another 180 pages are pure fluff. As for the &quot;secret&quot;, I'm sure  everyone  thought it had to  be a little more a good deal more significant  and   surprising than  it turned out.  As the reviewer says above, the  woman would rather do hard time  than admit she can't read? I can see the  sequel even now: woman kills self and rest of world because she's not  online.
0385493827|3.0|If you read some of the hundreds of comments about THE TESTAMENT (which I encourage) you'll find that there are three camps.  1) Those who loved it.  They are clearly-to be polite-uncritical readers.  2) The readers who hated  it.  If you carefully read between the lines, you'll discover that they are  mostly dreary, bigoted, anal-retentive liberals.  Many closely identify  with the Phelan children.  They've been fanatical Grisham devotees because  of the hackneyed and relentless political correctness of his earlier  novels-and now they feel betrayed.  The &quot;objectionable&quot; themes in  THE TESTAMENT are the depiction of an extraordinarily kind, gentle,  selfless missionary, and of the redemption of a hopeless alcoholic lawyer  (Nate) by his faith in her faith.  3) The third camp is composed of readers  who appreciate Grisham's brilliant writing, but were disappointed by  various deficiencies which should have been caught and corrected by the  (apparently comatose) editor.  Moreover, while THE TESTAMENT isn't as  entertaining as THE RAINMAKER or THE RUNAWAY JURY, a comparison is  unfair-THE TESTAMENT is a different genre.  Also, admittedly, the ending is  unsatisfying, but that's almost become a Grisham trademark.<br />So, if you  are a narrow-minded zealot who expects a Grisham novel to be an insipid  politically-correct sermon, you'll hate THE TESTAMENT.  Most other readers  will enjoy it.
0802130208|4.0|When I had this book first recommended to me by one of my English teachers, I never really thought anything of it. But once I read the book, I thought it was interesting and even made me laugh out loud a few times,  which very seldomly happens when I read a book and it is supposedly  &quot;funny.&quot; I also thought that it was very different from other  books and story lines I had read, which is also another plus. The reason I  only gave four stars is, well, because the character Ignatius is sometimes  annoying by his theories or the things that he thinks and says and he  grosses me out at times with the amount of food he eats. This may sound  weird, but I find that sometimes a bad thing in a book. Other than that,  this is a wonderful book!! I recommend it, as well....
1556589433|5.0|I just watched Sophie's Choice, and if I didn't know who Meryl Streep was or if this was the first movie I had seen her in, I would have thought she was Jewish.  She does not play a jew in the movie, she plays a woman from  Poland, but she looks and talks just like a jew.  She was absolutely  perfect.  Her actions, her vocabulary, her accent. It was all quite  wonderful.  <br />But, I sobbed for about twenty minutes after watching it.   I'm sorry I don't have anything witty to say about the movie, but I would  DEFINITELY recommend it.
B00000JCOV|1.0|A friend played this junk for me recently and it's a joke.  It sounds like a 1,000 hair dryers blowing at once, with no sense of musicality or songcraft.  It reminds me of the guy from &quot;Spinal Tap&quot; who plays  the guitar solo with his shoe -- noise for the sake of noise.  If I turned  up a guitar to full blast and strummed it with a tuna, it would sound just  as good.  And the guy screaming his lungs up sounds like he's going to have  a stroke.  Take it easy, Pal.  Life ain't that bad.  Anyway, save your  hard-earned $ on this one and wait for the next Pantera CD.
6300214540|5.0|A a real flash-back to the 80's! The clothes, the style, the jargon, the humor, the production style - this classic was the first big hit by Tom Cruise, Kelly McGillis, &amp; Michael Ironside!  It's a benchmark in motion  picture history ... and worth owning because of it's impact on pop culture!
B000002WYT|5.0|The sound that was in the cd was soooooooo awesome!  It is practically all what I play!  And with amazon.com I got it fast and I got a great discount!  I know I got a great cd with a great value!!!!
B000002KGT|5.0|Rumours is the BEST album ever recorded. I have 4 children ranging from 5-10 in age that love their music. I will take all my Fleetwood Mac albums, and collectables to my grave.
6304618344|5.0|In Face/off, John Travolta and Nicolas Cage give the performances of their lives. With great direction by John Woo, and a great story that gives the movie a sense of heart, characters, and amazing action sequences.  Primarily, Cage is especially good, not only in his transition from the  villianous Castory Troy to dedicated cop Sean Archer, but his fifteen  minute stint as Troy alone makes the movie worth watching. Aside from  Cage's great acting and Woo's brillian direction, the script was especially  good, pooring on more than just one level to the story, like most other  action movies floating around. The story takes us immediatly into a  tragedy, propels us through an amazing and heart pounding action sequence,  then builds up story as Archer is trapped in a maximum security prison  wearing the face of the man who killed his son! What a story that is for an  action movie in today's society.
0880381736|4.0|I cannot say this is the best book I have ever read, after &quot;The Lord of the Rings&quot;, but I have to recognise that is a great fantasy book! This is a book that gives wonderfull ideas if you belong to a group of  role-playing as I do. It's an easy reading and has a good price in the  internet, but is very expensive in portuguese shops.  If someone wants to  start reading fantasy books, this one is an fantastic oportunity to do it.  Give this book a chance, and you'l see that it was wourth every minute and  every hour that you didn't sleep, because you wanted to know how it ended.
B00000JCB2|5.0|LB's second album blows away the first one. I thought that the first one was great but this is way better. The songs have less screaming than the first and more melody. Great job for Limp Bizkit.
0688062334|5.0|This is a book I will always love. I've had it for ages, since I was 10, and I still read it a couple of times a year. Every time I open the book and start reading it's like I'm being sucked in to the wonderful world of  wisards and witches and magic. My favorite characters are Howl (I'm in love  with him), Sophie, Micheal and, of course, Calcifer. I don't know if Diana  Wynne Jones has written any more books about Howl, but if she has, please,  someone let me know.
0393317552|2.0|i found the book unenlightening, ploddingly written, and agenda-ridden. diamond has some contributions to make, but his book is deterministic, p.c., and self-congratulatory -- ie., very '60s. '60s folks looking for  some &quot;science&quot; to back up their prejudices should be happy with  the book. readers looking for the science and the thinking to take  precedence may be disappointed.<br />as diamond presents his thesis about  geography's impact on the development of civilizations, it doesn't just  condition human existence, it determines it, it explains everything. a  little modesty wouldn't have hurt. and isn't it worth at least toying with  ideas of this sort, for example: that the reason a group of  hunter-gatherers didn't become farmers was because they chose not to?  diamond doesn't once, that i recall, discuss the question of human  preferences and choices. evidently for him they count for  nothing.<br />diamond's p.c. agenda seemed to me to distort his thought  processes. for example, he denounces anyone who makes the claim that one  population group may be more intelligent or gifted in some way than another  -- fine. but then he goes on to confide that he thinks the new guineans he  knew were smarter than europeans. ooops. he thinks he's scored a point. but  didn't he, or his editor, notice a little logic problem here? invasions and  migrations of populations are matters of fact for diamond -- until it's  europeans doing the invading or migrating, at which time they're described  as murderous. all of which -- and much more -- made me conclude that  diamond is more intent on fitting his many, many facts and occasional  not-bad idea into a p.c. scheme than he is on trying to make a little sense  out of history and life.<br />and as a writer for the general audience,  diamond is only passable -- not in a class with e.o. wilson, or pinker, or  paul davies. overall, a disappointment.
0688062334|5.0|This is in my oppinion one of the best books ever written. It has everything. It's imagenative, funny, sweet, exciting and wonderful.
0140277447|5.0|After I finished The Rape of Nanking, I was breathless and the pages were streaked with tears.  It is a phenomenal description of a historical event that has been neglected in the textbooks of World History books all over  the world.  Iris Chang's partitioning of the book illuminated the event  from the Japanese, Chinese, and European points of view.  The anecdotes and  statistics she chose all culminated to make a earth shattering point.  It  is a remarkable study on human psychology and on the cycle of history.   Anytime anyone has ever asked me for a book recommendation I would advise  this book.  It changes one's outlook on the world. The Rape of Nanking is  as critical to our human history as more highly publicized atrocities like  the Jewish holocaust or the Cambodian genocide. The book should not be read  for its literary technique ( which I think was superb ) but for the heart  of the matter.  Iris Chang dared to break a taboo on a topic so rarely  spoken of; she dared to tell the stories of victims who have concealed  their tales for decades. I can't acclaim this book enough; the only way to  understand the power of this book is to read it for yourself.
6304082428|5.0|Pride and Prejudice is the absolute best. It is so beautiful and charming and funny that I can watch it over and over and over. Colin Firth is, in my oppinion, one of the best and most charming actors around and he makes  Mr.Darcy into one of the most handsome, great and most desirable men  around. Lizzy Bennet is a great role model for young women today. Her  wonderful spirit and up beat attitude is so charming and it's no wonder  that she makes Mr.Darcy crazy in love for her and change his whole  attitude. Watch it!!
B000002552|3.0|There are a couple of terrific Dylan tunes (\\"This Wheel's on Fire,\\" \\"You Ain't Goin' Nowhere,\\" and especially \\"Tears of Rage\\"), but it's the relaxed atmosphere, the sense that the listener is eavesdropping on a great artist when he would otherwise be alone with his muse (and bandmates), that makes this collection so unique. You hear Dylan sketching his songs before applying the paint. This rare sense of intimacy is perhaps the primary attraction of \\"The Basement Tapes.\\"<br />Much has been written about these tapes, arguably too much (Greil Marcus devoted an entire book to them in the pretentiously named \\"Invisible Republic\\"), perhaps detracting from their simple charm, but they remain a treat to listen to.<br />Unfortunately, the contributions from the Band are not up to par and take up space that could have been better occupied by \\"Sante Fe\\" (later released on The Bootleg Series Vol. 1-3) or any of the other cuts that surfaced in later years. Many of their songs did not even originate at these impromptu sessions but were simply added to inflate the group's importance to what has become a watershed moment in popular music.<br />As a result, this is not only a truncated Reader's Digest version of \\"The Basement Tapes,\\" but a less than authentic packaging of these landmark performances. Hopefully, a more thorough and accurate representation will surface via The Bootleg Series. Until then, I suppose this is better than nothing.
6304082428|5.0|This is the best mini-series that I have ever watched. Mr.Darcy, Lizzy Bennet, Mr.Collins, the mix of different, interesting characters is fantastic. Everyone should have the privilage to see this
B000002VCO|4.0|I didn't understand the theme of this project -- if there indeed was one.  Nevertheless, the CD's worth it, even if it's just for a couple of tracks.  Try &quot;Since The Last Goodbye&quot; and &quot;Don't Answer Me.&quot;   The latter still gets quite of bit of play on oldies and soft rock  stations.  I think that APP could have done a great concept album around  the theme of that tune.<br />Though it lacks the clear concept approach of  earlier APP works, I still recommend giving this CD a listen.
0449911357|4.0|Fannie Flagg is such a gifted, talented writer.  I could read her books over and over again.  However, this particular writing style, jumping back and forth between time, was a bit confusing.  It would be 1986, then 1944,  back to 1986, then drop down past 1944 and go to 1936.  Huh?  What came  first?!  Oh, but after a while I got used to it and rather enjoyed the book  and the mystery.  Not as good as Daisy Fay but still a readable and  engaging novel.
B0000021RG|3.0|...too little attention paid on the behind the scenes work that went into developing (or not) this project.  This set contains many of the great tunes that Chicago put together early in their career.  It's just too bad  that the sound on this set doesn't do the band justice.  <br />This CD set is  for serious die-hard fans, but there are better live recordings to choose  from.
B000002N9L|5.0|If you ever doubted that Prince was among the best guitarists around, here it is.  Amazing, uncompromising, genre-stretching, straight-ahead rock and blues.  This record kicked my A$$!
B000002VCB|4.0|This is not an album that attracted a lot of positive attention when it came out, but I bought it anyway because it's APP (one of the few groups I ever bought without previewing).  While the first few times through you may  not be too impressed, try listening to it at least 5-10 times and it will  really grow on you.  While the album has obvious weaknesses, it has a lot  to offer -- different things to different people, and the earlier &quot;APP  sound&quot; comes through.  I like &quot;Winding me up&quot; and other  tracks quite a bit -- vocals and instrumentals alike.<br />Give it a try and  decide how amused/outraged/entertained you are.
0393317552|3.0|His discussion of domesticating plants and animals, germs, axis and barriers was brilliant.  The only nagging question I had was his assumption that if something didn't happen it must be impossible.   If Africans didn't  domesticate animals then they must be impossible to domesticate.  The  interesting part of the book is only about half its contents.  The rest is  filler - a combination of repitition, politically correct musings and  historical tid bits.  It would have been nice if he had instead spent the  space addressing some of the arguments for and against his theories.
B000002VEP|3.0|By the time this CD came out in the late 1980s, the Parsons-Woolfson connection appeared to be waning.  Though this is CD is full of interesting tracks, there were few songs that stood alone above the rest of the stuff  out there.  The best thing about this project is the commitment to the  concept at hand -- La Sagrada Familia, and its story.
B000002KM6|5.0|If this is Van Halen's worst-selling album (&quot;only&quot; multi-platinum), then women must buy a lot of their albums.  Simply put, there are no long, boring &quot;rock ballad&quot; songs on this one.  It's  simply EVH at his absolute best.  (Roth's &quot;One Foot Out The Door&quot;  sounds autobiographical, too.)  Try it, you'll like it.  (I also love  &quot;Sinner's Swing&quot;!)
B000002VC5|4.0|This project is a lot more up tempo than &quot;Tales of mystery...&quot;  Still, &quot;Breakdown&quot; and &quot;Don't let it show&quot; are both favorites of mine.  Though this CD is not one of my personal favorites, I  know that several of my friends in the late 1970s were converted to APP by  this album.  Maybe it will do the same for you.
6305508550|5.0|Charcters have been created to represent all of society. I think this is the third best film ever made. A winner! A must see!
B000002VC3|5.0|This album, along with &quot;Turn of a Friendly Card&quot; and &quot;Vulture Culture&quot; are my favorite APP efforts. The one-two combination of &quot;Sirius&quot; and &quot;Eye In The Sky&quot; alone are  well worth the price of this CD.  And there are a number of other excellent  tracks to go with them...all of them, as a matter of fact, though  &quot;Step by step&quot; is probably the weakest piece on the CD.<br />By this  CD and see what APP was all about.  Parsons and Woolfson were a terrific  musical combination.
0446310786|5.0|Granted, this book is required reading for many ninth grade english classes (I know it was for me), which could make kids not like it.  But, even at 13, when I first read it, I fell in love with it because it made me think.   As I got older, I started to realize the very deep nature of the kind of  person Atticus was and the values he was teaching his children in the deep  south.  I can't help but admire Atticus deeply for the man he is and what  he wants his children to be.  The racism in this book is overwhelmingly  powerful and strives to show the injustices that was and still are a large  part of this nation.  It doesn't promote it; it makes us aware.  For all  those ninth graders out there who read this book by command of a teacher,  pick it up again in a couple years and then tell me if it was deep or  lacking in the american classic ability.  You might be surprised by what  you find.
B000001FN3|4.0|I love APP, and this is the album (sort of) that got me started as a fan way back when.  I had played my vinyl version of this album 100s of time and looked forward to experiencing this music on CD.  As I enthusiastically  opened this CD and slid it into my machine I was unimpressed by the voice  over on the first track, &quot;A Dream within a dream.&quot; Sure, it's  Wells, but it wasn't exactly my same old friend...the album I was so  impressed by over 20 years ago. There were a few other subtle changes here  and there, but nothing as substantial as the voice over.  After a couple  more times through the disc it was, after all, (except for the voice over)  my old friend.  I give the vinyl original 5 stars because of tradition and  expectation, and this CD 4 stars, but only because of the first track.   Track down the vinyl version and compare.<br />Does anybody else out there  feel the same way I do about the voice over?
B00000JGOH|3.0|I suggest that this film appeals mainly to those who probably have not read much Shakespeare but have rightly told that he was a great man. It has enough Scmaltz to amuse and interest many , athough perhaps not too  accurate historically (after all all it is a movie).<br />To think it was  selected over Saving Private Ryan suggests that the Academy is easily  swayed by non-artisitc influences. Big surprise.<br />It is a good film  though, and I would recommend seeing it but not to expect too much
6304039506|5.0|I only wished I could have seen the stage version of this movie.  I would have loved to Brando's early work on the stage.
6305335745|4.0|If you loved the old horror comic books you read when you were a kid, you will love this movie. As for the reviewer who finds this film so foolish, I would just respectfully say that this film was intended for entertainment.  It's not supposed to be masterpiece theater.
6304196784|5.0|A Fish Called Wanda deserved every major award possible. The mixture of both American and British actors were wonderful.  Kevin Kline deserved his Oscar for this role as Otto.
B0000064TT|5.0|I got into Dixie Dregs quite by accident while playing in a band which never got past the pubs and clubs circuit.  Our drummer played Take it off the Top, which had long featured as backing track to a music show on the  BBC. Having started off by saying 'hey I know this,' by the time I'd heard  a couple more tracks I just asked incredulously - 'who the hell are these  guys?'   Given the answer, I remarked: 'Never heard of them.'    To the  great majority of you out there who haven't heard of them either, let's  just say this is quite sublime music - a voyage through three centuries of  the art from Baroque classic to heavy rock and beyond.    It may sound  quirky, but my Haydn-loving father remains ecstatic about Night Meets Light  more than ten years on. The rest is almost as good.    Buy it - and buy the  rest of the Dregs catalogue.
6302293553|5.0|If anyone could only see one movie in their lifetime, I would recommend this one.  Out of the Monty Python movies I have seen, I like this one the most.  I can usually drive my mom out of the house after singing a few  lines of the song about Sir Robin.  This movie was a hit with my teenage  friends even though it was made in '75.  They had never even seen it!  BUY  THIS MOVIE OR AT LEAST BORROW IT FROM A FRIEND!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B00000ILDF|5.0|This movie got a bad rap and I never understood why. Sure the ending was similar to T2,and although the film makers say that they hadn' t even seeen T2, it still seems stolen. It was, however, a good ending. I thought it was  important for the (then) trilogy to come to that conclusion. As for the  rest of the movie, David Fincher treats us to fantastic visuals with moody  lighting and creepy sets. The character conflicts are very much in the same  vein as the first film. Charles Dutton and Charles Dance are especially  effective. The killing off of Hicks and Newt really irritated people when  this came out. I feel that if they had not, then it would have turned into  Aliens 2.
B000002UJQ|5.0|When my friend first started raving about this album, I only remembered the Radiohead who did &quot;Creep&quot;, a song which didn't stand out in my mind at all.  Finally, out of curiosity, I bought this album.  From the  first notes of &quot;Airbag&quot; to the last notes of &quot;The  Tourist&quot;, I was entirely blown away.  Every single note is crafted  with care and feeling, every single word speaks in volumes.  If you want a  massive head rush, listen to this on headphones.  The music attacks from  every direction at once.  Your head will follow the long fluid guitar leads  and your ears will echo the drum and bass.  This album is the finest thing  I have heard in years.  I originally got it on tape, and within four  months, I had worn it out.
B000005J56|5.0|If any CD has the distinction of being the ONE to make love to my ears, Buena Vista Social Club has to be it. The songs are lush and full of energy, and the performers--especially Ibrahim Ferrer, Compay Segundo, and  Ruben Gonzalez--are in top form. True, Ry Cooder's slide guitar does take  away some from the pieces, but the maestros' collective presence is such  that you can't help but listen. <br />And to all that want to make some sort  of anti-Cuban political grandstanding using this CD--SHAME ON YOU! Note  that many of these maestros continued practicing their art during the  &quot;communist oppression&quot; that you so despise. I think they should  be given a chance to perform live here in the United States. If the CD is  this wonderful, then a live performance would truly be extraordinary.
6300151379|5.0|When you compare this movie with the muppetshow, the muppets are like a VW Beetle and Labyrinth is like a Rolls Royce.  Every little detail in this film is so wonderful and when you watch this film over and over you will  see new things every time. Amazone really has to release this film, because  my home-made copy has been melted of watching.
0380789019|3.0|The characters were very unique and the setting straight out of a child's dream, but overall the book was slow.  I felt it lacked that crucial element that makes a book into a &quot;book you can't put down&quot;.   Perhaps I just expected too much, reading all those great reviews.  So  judge for yourself - give it a try.
0812548094|4.0|OK, so he borrowed a little from the Wheel of Time Jordan books.  So what?  Robert Jordan's last foray was rather weak, so I enjoyed reading this similar, yet better written, version.  The bottom line is that the book IS  a simple, fun, and not too intelligent story...exactly the reason a person  should be reading fantasy in the first place.
B00000J7S8|5.0|Diana Krall seems to be like good wine, the older the better!  Every track is perfection, her voice is strong and yet soothing.  This recording is a must for anyone who enjoys jazz.
6304342160|5.0|I absolutely LOVED Bound; it was a good love story as well as a riveting  Suspense.  I especially loved Corky!  However, the sex scene was a bit  disappointing ~ what self-respecting Butch would lie on her back during the  first encounter and do nothing
B000003S28|4.0|-music for hauntings/bathings  -alternating shades that plumb a life's soundtrack  -the ground morphs into the brain's latest soundstage -- an acid sunset peppered with economized chills.
0790729989|4.0|Until the killer John Doe appears, this movie is not that intense. Kevin Spacey is very charismatic in this role. One of the best characters he played.
044022165X|4.0|I was about to come to the USA as a foreign student earlier this year. I wanted to know about the black history. Went to the library of this small town i live in Pakistan. Found &quot;A time to kill&quot; there. From that  day onwards i am a John Grasham fan.  &quot;The Rain Maker&quot; didnt let  me sleep for two days and nights. It was a wonderful experience for me. I  am here now to order more books. :)
B000003S5H|5.0|Music above all should make you feel good, but this my friends, is quite remarkable. As I listen to the album run through, it incites a flood of memories washing over me. It's as though the melodies were coming out of  me, and not my speakers. I've never sat down all alone and listened to an  album, only to find myself smiling at numerous times during the play. It's  #1 in my collection. I can't wait for the next one &quot;Premiere  Symptoms&quot; to come out.
B000002L5I|5.0|Finally we get the sequel to Ledbetter Heights.  Kenny is a great guitar player.  He is not one of the best singers I have ever heard, but what Blues player is? He brings that Louisiana Blues style into mainstream  America. I can't wait for the next album.  Good job Kenny.
1884822312|5.0|I try to work through this book for a half hour every night before bed. Has done wonders for increasing my ability to spot winning moves! If I could only keep one of my chess books, this would be it.
B00000IO4I|5.0|Jane Horrocks turns in one of the great performances in cinematic history.  As stunning as her musical performances in this film are, the transformation from fragile and damaged young woman to a beautiful flower  unfolding before your eyes is amazing!  Let's hope we see a lot more of  her.
6303431038|5.0|Much that has been written about this film is extreamly negitive.  It flopped at the Box office and critics tore it apart.  Well, I love it with a lot of admiration.  It is a great film, great acting, action, set design,  cinematagraphy, and James Newton Howard's wonderful score makes it great  viewing.
0684852756|5.0|I could not put the book down. When I finished it I started lending it to my friends,especially female ones, thinking that it would help all of us to understand male psychology-well, at least some of it. Honesty and  self-respect: us women have to learn from Jay.
630349255X|5.0|Then it would be perfect...
630305904X|5.0|I have watched this film ten times and I never seem to get tired of it. The film may sometimes seem obscure however if the viewer has any common sense there should not be a problem understanding it. Cinematography,  costume, settings and cast fit together perfectly. It's a movie of few  words but gives a strong impact. The movie plays like a dream.
B000000JO3|5.0|The sound of a kid in the basement screaming upstairs that his parents and siblings are full of it and eventually getting them to believe it.  There's no excuse for not owning this.  The song &quot;Minor Threat&quot; alone is  worth the meager price tag and is one of the finest rock songs ever  recorded by anyone, ever.
0679745203|5.0|I haven't read anything better.  To dwell on the historical inaccuracies is to miss the point (I'm something of an amateur military historian, but I was enjoying everything too much to let them ruffle my feathers).  The  writing is beautiful, lyrical and evocative.  I spent several months  reading and re-reading it, enjoying the imagry and the characters.  The  only problem is the ending, which is both abrupt and seemingly somewhat at  odds with the rest of the narrative.  Kip is a relatively minor character  for most of the novel, and it is a mistake to center the ending on him.   Fortunately the movie, which is excellent, avoids this faux pas.  That  aside, I can't recommend it highly enough.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|This track is definitely worth spending money on, it's hip rythym gets you singing along instantly.Quote the Kinko never more.2:24
B0000009OP|5.0|rest in peace, mark sandman
B0000009OP|5.0|I just heard today that Mark Sandman died of a heart attack while on stage performing with Morphine outside of Rome. What a loss! This is an incredible band. I saw them live in St. Louis for the &quot;Cure for  Pain&quot; tour, and they brought the house down at Mississippi Nights. Not  only that, but Mark Sandman was a great guy--he even autographed my copy of  &quot;Cure for Pain&quot; and he was going to contribute a song to my  friend's independent film for very little compensation. A good guy--and he  knew how to rock with the best of them. Morphine has one of the most  original sounds of any bands I've heard in a long time--but without losing  the essential groove that makes rock listenable, and, lest we forget, FUN!  I will miss Sandman's music, but he has left a lasting testimony to his  talent, especially with these recordings on &quot;Cure for Pain,&quot; the  best of the best from Morphine in their brief, but very enviable,  discography. Mark, you're the best--I'll miss your music!
B000002UB6|4.0|'It's over. Let people see us with our pants off', said John Lennon, proclaiming that he didn't really care too much about whether 'Let It Be' was released or not. In the end, it was, of course - doctored to death by  Phil Spector in some places ('Let It Be' and 'Across the Universe' both  strangled by his strings.)<br />Well, this is, indeed, the Beatles with their  pants off. John Lennon's voice cracks in the middle of 'Dig a Pony', and  there's no studio trickery to save it. It's a million miles away from the  laborious production that resulted in the glossy sound of albums like 'Sgt.  Pepper' - and that's where the magic of 'Let It Be' lies. Even if Spectre  wasn't exorcised, he couldn't detract from the honesty and raw energy that  shine through the album and are exemplified in songs like 'I've Got A  Feeling' (Try to hear the 'Rooftop Sessions' album for a great version of  this song. I'd also recommend the 'Anthology 3' versions of 'I've Got a  Feeling', 'Dig a Pony' &amp; 'Get Back'.)<br />'Two of Us' is a poignant song;  beneath its seemingly naive lyrics is a summation of the difficult, complex  relationship between John Lennon and Paul McCartney. And what a journey it  was for the two of them. It's incredible to compare the pair in 1962 - one  with a cherubic grin, the other sneering short-sightedly down the end of  his nose at the camera - with the world-weary, cynical Lennon and McCartney  who had become among the most famous men in the world by the time of these  sessions. 'The two of us / sending postcards / writing letters, on my wall  / The two of us / burning matches / lifting latches / on our way back home'  is almost painfully wistful - harking back to a more innocent time in their  lives when the world still seemed fresh and anything was  possible.<br />However, even the most fervent Beatles apologist can't explain  away a song like 'I Me Mine'. And the biggest insult I can conceive of to  describe 'The Long and Winding Road' is to say it belongs on a Paul  McCartney solo album. Quite simply the worst song the Beatles ever  recorded, its embarrassing schmaltz can't be blamed on Spector's  ham-handedness. But there are far more pluses than minuses here. 'Dig It'  is the spirit of John Lennon, distilled. 'Let It Be', the title track, has  become too familiar over time - but do you remember how powerful it was  when you first heard it? 'Maggie Mae' was a wonderfully appropriate song  for the album - a drunken singalong that demonstrated that the Beatles  never lost touch with their essential humanity. I once saw an ad that said:  'You can hear a man's heart through a stethoscope. But sometimes you can  hear it much more clearly through a microphone.' They could have been  talking about this album.
6304032579|5.0|Okay, thanks to Pierce Brosnan we can still watch great movies for the next 10 years. Now to begin with, OO7 and his partner 006 were on a mission to destroy a nerve gas facility. But all went wrong when 006 was shot in  the head by General orumoz. James completed the mission, But sadly, 006  died a.k.a. Alec.       Nine years later, The Janus syndicate looms all  over Russia. General Orumoz and Xenia onnatop steal a nuclear weapon code  named Goldeneye. The only survivor was Natalya Simonova.       mi6 believes  that The Janus syndicate had something to do with it. They send their Top  agent on the job. Their Bond meets up with his old enemy, Valentin  Zukufsky. Valentine sets Bond up with Janus. Bond has to face the truth  that 006 is alive and well. Not to mention, alec is also the shadowy leader  of the Janus syndicate. <br />     While Janus makes an escape, oo7 and  Natalya are arrested by Mischkin. Natalya tells Mischkin the truth about  General Orumoz. Moments later, Mischkin was murdered by Orumoz, who put the  blame on James. But James grabbes a machine gun and plows his way out of  their cell into an archives. Where Natalya is captured and put into a car.  James Bond uses an army tank to give chase.......................
0312084986|5.0|All Creatures Great and Small transports you back to the pre-war English countryside, but it may not be as bucolic as you might think: the new vet must  stand up to the long-time farmers and win their confidence and win  battles against disease and injury with the local animal population.  At  the same time, he develops a rapport with the quirky brothers who hired him  into their practice, he begins building social relationships with the  villagers, and he begins to lose his heart to one of the area's farm girls.  All this -- with the specter of World War II advancing like approaching  storm clouds upon these warm, humane people.  The characters, setting, and  heroic battles to save the animals and a way of life are totally  unforgettable.  A book to treasure.
B000002LEE|5.0|I saw Jane's Addiction in '88 when they were touring for this release. They opened for the Ramones in Pittsburgh in the basement of the Syria Mosque. I'd heard their first self-titled release, but &quot;Nothing's  Shocking&quot; had just come out. Live, they were incredible--but  unfortunately, Perry came out in a girdle and hard-core Ramones fans boo-ed  them off the stage, which really SUCKED--because, musically, they are way  better than the Ramones. I loved all the new songs, so I bought the album,  and my high expectations were not disappointed, but in fact surpassed when  I listened to this incredible CD. Farrell's voice sounded like something  unearthly to me, like a freakin' banshee from hell or something, and  Navarro's guitar was rooted in the best of early '70's rock with some new  twists. Even now, when I listen to &quot;Nothing's Shocking,&quot; I can  think of few other bands in the history of rock music that can match their  innovative style, eccentric personalities, and energetic attack on the   reality testing of the listener. At the time, I introducted JA to my  friends, and they all hated it. I'd hoped it would be a bridge to connect  my hippy-Dead-Head and Metal-Head (Motorhead, Metallica, etc.) friends, but  it was too gender-vague for the head-bangers with their homophobia and too  loud for the stoner Dead Heads. Well, by the time Lollapalooza came around,  that's what we got--a melding of factions in the youth; dead heads,  headbangers, punkers, and even hip hop fans, all came together and shared  something there. So, I thought that was cool, and I felt somewhat  vindicated and, with my head up my butt, I bit conceited for feeling I'd  somehow foreseen this bright future. Well, the years have passed and kids  are still as divided as ever, but now we have new musical categories which  divide them up. Anyway, Jane's for me has always been about a fusion of  styles, nothing short of a social revolution of sorts that didn't really  pan out--so I guess I was an idealist and now I know better. But at least  this album, &quot;Nothing's Shocking,&quot; stands as Jane's greatest  achievement--yes, I think much better than &quot;Ritual de lo  Habitual.&quot;
6305161976|5.0|The ultimate dating tool.  Casablanca is not only a gem of a film but reveals a cultured side of a man's character.  Most single women haven't seen it but know that they should.  This romantic film will come in handy  many times.  Own it and you'll always have the perfect evening for that  special someone or two or three
6304618344|5.0|Face Off is one of my favorite movies and is definitely in my top five list of best movies of all time. This movie is unique from all others in that the good and bad guys along with their entourage switch roles.  Nicholas Cage plays Castor Troy and John Travolta plays Sean Archer. In the  beginning you're rooting for Archer and the FBI, but after the &quot;face  off&quot; operation the viewer ends up supporting Cage and his band of  thugs. It's really weird. This movie is loaded with breath- taking stunts  and special effects. The acting was superb and there's a lot of witty  comedy that's sprinkled throughout the film. This is a MUST SEE for all  action movie buffs.
0441003257|5.0|I first read Good Omens about 7 years ago, and promptly referred it to family and friends. It introduced me to the Terry Pratchett's subtle yet 'custard-pie-in-the-face' writing style, and this collaboration with Neil  Gaiman adds the pique of black comedy. I don't think you can compare this  book to any other author/genre/comedic group, not even to some of  Pratchett's other works - it stands alone as a masterpiece of narrative and  dialogue. Each time I re-read Good Omens, I am struck by yet another subtle  reference to philosophy, history or simply another take on the human  condition. I find that as I become more well-read, I discover that Good  Omens becomes a richer and richer read, which cries out &quot;classic&quot;  to me.
B00000ILDE|5.0|For anyone who loved the Aliens series, this DVD is a must-have. The extra footage placed into this collectors edition far surpasses any version previously released on the market. The only thing that has come close was  James Cameron's laserdisc special edition of this movie, which was about 6  clunky laserdiscs long. This DVD version of Aliens houses all the  information from the laserdisc version and more! All the effort that went  into the technical detail for the behind-the-scenes footage is  unbelievable. The interactive menu made my hair stand on end! You have to  see it for yourself. If you want to increase your DVD collection, start  with this piece of science fiction cinema history. This is the way Aliens  was meant to be experienced.
6304432453|5.0|It's a wild techno ride into virtual reality, drugs, murder, abuse of power, perversion and passion.  It culminates at the wildest New Years party ever...The Millenium.<br />Don't miss Peter Gabriel's tune playing over  the ending credits.
B000001EXR|5.0|I can't believe some people rated this badly. It is the best kiss album since revenge. It really surprised me when I bought this July 1, 99. I was kinda like one of those people who had given up on KISS a little I guess. I  have been listening to kiss since 76' and I really was totally in shock  when I cracked this thing out of plastic and took off down the road--I  remembered the single &quot;the jungle&quot; but my main influence on  buying it was the amazing reviews on amazon!! Well master and slave is my  favorite but Hate and childhoods end also dominate my airtime. Wow give  this one a try. I really believe this and psycho circus both are very  good--I also enjoy the unplugged cd quite a bit.  The carnival of souls is  overall the best kiss album -----well ----- since creatures of the  night--there I said it--good nite to all and God loves you!!
B00000IQC8|5.0|I remeber the first time I saw this indie &quot;epic&quot; - having read one quick review in a zine, and then checking it out in a theatre on vacation. And let me tell you, this film is a classic. The whole look and  feel captures the texture of life in the convience world. Yes, you can  really only appreciate it if you've worked retail before, otherwise the  jokes will most likely fly over your head. But the fact that Smith bothers  to add a very thoughtful and meaningful epilogue (the boys do some soul  searching after a rather hilarious food fight in the store) to the piece  only shows the heart of this junk food epic. This one is very dear to my  heart, for it captures the exact feel of the young working class. Yes, of  course, the dialogue is contrived. Yes, the acting is amateur night. But  this piece is still a classic. I recommend anyone to check it out. This is  what independent films are all about, folks. Not hip pieces about tough  talking slicksters. But true, from the heart expressionism.
B000005J56|5.0|My first introduction to the beauty of Cuban music.  No matter the comments on Ry Cooder.  I don't notice him as much as in the film.  Everytime I listen to the CD I am taken away to a beautiful, romantic, even  sometimes gritty, sensuous place.
B000002HJA|5.0|This is a masterpiece! Bone-crushing guitars, an excellent rhythm section, and John Garcia's characteristic searing voice penetrating your mind. Everyone who loved &quot;Sky Valley&quot; will love this album too. You can  fall into the music and let loose or you can totally freak out. My  favorites are: &quot;Gloria Lewis&quot; - it slugs you in the head!  &quot;Size Queen&quot; - quite sticky, just listen to it!  &quot;Catamaran&quot; - beautiful, soft, aggressive. &quot;Spaceship  Landing&quot; - worth a trip!<br />If you're not yet familiar with this kind  of music just keep listening - you'll soon be addicted to it!
B00000DLVA|5.0|This cd rocks! i bet you all my money that you cant find a better album then Gran Turismo this year.
6305177473|5.0|Far better than the original. My kids watch this over and over, and enjoy it each time.
B000002JS6|5.0|An oldie, but by far one of their best piece of work.  I loved them in 1980 when this album was released, and now I'm a grandma and I still love 'em!  20 years later, AC/DC rocks on!
0783114222|5.0|I was born in 1978 so I missed out on the entire Apollo Program. This series showed so much that I could not find any place else. I can not count how many times I have watched this series it never gets old. The small  details are great like to xenon lights used on the moon shots. I recomend  this to anyone that would like to know about the behind the sceens of NASA.
6305426651|5.0|One of the most beautiful stories ever told.  Love that parent can give to a child can not only fight a horor of war, but can give a real hope for better tommorow.
1878424114|4.0|I keep a copy of this book in my cubicle, and pull it down when I need some perspective.  When I need to be reminded that I'm just at a JOB and my LIFE is about meaningful things.  When I need to be reminded that what I  think about my circumstances does make a difference, and how I treat the  people around me says a lot about who I am.<br />Some of the sentences, maybe  even paragraphs, I don't understand.  I find that some passages just don't  add to my understanding of my life and my purpose in life.  But for the  most part, this tiny book reminds me of the &quot;big picture&quot; of my  life.  I'm glad to have it handy when I need it.  I can open to any page,  read for a minute or two, and step outside the daily traumas of my career  and back into the calm part of myself.
0440214041|3.0|Having read &quot;A Time To Kill&quot; and &quot;The Runaway Jury&quot;, I was disappointed with this novel.  Yes, it held my attention, but loosely.  The intrigue was decent but what made it so unbelievable is how Darby  outwitted hardened,world-renowned criminals, the FBI, and CIA----absolute  fantasy!<br />Does not come close to as good as a story as his other two  novels I mentioned.
0385484518|5.0|This was one of the most amazing books I've ever read.  I recently lost my father to a sudden heart attack last fall, and have been searching ever since for &quot;the book&quot; to help the healing process.  Well, I found  it and I was not disappointed. This is must-read for anyone who is trying  to deal with the struggles of life and death. Thank you, Mitch, for sharing  the story of your mentor and friend.
0800103661|5.0|SUPER DUPER GREA
6301773551|2.0|I used to love this movie (until all the crazy fanatics ruined it for me.) This movie's okay, but it's NOT the ideal movie that everyone makes it out to be. The special effects are okay, but not that great compared to other  sci-fi movies of the 70's and 80's. The plot is fine, even if it's the same  simple &quot;evil empire fights little group of outgunned rebels&quot; over  again (it's a fairy tale in space.) Yes, it's imaginative, and yes it's got  lots of action. It's a great no-brainer movie, since there aren't any  subtlties or dramatic characters or subplots. Sit down with a bowl of  popcorn on a rainy Saturday afternoon kind of movie. It's a kid's movie.  Not the greatest movie of all time.
B00000JPH5|5.0|I saw this movie years ago and loved it.  Years later I happened upon a copy in a store and bought it for my cousins and it's their favorite movie.  Now that I have a young daughter I borrowed it and she loves it too.   Absolutely one of the best movies with the combination of real people and  muppet like characters.  The music is a great added bonus.
B000002UW1|5.0|i recomened this cd for anyone wanting real music. The lyrics are good, there is know cussing and the tune is good.
0375707972|3.0|While I enjoyed the beginning, I was disappointed with the end.  I felt no sympathy or emotional connections with the main characters, but mainly borderline disgust.  The plot is well written and it is an interesting if  disturbing story that keeps the read mediocre.
6302787556|3.0|This is an incredible production.  Lee reconstructs neighborhoods and places that have been gone for years, and he deserves an awful lot of credit.  The film, as a film, works very well.  However, if anyone has read  about the Nation of Islam and the life of Malcom X, there is a fair amount  of information about the role Boston Minister, Louis Farrakhan played in  the killing.  Of course, if Lee had included Louis X in the movie, he'd end  up like Malcom.  <br />Before I get myself killed, please allow me to  recommend a great book that covers the assassination better than any other  book I've read: &quot;Pillar of Fire, America in the King Years,  1963-64&quot; by Taylor Branch.  Although the book is primarily about King,  it covers the events leading up to the killing of Malcolm X, including an  amazing assassination attempt of one of Malcom X's colleagues during a high  speed car chase through the streets of Boston. <br />After I read Branch's  book, I saw Lee's film as a great movie, but historically, a missed  opportunity.  I think Lee is too close to the subject matter to include all  of the details in an objective manner.  So despite all the great  performances, costumes, sets, and photography, I am left a bit  disappointed.  I'm waiting for a courageous filmmaker to do justice to  Malcom X's life and legacy.
0140042520|5.0|I would be lying if a said that this book did not change my life.  I thought that &quot;On the Road&quot; was amazing, but &quot;The Dharma Bums&quot; is by far his best.  Kerouac seems to be much more settled in  his religious and philosophical views in this novel.  His main pal, Japhy,  is one of the most inspirational charaters in all of American literature.   Though first time readers of Jack should probably start with &quot;On the  Road&quot;, &quot;The Dharma Bums&quot; is a must read for any Beat  Generation fan.
0784011710|4.0|There is so much that is right about this film that it seems a shame to point out its flaws, but.... What's right is Meryl Streep. Besides the stunning technical achievements: mastering 2 foreign languages and accents, and a look that ranges from bountiful and beautiful to emaciated and ravaged; Streep creates a multi-dimentional character whom you believe and care about, yet whose mystery makes you need to watch, probe, speculate and question. It's an achievement up there with DeNiro's performance in \\"Raging Bull\\" where the actor fully becomes someone else. (I'm always surprised by those who find Streep mannered and unconvincing.) The other thing that's right about the film is the music and cinematography, capturing both a romantic nostalgia for post-war Brooklyn and the dimmed-color, horrific memory of Auschwitz. Much of what I find wrong with the film is also wrong with the book. Nathan turning out to be a druggie nut-case seems contrived--especially in how it is snidely revealed by his brother in the movie. When Stingo is inducted into the \\"pantheon of great writers\\" at the Brooklyn Bridge, I couldn't separate the scene from my knowledge that Styron is writing this about HIMSELF! And, when Sophie's memory takes us back to Auschwitz to finally reveal her \\"choice,\\" it's real hard not to have a \\"no, not there again\\" reaction--however much the movie has carried you along. Despite what another has posted here, I find the conclusion right and unavoidable--not tacked on at all. It's a hard movie to watch, with some unfortunate choices made by the author and repeated by the director, but it's ultimately well worth the ride. It's one of those experiences that continues to haunt you, yet--for me--has made me watch the movie several more times over the years.
6302814782|5.0|I loved this movie from the first time I saw it, the excellent soundtrack adds a superb atmosphere to the plot, which, ok, is not the most taxing, but who cares, its meant to be all about fun isnt it! I would reccomend  this film to any &quot;80's child&quot; who likes to look back on the  &quot;good old times&quot;!!
6302641888|5.0|The first time I saw &quot;Persona&quot; as an eager college student many years ago, my reaction was &quot;huh?&quot; I have seen the film several dozen more times since then, and much of the mystery remains, revealing  another dimension with each viewing. Since Bergman's retirement and  subsequent autobiographical writings, John Lahr speculates that this film  is clearly about the two sides of Bergman's mother--and he makes a  convincing case.  Someone else here has posted that the film is really a  disection of schitzophrenia. I have made the argument in the past that the  movie is about...the movies.  The working title was  &quot;Cinematography,&quot; and Bergman has expressed this duality about  the role of the artist/filmmaker in the past and the trickery inherent in  the process of making and watching films. My point is that all the  above--and more--is true. Critic John Simon has stated that &quot;'Persona'  is to film what 'Ullyses' is to the novel.&quot; Yep...at least.
0375707972|2.0|I don't think this book is nearly as morally provocative as thereviewers have said, or as the author would like us to think it is. Ithas become abundantly clear to me that many modern Germans think that paying lip service to questions about morality is sufficient to gain their society a dose of forgiveness, and even entitles them to forgive themselves.  In my mind this book utterly validates my main criticism of post-war German society. In fact, it strikes me as the perfect apologist manifesto for post-war Germany's view of the Holocaust. &quot;What would you have done&quot; is Hanna's question to the judge---and the author then softens his treatment of her, as if her mere asking of the question is tantamount to an excuse. And poor Michael's agony of indecision over whether he should tell the judge of Hanna's secret? Oh, gee, I guess that means he's really a compassionate guy underneath his vapid exterior.  And I suppose the fact that he doesn't tell the judge after all, so Hanna ultimately serves her time in jail, is meant to suggest that modern Germany is now willing to do the right thing? Sorry, but it's too late.  Schlink conveniently ignores the fact that the Holocaust was planned genocide--and every German must share the responsibility for that, forever. Admitting the truth just isn't enough, in the end. If you're a modern Jew who wants to get really p***ed off, read this book.
6300214753|5.0|Ferris is so awesome, and hott.  I would LOVE to be his girlfriend.  My favorite part was when he was on the float, and when he was in the shower.  On the MTV movie awards, when that girl is doing a ferris builer thing in  the shower, that was funny.  Ok, Ferris RULZ forever.  B****** that ferris  isn't for this generation, he is very much.  Ok, watch the movie!
B00000J7S8|5.0|I think this album is all of a piece with Diana Krall's earlier albums: sultry, sexy, elegant stylings of really wonderful songs. With a creative team that includes Russel Malone and Tommy LiPuma she could scarce go  wrong.  This is a truly wonderful album and it will be getting plenty of  spin on my CD player.  Her reading of &quot;Let's Face the Music and  Dance&quot; would thaw the heart of Irving Berling himself and how she  manages to make Leslie Bricusse's turkey &quot;When I Look In Your  Eyes&quot; into a musical feast is sheer magic.  She also resurrects the  old chestnut &quot;I'll String Along With You&quot; without even a hint of  sentimentality, a feat for which I will be eternally grateful.  I don't  agree with all the carping about the orchestrations--they don't affect her  style at all and give a unique texture which differentiates this album from  her others. This is certainly the best new album I have encountered in  1999. And please don't gripe about the album photos!  She is the Babe for  the New Millennium!  She's sexy and smart and elegant and everything that  the sluttish pop-icon regurgitations of Madonna are cracked up to be but  aren't.
6300215717|5.0|This novel movie made its way into my heart as almost no other movie has. Audrey Hepburn's elegance is captured by the camera, and all you can do is just sit there and be mesmerized. This movie has wit, adventure, and clean  romance fit for anyone whether they be a five year old or an elderly lady  in a nursing home. This is one movie I'll always enjoy, and I'm sure  everyone who has seen it feels the same way.
0792151712|1.0|I have never seen a more banal film. I'm at a total loss as to how this won Best Picture.
B00000AFHM|4.0|It goes without saying that this is one of the best albums of 1999. Judging from the previous reviews, people seem to be clearly split on B&amp;S. Amidst all this &quot;how twee they are&quot; nonsense and Smiths  comparisons (huh? Nick Drake, yes.), I will stand my ground and say that  any TRUE music lover needs to own this album. Their predominantly acoustic  style is full of throwbacks to folk-house 60's and 70's glam (the excellent  title track sounds like it walked right out of 1972!). This album is  enduring and will stay with you long after the frat novelty of the  Offspring or today's current Top 40 radio fodder has died away.
B00000IQBL|3.0|\\"Full Metal Jacket\\" is a two-part film -- the first part hard realism, the second ineffective drivel sprinkled within some brilliantly stylized battle scenes.  Combined, they reflect a rather unsatisfying viewing experience,  at least, for me.<br />The first half of the film is a jarring, realistic look  at basic training, and reveals Kubrick's obsession with perfection.   Although I wasn't in the Marines (I was drafted into the Army during that  period), these scenes sparkle with realism (we had a couple very sadistic  D.I's running our company).  Too bad Kubrick chose to end the basic  training section with a ridiculous (almost comic) performance of a soldier  gone mad (shades of \\"The Shining\\" -- but way, way over done).<br />The second  part of the film shows both Kubrick's wonderful camera work along side some  of the lamest excuses for Vietnam-era lingo that I've ever seen/heard  (boring, sing-song dialogue that should have bristled with realism).  The  part where the general chastises Private Joker, then salutes him, was  agonizing to watch.  Another scene where we see one soldier after another  play to a newsreel camera, each speaking a little verse, is strictly out of  the 40's.  There is also a scene onboard a helicopter where the gunner is  shooting villagers and telling Joker that he doesn't have to lead as much  when killing the women and children.  Sorry, this doesn't work either as  comedy or as satire.  But true to Kubrick, while this ridiculous and  unbelievable scene unfolds, Private Joker's friend is listening and trying  not to throw-up (whether it's the helicopter ride or listening and watching  the gunner -- I'm not really sure).  It is this scene that is done to  perfection (honest, I think the kid was actually losing his  cookies!).<br />There is much to really love in this often brilliant,  sometimes shocking film, but alas, there is almost as much to hate.   Between 1 and 10, \\"Full Metal Jacket\\" gets a 6.  I just wish Kubrick would  have deleted those cheesy scenes that I listed, because they really brought  this movie crashing down from Kubrick's normal brilliance to  uncharacteristic mediocrity.
B000001ELB|5.0|A unique compilation of the best of the best. The first three albums by the group Kiss are, arguably, some of the best pop/metal put to vinyl in the history of rock, with some undeniably catchy hooks that would influence  bands for decades to come. This collection distills those albums down to  the absolute essentials making for a single CD (it was originally a double  album) of pure listening bliss. I have to admit that, back in '78, I darn  near wore my copy out, I listened to it so much (you could actually *do*  that with vinyl!) Get it - you won't regret it!
B00000J2L7|5.0|Stanley Kubrick's side-splitting satire of the cold war and nuclear holocaust is truly a one-of-a-kind film that is absolutely brilliant in every respect.  Oddly, this film came out at the same time as the thriller  \\"Fail Safe\\", and both films are remarkably similar in structure (a B52 wing  approaching Russia thinking that the unthinkable has occured), and both  films are outstanding.<br />\\"Dr. Strangelove...\\", however, is so brilliantly  conceived and executed that it rivals comparison.  It is perfection  personified.  There is a scene where the `good' doctor (played by Peter  Sellers) is going through his hilarious antics, and visible on the screen  is the actor playing the Soviet ambassador.  Obviously, Sellers was  ad-libbing because this actor cracked up on screen!  Usually Kubrick is  such a perfectionist that I'm surprised this rewarding mistake made it in  the film.<br />One only has to view the part of the film where General  Ripper's base is being attacked by U.S. forces to see how realistic this  scene was filmed (I doubt one could tell that this wasn't actual battle  footage), which sharply contrasts with the comedic-tone of the film and  adds greatly to its darkness.  Again, perfection.   <br />Between 1 and 10,  this classic gets the highest possible mark!  It is film making at its very  best.  Sadly, the likes of Stanley Kubrick will never be seen again.
B000001C6M|5.0|You probably won't catch Buffy lending an ear to this early treasure of 'extreme' music.  I was in high school when I first heard Show NO Mercy and it opened up my eyes to a novel approach to heavy metal.For its time this  CD (record at the time) was brutally innovative and its rythms and melodies  are still a sure shot thrill even for the weathered veteran of this style.   So - own a piece of modern music history and GET IT! :)
B00000JCB2|4.0|Hey, bizkits got it all:Rap, Rock, metal, and even slow, melodic songs.  All around good cd.  I gave it a 4 because some lyrics are pretty dumb and annoying esp. when all it seems they're saying are cuss words.  My faves  are tracks 1-6.  The rest of the CD is still pretty awesome.  I've got just  2 words for ya:  BUY IT!
078322706X|5.0|I didn't even know this movie existed until my friend and co-worker, David, suggested I see it.  Oh, my...was I ever taken and enthralled from the very first scenes!  I watched it twice in two days.  I still can't  believe it is 3 hours long...it goes by in a flash.  It is by far the best  movie I have ever seen.  I am recommending it to everyone I know.  I don't  even remember seeing it out in the theaters and I am shocked to read that  it didn't get good reviews.  But I look at all the reviews here before mine  and realize that the critics must not know what they are talking about!   This film is a must-see...and more than once!
B000002BSG|5.0|Return of The Space Cowboy was good, but when this one came out I was excited.  It has all sorts of beats and different kinds of music on it.  Jamiroquai knows how to pau all kinds of music from around the world on one  cd.
B00000JGHM|5.0|Definitely one of the most underrated films of all time.  Most people complain about how &quot;boring&quot; it is (they probably said the same of Miami Vice, as well as Thief and Manhunter).  That's the thing about  Micheal Mann, either you love his work or hate it.  Which is a shame, as  his work is among the most stylistic in Hollywood.  Its just beautiful to  watch (not to mention hear! Buy the soundtrack, too!).  The centerpiece of  Heat is, of course, the bank robbery scene.  Take a close look at the  credits:  all the weapons training was done by Andy McNab (Bravo Two-Zero,  Immediate Action). Val Kilmer can change mags in a CAR-15 with the best of  'em.  I was a little disappointed that the finale, though intense, is  basically just a copy of Bullitt.
0440224764|3.0|FINISHED READING THE BOOK AND I MUST SAY IT IS NOT HIS BEST WORK.  I WAS HOOKED AT FIRST BUT AS I CONTINUED IT BECAME PREDICTABLE AND BORING.  GREAT BEGINNING BUT AS I WENT ON I LOST INTEREST.
B000005H4F|5.0|As a huge Miles Davis fan, I knew that Miles had recorded this album as a &quot;sideman&quot; with Cannonball Adderley.  I had heard bits and pieces of this album, but had never really taken it seriously.  I recently checked  this out from our local library, and discovered that I had been missing an  amazing album!  This has much of the quality that made Kind of Blue so  memorable.  Miles is in great form.  The sidemen include Hank Jones, Art  Blakey, and Sam Jones.  The tunes are memorable.  The arrangements are  fresh and distinctive.  And Cannonball plays great as well.  Truly a great  recording worthy of classic status.
0316286869|5.0|Kevin Acoin's book Making Faces is exquisite! As a makeup artist familiar with Kevin's work, I thought this book was going to be just a book filled with trade secrets and inside tips.Once I opened to the 3rd or 4th page, I  realised how wrong I was.Not only did I find information that was useful  beyond anything I learned in Beauty school, it was full of probably the  most beautiful collection of photographs I have ever seen.It really takes a  true genious to transform so many gorgeous women into other gorgeous women  who look nothing like them.I really liked how he chose to use traditional  movie roles as inspiration for some of the pictures.I think this allows the  reader to recreate the role of the inginue or heroine!! There is also a  really wonderful lesson on facial bone structure that really helps to  understand how contouring and highlighting certain areas is really  important to bring out a womans (or in a few cases..a mans)features.I  photocopied it and stuck it to my bathroom mirror as a guide for applying  eyeshadow.   The only thing that I didnt like about the book is that he  didn't mention the products used.Some women will find it a little difficult  to find liquid eyeshadow and gold fleck dust!! I think had he given the  brand names it would be a lot easier to find the products.   This book is  definitely a must for any makeup artist, cosmetic consumer, and any woman  who wants to feel beautiful!
B00000ILE7|5.0|While this film is certainly not the best of the Alien series - the benefit of several years since it's release shows that while it is an emotional letdown from the non-stop action of &quot;Aliens&quot;, it is  actually a much finer film.  The sense of isolation, madness and decay  captured by director David Fincher (Seven, The Game) is now the most copied  look and feel in cinema today.  Watching Aliens and Alien 3 back to back is  like watching the feel good 80's give way to the more cerebral 90's.
B00000J8EK|5.0|Oh quit whining, big-beat heads.  I love the Chemicals' big beat Dig Your Own Hole too, as well as the trippier exploration that was Exit Planet Dust.  But Surrender is anything but a failure.  It takes more than one  listen to surrender to these grooves, and that's why a lot of you impatient  fools gave it one star.  Surrender is a mature, more subtle record with  beats that are right on target.  If you know anything about music, you know  that Surrender kicks a$$.  Buy it and get ready for an aural trip.
B00000ILBK|5.0|Star Trek Insurection is the best ot the Next Generation movies.  If you are a Treker/Trekie, you'll love it for its core exploration of the Prime Directive.  For others, you will like it for its good plot, great  direction, and wonderful special effects.  In general, it's just a FUN  movie to watch.
B000002NAK|1.0|I borrowed a friend's copy and listened to this version. Madonna has a beautiful voice but it is too light for this role. Antonio Banderas is woefully inadequate in the singing department. Do yourself a favor and  don't buy this recording. Buy the original Broadway cast C.D. with Patti  LuPone and Mandy Patinkin. It is by far the best version.
B000002LCK|5.0|Great album has all of New Order's singles.  If you are a fan, this is a must-have.  Even if you are not a fan, take a listen.  New Order's pop songs stick in your head even if you don't always know what Bernard Sumner  is singing about.
B000001Y42|4.0|After having recently listened Limp B's new album, Significant Other, and being very disappointed...I decided to review it, AND to come back and review this album too.  Three Dollar.. goes back a few years to when Limp  was making a true metal/rap hybrid sound.  When I first heard this CD, I  thought to myself, KORN...with a little more rap.  Now I think Korn is a  great band, so as far as I'm concerned, that is a compliment to them.   I  felt that Three Dollar... is a very good album, not the greatest, but good  just the same.  I liked the hard, powerful, energetic feel this CD has to  it...the feel that Significant Other just doesn't seem to have much of.   Fred also has a distinct vocal styling of screaming/whining sound that  makes this CD much more interesting than their second.  Significant other  sounds as if Limp B is trying to become more of a rap group than the  alterno metal/rap hybrid that they used to be.  If you wanna hear a good  example of the hip hop/metal sound and a good Limp Bizkit CD, check this  one out.
B00000J8EK|5.0|Greta follow-up to Dig Your Own Hole, the Chemicals are great!  &quot;Let Forever Be&quot; is an instant classic, as is &quot;Out of Control&quot; with Bernard Sumner of New Order and Electronic.
B00000IPAX|5.0|I feel that this album is an incredible step up from Blink's previous CD, Dude Ranch.  I thought that on Dude Ranch, the melodies were dull and repetitive and the harmonies were lame, with the exception of the two songs  that MTV and the radio pounded into my head until I liked them.  Enema of  the State shows so much growth in the band and their musical abilities.   The melodies on the new CD are catchy and fun to listen to and the  harmonies are just fantastic.  They're just a few songs on this CD I'm not  really crazy about but overall I feel this album is great.  I listen to the  entire disk over and over without getting tired of it.  Granted, its not  like the old school punk that blink started out doing...but sometimes bands  need to change and I feel that Blink made a good change with this CD.
078401213X|5.0|..&quot;and there is at least the question, that the world has known and long ago abandoned both habits of education, and usages, far superior than that are currently now adhered to&quot;...   -Harry Partch- <br />I enjoyed  this movie - it veers from what I consider the &quot;lethargic  sterility&quot; in any of the  contemporary films coming out of hollywood.  It points up a probable resuscitation of something divine and ancient in  spirit (and, always seeking for release), of which I know nothing.<br />My  response to it is &quot;Hey, we still have life in this world!!&quot;, and  &quot;IT'S ONLY JUST A MOVIE!&quot;....Geordan
B00000JCB2|2.0|What did they do to their music?  Where is that raw hard edge sound that made the band popular on their first CD.  I was so disappointed when I heard this new album.  I loved their first album because of its energy,  power, and raw metal sound along with Fred's unique style of screaming and  whining.  But they lost it...they sound like they're trying to become a rap  group rather than a hip hop/metal band.  Its not a terrible CD, I've heard  much worse.  Its worth checking out to make your own opinion but I think  they're making a big mistake with this change.
B000000HTM|5.0|I checked this out of my local library back in 1976 when i was 14 because i thought the cover looked cool. i had no idea what was awaiting me inside the sleeve...
078062369X|1.0|Garbage! Pure Garbage. What was this film lacking? Oh Yea: Plot, Interesting Characters, Detail,any sense of story,and good acying. No actor in this movie is even decent. They all lack a sense of character.This Movie  Just Sucks!
0374115370|5.0|A refreshing change from perfect &quot;Grisham-esque&quot; heroes and endings.  If you are interested in reading a novel about the true (albeit somewhat exaggerated) nature of the human condition in the 80s, read this  book!  Excellent!
0783226128|5.0|Arguably Pacino's single finest piece of acting ever. He does a stunning job of playing the quick-witted Cuban, TONY MONTANA, el hombre, including the Cuban accent. The movie is a character study, really, and at that it  succeeds marvelously. The soundtrack is slow and sultry synthesizers sans  drums, classic '83 stuff; the music adds much to the atmosphere. Five  stars.
B000009ED0|4.0|I love Kid Rock's raps. But behind some metal gutiars it's okay. In most songs he doesn't rap with the the metal gutiars, and he just songs about mostly the same things. Buy it, it's good. But there are much better bands  that do the same thing like Rage Against The Machine, Limp bizkit, Incubus, old Sugar Ray stuff.
B000001FKY|5.0|My music preferences have no borders when it comes to rock, country, r&amp;b, etc and I have no problem in saying that Hysteria is by far the most incredible album in my collection.  Def Leppard was the band of the  '80's. Bon Jovi, Aerosmith, Poison, none of them could touch what Def  Leppard did to define the music of that decade. Even the ballads on this  album will get you pumped up and yelling out the vocals with Joe and the  gang.  Simply the best album of the decade.
B000001FTH|3.0|Jones can't really sing, but her music is in part about attitude, and she had plenty of that.  She also had sly dunbar and robbie shakespeare as her rhythm section, and it's hard to beat that for this type of music (which  wasn't really disco, and wasn't quite funk). Pull up to the Bumper is a  dance song par excellence.
B0000029D1|5.0|when i bought this album, i had no idea who they were.until now, i have no regrets of buying it.it's absolutely superb....both for jazz fans and non-jazz fans.simply wonderful listening.this was actually the album that  got me deeper into jazz.most recomended!!
B000003S0I|3.0|This KC album has it's good and bad stuff. The title cut parts I+II have flashes of brilliance but gets drowned out by a lot of noise (as with Yes 'Tales From Topographic Oceans').    'Easy Money', 'Book Of Saturday' and  'Talking Drum' are good songs but the best by far is 'Exiles' in which we  have a wierd beginning and then a nice segue into the rest of the song with  Fripp's acoustic guitar, Cross' soothing violin, Bruford's soft &amp; jazzy  drumming and Wetton's true talent coming out of his relaxing vocals and  bass riffs.    Buy this album to get a feel of KC from this period and if  you like it then go for the other stuff and enjoy. If not then your loss is  limited to afew good songs that you can enjoy and ignore the rest.
B000002UJQ|5.0|As an avid, and almost verging on the obsessed, Smashing Pumpkins fan, I find that my opinions of other groups works can be biased when comparing them to the Pumpkins. However, after listening to Radioheads OK Computer  for a few months (and it took that long for me to like it), I must say that  it surpasses anyhting my before-mentioned favorite group has ever produced  by quite a margin. Heck, even my father, who has an aversion to any music  put out by a band not from the 1970s, loves this album. The mood of the  album is quite downcast, so it's not a great album to listen to if you need  to be cheered up, and Thom Yorke's lyrics can be muffled by all of the  distortion in some of the songs (which can be rectified by reading them in  the booklet as you go along once or twice), but the flow from piece to  piece is smooth, and there isn't a letdown throughout the entire album.  Paranoid Android, which is the reason I bought the album in the first place  (I'd heard great things about it, but had never listened to it), remains in  my opinion an epic of a song, much like Bohemian Rhapsody. Let Down is  quite the opposite, with the guitar looping in and out of Mr. Yorke's  befuddling and alien-obsessed lyrics. The best song on this album, in my  humble view, is Lucky, the second to last one. In conclusion, if you're a  curious music lover who ahs heard great things about this album, don't buy  it unless you are willing to listent o it for a month or so to get used to  it. Otherwise, skip it and listen to The Bends. Those who choose to buy it,  though, will surely cherish it.
B0000062FL|4.0|Wonderful album, worth its price just for its digital remastering of Albraxas. This 30th anniversary albumn also comes with liner notes by original Rolling Stone Magazine reporter Ben Fong-Torres in which Greg  Rollie reminisces about the Albraxas recording sessions in 1970 and origins  of the songs. Only flaw in this new CD is the rather gratuitous inclusion  of several cuts from a live concert at the Albert Hall in London, which  featured early versions of Se A Cabo, Toussaint L'Overture, and Black Magic  Woman/Gypsy Queen two months before these tunes were definitively recorded  on Albraxas. This live performance was horribly engineered (wouldn't you  think they'd at least have recorded Greg Rollie's microphone when he sang  Black Magic Woman?) However, all in all, this CD is a great buy.
6303985467|5.0|Carnival of Souls has haunted since the first time I saw it at 2 a.m. on TV.  This is one of the rare movies that some how creates a world of its own.  You are brought into a paranoid world, where death stalks you.  You  are always waiting for another ghoul to show up.  The most brillant parts  of this movie completely suspend you from all reality.  You have the  feeling that you have been completely shut off from the world.  The horror  of it comes from that lack of reality. The first time I saw this movie, I  had nightmares that I was lost in the same way Mary was.  No one could hear  or see me.  I have seen this movie many times, and it's power hasn't  diminished.  Next to Hitchcock's &quot;Physco,&quot; this is my favorite  horror film.
B000009DUY|5.0|I have never heard a score from John Williams that was bad.  Who can forget the original Star Wars music, or the spooky Jaws score?  Only the music played for &quot;Saving Private Ryan&quot; is completely different.   It is very powerful and really takes you back to the film as if you were in  it.  John Williams is the master of classical and he shows it again here.   I felt myself longing for this former Boston Pops conductor when I watched  Pops Goes The Fourth! on the 4th of July.
B000000OAN|5.0|Listened to loud enough, A Night at the Opera may cause hearing loss.  Why would you want to do that?!  Believe me, this album is great, but I prefer The Miracle and Innuendo because when they are played loud enough - and I  mean as loud as you were playing A Night at the Opera - you may go deaf!   Again, it boils down to how you harness the stereo and take in the metal.
B000006045|5.0|MASSIVE ATTACK'S 3RD ALBUM IS A LOT DIFFERENT FROM THIER PREVIOUS WORK.  IT IS KIND OF DARK AND EDGY.  BUT THATS WHAT MAKES IT SO COOL, YOURE NOT GETTING THE SAME SOUND EVERYTIME FROM MASSIVE.  I HAD MEZZANINE FOR OVER A  YEAR AND I STILL LISTEN TO IT ALL THE TIME. MY FAVORITE TRACKS ARE  RISINGSON AND DISSOLVED GIRL.  THIS IS A GREAT ALBUM!!!!
B000002KL3|5.0|In simple terms, this is the best Van Halen album.  (I know, &quot;What about 'Van Halen?'&quot;  I've heard it _too often_!)  &quot;Fools,&quot; &quot;Everybody Wants Some,&quot; &quot;Could This Be Love?&quot; and  &quot;Romeo Delight&quot; make my list of Van Halen's seven best songs, and  both DLR and EVH are in peak form here.  Although I never loved &quot;And  the Cradle Will Rock,&quot; I think this is the single record every  19-year-old male (not to mention us twice-that-age males) should own; in my  experience, the girls like this one, too.
B00000J2KX|1.0|Kubrick can be wrong, you know (just *try* to get through Barry Lyndon). But mono and pan-and-scan for The Shining and Full Metal Jacket?! Puh-leeze! Is this what he wanted for Dr. Strangelove, too? What was he  thinking, indeed. I spent my money on the whole shebang and got the  collection. I'll keep it because it's Kubrick, but I'll wait for the day  when a definitive edition comes out. Hopefully.
B000001AJG|5.0|While &quot;Songs in the Key of Life&quot; may be the better known masterpiece, this album is a musical treasure. No matter how often you listen to it, each time a new secret is revealed. Absolutely beautiful !
0684867184|1.0|Agreed with the previous writer.  Ambrose, one of my favorite historians, has merely assembled some passages from his past novels.  Even if you had not read the full texts from which these anecdotes were taken, you'll be  left empty as each section ends.  Its just not compelling.  JH
0783226160|4.0|The scene where they watched the slides of the rushees really happens in frathouses across America!  &quot;We need the dues!&quot;  A classic!
B00000634L|5.0|BV3 has a fresh take on the hip-hop genre.  Unlike lesser bands, they don't take themselves too seriously, which allows the music to gain a freedom not seen in other acts.  Their album, like their live show,  reflects a party atmosphere.  Why &quot;hippie-hop?&quot;  Because they  seem to have elements of the Beastie Boys, Fishbone, and Phish.  It's a big  party.
0446310786|5.0|Like the child in &quot;The Emperor's New Clothes&quot;, nine year old Scout Finch, together with her four years older brother Jem, point out the emptiness of pretentious upper class white folks.  The southern setting in  Alabama in the 1930s takes nothing away from its current applicability.   Race and class consciousness, narrated through the eyes of a young girl  growing up, shows the depth of the cultural conflict as it persists today.   The adult world surrounding Scout and Jem Finch in their little town  presents race and class conflicts of contemporary American society in a  nutshell.  Narration, setting, character casting, and plot work very well  together, blending into an excellently written novel by a charismatic  female writer.
0792837541|4.0|The musical's songs cannot really compare to the songs in some other musicals (especially by Lerner &amp; Loewe like Camelot or My Fair Lady), the story is quite naive and not that well-developed, the characters not  that well-conceived (can anyone say they have a sense of what any of these  people from the village are like -including Cyd Charisse's character)?   <br />Yet, having said all this, I am in thrall to the romance of this movie.  I utterly agree with one reviewer who wrote about how completely one's  heart is moved when Gene Kelly must make a decision. I was swept away,  wanted to see it again and again, wanted to see 10 sequels. It is deeply  moving about two people have fallen in love and face a wrenching problem.  Cyd Charisse is fabulous looking and dancing, Van Johnson sings and dances  better than I ever knew, and Gene Kelly is his usual excellent self. It is  completely lovely and beautiful to watch. You may end up in tears.
B00000IO4I|5.0|This movie is not a classic and it certainly will not become a cinematic legend but it IS a great movie that will leave you feeling good.  Jane Horrocks' performance impressed me and kind of took me by surprise.  I had  seen her before on several episodes on the British comedy show  &quot;Absolutely Fabulous&quot; as the weird and often flighty assistant to  Eddie (the brunette woman who co-stars).  Even on that show, Horrocks  intrigued me.  Brenda Blethyn is excellent as the dysfunctional mother of  Little Voice.  Michael Caine, in my opinion, was sort of hedging; at times,  he seemed sweet and kind, but at others, he was cunning and manipulative.   I guess he did a good performance as a sleazy entertainment promoter  because he sure fooled me.  Ewan McGregor, by far my favorite actor, is so  sweet in his role as the innocent, bird-loving telephone man.  I just wish  McGregor's and Horracks' characters became more romantically involved.  A  little kiss wouldn't have hurt.  All in all, &quot;Little Voice&quot; is an  excellent movie worth watching and buying.
B000002VCZ|5.0|The Vulture Culture project, though lacking an obvious theme like the first 4 or 5 APP albums, does have a focus.  It's all about getting ahead and getting along in the crazy get-ahead world.  If you listen to the  tracks and what they say, you'll find that it goes from &quot;me  first&quot; to living, to the search people go on to find who and what they  are (in &quot;Days are Numbers&quot; one of the all time best APP songs) to  what we do to get ahead in &quot;Vulture Culture&quot; to the realization  that we are all in this together in &quot;Sombody Out There&quot; and  &quot;The Same Old Sun&quot; (another of my favorites on this album).<br />The  songs are great, this is a return to the kinds of sounds you can hear in  &quot;Turn of a Friendly Card.&quot;<br />The song &quot;The Traveller&quot;  is also a great song to use when you are shopping for a new car or home  stereo to see what kind of response and range you can get from a music  system.<br />I highly recommend this album to anyone interested in insightful  and thoughtful music in the style of APP.
B000003TBP|5.0|This cd is definitely worth all of its praise and awards.  From beginning to end, you are astounded by the scope of the album's vision.  All the songs are Great!  Beck is one of the most talented musicians I've ever  heard, as he plays 90% of the instruments on Odelay.  This is just a great  album.  But don't take my advice, get for yourself.  You'll be happy you  did.
B000002VCU|5.0|&quot;Turn of a Friendly Card&quot; and &quot;Eye in the Sky&quot; are definitive APP.  By the time this album came out APP had experienced success with three other albums -- all of them wonderful.  In  &quot;Turn...&quot; APP seemed to put together all the good lessons they  had learned about producing concept albums and developed this excellent,  enchanting piece of work.  Maybe I enjoy it so much because I had this  album playing in the background during a summer I re-read Tolkien's Lord of  the Rings trilogy.  This CD and Tolkien is a great combination.   &quot;Time,&quot; &quot;The Gold Bug,&quot; and all of track 6 are  absolutely tops in my book.<br />If I could have only one APP album, this  would definitely be it!
6304509170|5.0|This was really the 1st commercially acceptable Cronenberg film to come along at the time.  'Rabid' and 'The Brood' were both dismissed as being a little too 'out there,' while 'Shivers' was filed under camp classic.  All  three of these films do warrant viewing, but I would start with this film.   I have been a fan of this film since it was in first-run at theaters in  1981 &amp; today, it still delivers the goods at all levels.  For  gorehounds, Dick Smith's makeup work may seem a little dated (especially in  today's world of digital FX), but it was considered revolutionary in its  time.  This is one of the films that helped usher in the lame attempts at  splatter/shock/teen hack-n-slash during the early '80s.  Mr. Valenti (head  of MPAA) would probably brand it with an 'X' today.  Aside from FX, the  plot is very interesting and believable.  It deals with the side effect of  a drug initially prescribed several years ago (to say more ruins the movie,  unless you've already read the other 'reviews').  This side effect is a  form of mind control &amp; it is the focus of the movie.  All the leads do  a great job &amp; the music (by Cronenberg and Jonathan Demme fave Howard  Shore) is quite effective, keeping in mind that it IS a sci-fi film and it  WAS 1981.  The slightly ambiguous ending (which follows one of the most  viceral &quot;final battles&quot; ever filmed) will leave you thinking if  your mind is open.  Love it or hate it, this film is classic Cronenberg.   If it grosses you out or your mind is closed down to only allow safe, thin,  hollywood plots and stories through, then please, don't bother with this  film.  If you love it, then open your mind even further &amp; go rent  Videodrome, followed by The Naked Lunch.
B000002VE7|3.0|&quot;Limelight&quot; and the instrumental &quot;Urbania&quot; are the two tracks that carry this album for those who listen to APP for the same kind of sounds in &quot;Tales and Mystery...&quot; and &quot;Turn of a Friendly  Card.&quot;  For those who were introduced to APP by &quot;I Robot&quot;  this will probably be one of their favorites, a more rock driven album.<br />I  must admit that I've never really been able to figure out the central theme  of this album, but there are some very interesting sounds on it.  Still  this isn't what I would refer a friend to if I were to introduce them to  what I enjoy about APP.
B00000ADG2|5.0|The songs are great I love them all. My favorite is the song The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill. It is great. The whole CD is great.
B000002VCT|5.0|This is the third album by APP.  The theme seems to be derived from the new age popularization of pyramids and their possible connections to the unusual and unexplained visions and works of the ancients.  Following on  the heels of &quot;Tales of Mystery and Imagination&quot; and &quot;I  Robot&quot; this album turns to a more steady use of electronics woven  throughout the album.  There are upbeat and smooth tones.  My favorite  track is probably &quot;Shadow of a Lonely Man&quot; though the  instrumentals are also quite good. This CD is well worth a listen.
B000002U9E|2.0|This album always leaves me with mixed feelings. \\"Running Up That Hill\\" I find tedious and repetitive (though it's the best song here). The entire first side sounds like an introduction to drum machine programming.  To my ears, it gets monotonous.  The Big Sky, and to a lesser extent, Cloudbursting suffer from the same drum machine problem.  When Kate sings \\"Ooh, I just know that something good is going to happen\\" I don't believe her, and the delivery isn't ironic either.  And what else is there? The second side (The Ninth Wave) is one disaster after another.  Waking the Witch has laughable theatrics; the dirges on Hello Earth reek of bored composition from a bad Chant album.  The deliberate Irish music injections feel out of place.  Kate simply sounds out of energy, out of emotive powers.  Her delivery in The Morning Fog is flat as the flat [Hello] Earth.  Compared to The Dreaming or Lionheart or The Kick Inside, this album sounds bored, whiny...and not fun...and not interesting.
068484267X|5.0|Frank McCort's vivid description of the horrible poverty that he grew up with was both depressing and inspiring.  Depressing that the rich and religous could treat them so badly, as if it were their fault to live that  way. Inspiring that there was still some happiness, joy and motivation in  spite of it all.  That the children chose to live in horrid poverty rather  than with the mean and abusive relatives says something about the human  spirit.  We are all naturally drawn towards kindness and love above all  else. I congratulate Frank McCort for having been motivated to escape his  poverty and for the courage to write what must have been a very painful  reliving of his past.  I look forward to reading his next book.
0684833395|5.0|1) the military is evil, (2) any person in the military is an idiot, and (3) any person who mocks the military is heroic<br />No, the book doesn;t say this at all.  what it does talk about is, amoung others, the stupidity of  war and the ballance between indeviduality and duty.<br />Don't foget, the  heor of the novel is a Captain in the AF.  He flys 70 fight missions.  It's  not a book against the military, it's a book against power freaks.
6304675348|2.0|Scream was a great movie, probably the best documentary on other horror movies ever made...what's that you say?  It's not a ducumentary about other (better) horror movies?  Oh.  Well then it was pretty lame.  When a movie  spends more time quoting other (better) horror movies than making its own  lines, you know something is wrong.  Aside from all the referenced copies  of other movies (the Halloween music plays during the end in the house, for  example) this one also copies about every horror movie ever made without  saying so.  The beginning is a huge rip-off of &quot;When A Stranger  Calls&quot;, which was in part of a rip-off of &quot;Black Christmas&quot;.   The characters are card-board cut-outs of every kind of clique imaginable  and have no real qualities.  Yes, the cast was very good, and there are a  couple suspenseful moments, I just with those moments were the movies own,  and not taken from others.
6304813759|5.0|This movie makes me feel so good.  I watch it often.  I have favorite parts in it that I love to watch over and over.  The characters are wonderful and perfectly casted.  I watch it so much, I feel like I know  them personally.  It is a warm, delightful, funny, honest movie.  Thank  you.
B0000028M7|3.0|As far as metal / grunge goes, this is about as good as it gets though it's not the most progressive kind of music. All you people still obessing over this album, go listen to some rap. I would recommend Raekwon. Now  that's music.
6304994540|5.0|This is one of the funniest movies I've seen in a long time.  If you liked Raising Arizona and Fargo you will love this movie.  Sit back, have yourself a White Russian, and enjoy.
6302897270|1.0|I should have listened to the people who watched this video and didn't like it.  It was poorly done with a dry, almost non-existent plot.  Watched it once and it went to the dumpster!
0671027344|4.0|I never wanted this story to end. I instantly fell in love with the characters and felt as if i had been pulled in somehow.  This novel shows that there is a little of Charlie in all of us.  He is inquizitive,  emotional, and at a level most of us aren't.  Through the love he recieved,  he set free one of his secrets, letting him evolve. I believe it is must  read for those whom are growing up lonely, or so they think...believe  me...for some reason Charlie just stuck with me.
0790739909|5.0|I kept reading and hearing about Wim Wender's epic German film Wings of Desire on which City of Angels is supposedly based.  So I hunted for Wings of Desire, and after months of searching found an old VHS video with  English subtitles.  Something troubled me after I viewed it(besides the  fact of the English subtitles and that the majority of the time the  &quot;star&quot; angel does most of his monologue as a soliloquy).  And  then it struck me! It was a German movie based, I believe, on a German  book. Having studied German for 4 years and being a Dutchman since birth(52  now, thank you), much of that culture's literature and art work (including  films) are very philosophical and erudite.  Watching Wings of Desire gave  me a nasty headache,  because it was hard to keep up with the depth of the  plot(which was mainly thinking), especially with the English subtitles.  City of Angels, on the other hand, was more understandable because Seth  spoke frequently to his buddy angel, so the soliloquy became a true  dialogue.  Also, the cause for Seth's unrest was introduced close to the  beginning of the movie: Meg Ryan as a very frustrated, agnostic  cardiologist.  The rest of the movie, including Seth's questions about  humanity and immortality, move along at an acceptable pace.  For depth of  plot I suggest you look at Seth when he looks at children, the dying, the  living, at Dennis Franz, who is great by the way.  You (at least I) see the  depth of plot in Seth's eyes and his attempt to touch as mortals touch.   This is not a journey into the deeply intellectual, philosophical,  &quot;heady&quot; part of us, as is Wings of Desire.  City of Angels has a  better tempo, an understandable plot, and, if you think deeply enough about  it, it leaves you with questions that only you can answer.
B000000OQF|5.0|This album blew me away. It's hard, raw, exciting and shows thetrue talents of Slash, Duff and Axl. It's sad though Amazon only giveyou I choice of 5 stars were as I would give it a 999999999999999+. It rocks , it's the greatest album ever with the in your face Welcome to the Jungle, So easy and Outta get me to the sensitive lyrics of sweet child o mine. I play this album at least twice a day and I still haven't got sick of it. The other albums are good but nothing can compare to it. I brought it for the 1 track Paradice city and found all the others were just as good. So go buy it you won't regret it.
078322706X|5.0|This was an exceptional movie. If the movie would have been four hours long it would have just been a better movie. Brad Pitt and Anthony Hopkins are both superb. This was a great, great movie.
B00000IRED|5.0|I enjoyed this movie more than any other last year.  It doesn't have the glaring plot holes of &quot;Saving Private Ryan&quot; and it stands up very well to repeat viewings.  I also loved the unrequited love story.  It was  also vastly more original than anything else released last year.
0451169514|5.0|IT  is not only my favorite Stephen King book of the fifteen or so I have read, it is my favorite novel, period, of hundreds I have read.  This book has a lot of suspense, a great gooey mess of horror, much violence, some  humor, speech therapy, a teenage werewolf, Good vs. Evil, some supernatural  stuff, heroism, time warp, cosmology, and even a little shot of intense  sex.  It also helped that the six heroes of the story are thouroughly  fleshed out and made believable.  In short, the investment of time needed  to plow through almost 1100 tightly-packed pages is well worth it, or  &quot; IT&quot;.
0800193334|4.0|I have not read Matilda however I am a big fan of Dahl's books. This movie had my 4-year-old, my Mother, and myself in stitches. The story is a bit dark though and the villains in the movie are very mean! They are truly  hilarious however.
0790736233|5.0|Contact is not only a movie, it's a masterpiece! It's a movie that really shows how people on Earth would behave if a message from other planet arrived to us. Finally a movie that takes this great human question:  &quot;Is there life outside Earth?&quot; seriously!
B000002HPV|5.0|This is an amazing album. Bjork proves she is on the leading edge of music, combining electronica and classical strings. She is a musical pioneer, never afraid to experiment with the impossible.
0553573403|5.0|Once I read this novel all I could think about was when book #2 would come out!The characters were vivid and even though it was a &quot;cast of thousands&quot; it was easy to keep track of all the goings on. In my  opinion this should sit on the shelf next to the Lord of the Rings. It had  everything you could ask for;action,intrigue,wit. It is also a large  novel(which I love) so it gives you a chance to cover all the bases and to  get the scope of this wide ranging saga.
0790735954|1.0|Keep your tapes...at least the VHS is Hi-Fi.  Dont' waste your money on the DVD.  Serious viewers will be highly disapointed with this poor release of a great movie.
0679777547|5.0|&quot;The Club Dumas&quot; kept me at home, curled up in bed the whole weekend despite a long-awaited Saturday rave.  It was THAT good.<br />The plot is enough to keep you on edge until the last line.  It starts of with an  investigation on the suicide of a well-known bookseller, who had left a  manuscript of &quot;The Anjou Wine&quot;, a chapter of Alexander Dumas'  &quot;The Three Musketeers&quot;.  Lucas Corso, the central character of  the novel, is a book detective hired to authenticate the manuscript.  His  investigation leads him to a vortex of mysterious events, and he becomes  involved in puzzling murder scenes and even demonology. To add to his  stange experiences are the people he meets, who bear a puzzling resemblance  to characters in the Dumas masterpiece.  <br />This book was so interesting.   It had twists and surprises that didn't use tired formulas of old mystery  novels.  I must add, though, that this book may not be enjoyed by everyone.   If you're looking for an easy, fast read, well, you might have to think  twice before reading this.  There are various allusions to classic  literature (particularly 19th century French literature), medieval history,  religion and demonology.  A reader not versed in Dumas' works may get  confused.  (And I haven't even mentioned all the Latin phrases yet).  I DO  recommend this book, however, to all bibliophiles, fans of classic  literature and murder mystery genres. All the little literary tidbits,  particularly on Alexander Dumas, will be mind candy, indeed.        The  author, Perez-Reverte, was compared by some critics to Umberto Eco in this  novel.  I have to disagree a bit, though...for although &quot;The Club  Dumas&quot; resembles &quot;Foucault's Pendulum&quot; in that it freely  alludes to history, ancient texts and esoteria, finding connections to  otherwise unrelated events, I think that Perez-Reverte's writing is easier  to take in. ( I didn't need a dictionary for the first sentence).  The plot  of&quot;Club Dumas&quot; also reminds me of another, not-very-known book,  &quot;The Eight&quot; by Catherine Neville, because of the protagonist's  entanglement with juicy puzzles and references to historical figures.          I was also particularly impressed by the ending of the novel, which I  thought was clever. Not a lot of books I've read these days have endings  that satisfy me.  (Hell, not a lot of books can keep me antisocial for the  weekend!)
B000005J56|5.0|The elegance, refined passion and joy that these old gents pour out in their music is a revelation and affirmation of life. It's obvious that, even in spartan socialist poverty, these guys know how to live with a  spiritual shine that puts most of us to shame. Pure magic. Wonderful music.  Even Ry Cooder's slide guitar struck me as a nice addition.
B000002G87|5.0|This is music of almost violent intensity.  Clapton sings as though his soul were being dragged across rain-soaked pavement.  And his band-mates are right there with him.  An all-time classic of gut-shot, unrequited  love.
1573226521|4.0|Read any good books lately?  If you'd rather be shot dead than read another Toni Morrison novel from Ophra's book of the month club then Garland's &quot;The Beach&quot; is for you.  Here, we are once again  viewing that age old concept of the human position in isolation.  Garland  is definately a student of Conrad, Golding, and many other such authors who  have dared take that journey into the heart of darkness.  In some respects,  this is not only an initiation story, but a horror novel as well.  It  examines who we are in our most primal form and propses the insanity of a  world without rules.  Many will say this is an adult &quot;Lord of the  Flies&quot; or a work that may be appealing to the Gen X audience, but more  simply it's a well structured page turning book written by a fresh, young  author.  Yes, Garland's is not a completely original concept which is why  it falls short of excellent, but in a world full of bad books this will be  one you were glad you read.
0767817478|1.0|Let's see, now.  A giantic dinosaur travels from the Pacific to the Atlantic (via walking through Panama with no one noticing it) and goes to New York city for a secluded place to lay its eggs.  It hides in Madison  Square Garden and no one can find it. Yes, the movie makes that much sense  throughout. I feel that I've been personally slapped in the face by the  movie's makers. I hope Toho studios made a ton of money by selling the  rights to Godzilla. Their creation has been shamed. Now send him back to  Japan and Toho where he belongs! That's where we love him!
0812550706|5.0|I don't want to say Ender's Game is the best book I've ever read cause I just read it two days ago, but it looks like it just might be. Like most people I totally identified with Ender; Card makes _you_ the character.  Can't wait until Ender's Shadow comes out in August! Would recommed this to  anyone, even if you don't like science fiction.
0671027344|5.0|I could not put this incredible book down! It was so good! The emotional distress of Charlie, his friends, his family, his life, the experimentation, everything. He is an incredible character, and this is a  truly moving book. It shows that teens DO have a mind, they DO know how to  think and that life has its ups and downs. I recommend this book to anyone,  especially teens.
B000003TSP|5.0|This was the best British CD of 1997 but I seriously want to slip Prozac into Beth Gibbons's drinking water , what is keeping this chick from offing herself.
B000002C1X|5.0|I mean, come on, other than &quot;the final cut&quot; nothing has even come close to matching the passion and complexity of this album. This piece takes you on ride through Pink's life, the up's and down's, the sanity and  insanity, you can't beat it. The fact that some say &quot;the plot lacks  enough coherence&quot; is absolutly appalling. Roger Waters should be  commended for what he has done here, every Floyd fan should stand up and  cheer. If you want to make your music collection complete, then you need  this album. If you want to make your Floyd experiance complete, buy this  CD, listen to it, watch the movie, then listen to the album a thousand more  times. Then do it again! Heres to you Roger, the guitars, the dirty women,  and the people outside the wall!
B000005HBI|5.0|I bought this CD in 1993, shortly after its release and I have been a huge Cassandra Wilson fan ever since.  You wouldn't guess this was a jazz CD if it wasnt labeled as such,  as there is such an incredible variety of  genres,  including blues, pop, and African rhythms (contributed by Cyro  Baptista's wonderful percussion).  This album is easily one of my all-time  favorites,  and I never tire of hearing Wilson's beautiful, deep, sensuous  voice.
B0000025SB|4.0|On almost every Pink FLoyd poll I have seen, this album takes in the most votes for being the worst album Pink Floyd ever produced.  Don't believe them!  This album packs a powerful punch, displaying Rogers' clear  antipathy towards war, probably stemming from the his father's death due to  war.  The music on the album ranges from the slow, teary eyed &quot;The  Gunner's Dream&quot; to fast the fast paced &quot;Not Now John&quot;.  It  takes a serious subject and turns it into something you can put in your  stereo and jam out to.
B000002HH2|5.0|Bjork is a wonder and the best woman performer and a true diva.  She outshines Madonna, Cher etc. with her originality.  Buy this album 50,000,000 times to make her the most popular artist ever.
B00000ILE7|1.0|If this were a movie on its own, not meant to be a sequel, it might be ok.  It had a very frightening atmosphere.  I think I was expecting more when I watched this movie recently, but it left me feeling horribly depressed.  I  suppose the storyline couldn't allow Hicks and Newt to survive but I think  it was unnecessary to show the bodies of the characters I grew attached to  in the last film.  <br />Ok, besides my own unhappy feelings towards the  movie, it was quite unrealistic.  If you follow the story of the first two  Alien movies in the series, there's no way there could have been an alien  on their ship.  I completely disregard this movie and I don't think I  should have wasted my time watching it.
0679729895|5.0|This was a wonderful book (as all of his books are) and I think you should read it before it goes out of print. I reccomend all of his books to you! (I've read almost all of them!)
0670451495|5.0|When I was very young, I recall my teacher's reading this book to me in school.  Years later I surprised my husband with it when he was accepted to Harvard Business School in Boston, Mass.  <br />If you are ever in Boston,  stop by &quot;the Mallard's&quot; Public Garden to ride the swan boats and  to see the beautiful copper statues of the Mallard family. Each Mother's  Day, Boston has a Duck Parade where children and parents dress up like  ducks and walk the route Mrs. Mallard walked.  It is an enchanting event  for a young reader! <br />This is a wonderful book which takes place in a  fabulous city!
0380973464|4.0|not great literature, but who cares? A good yarn but could be a bit pacier at 100 pages less. The  humor rather sophomoric. I was very impressed by the quality of the book production. The only annoying thing is the large  number of typos. Looks as if the proof reader got too engrossed in the  story to do his job properly.
B000002U8G|4.0|I think this album is vastly underrated. Witness please the technical mastery and musical virtuosity of Dave Gilmour's soaring, multi-tracked guitar solo's on Echoes. Rock guitar at it's best. All this underpinned by  Water's typical hypnotic bass lines and garnished with some inspired but  essentially simple keyboard swirlings from Mr. Wright. Mason is unusually  creative on the old batterie. Listen to echoes on headphones and forget all  of side one except 'One of these Days' (What a bass intro). If you 'aint  got it - GET IT.
B000002UVX|5.0|GOOD MUSIC FOR THE SOUL
B00000J7S8|5.0|Have all of Diana's cd's and they are all great but this one is exceptional.  Maybe it is because the songs come from an era I grew up in, maybe it is the very fine arrangements, maybe it is because Diana's voice  is the best yet, maybe it is because it is easy to listen to and never get  tired of hearing to it repeat over and over?<br />You can tell, I am  impressed.
B000002OPP|5.0|JIMI HENDRIX IS AT HIS CREATIVE PEAK. ALL ALONG THE WATCHTOWER AND VOODOO CHILE SLIGHT RETURN IS AMONG MY FAVORITES ON THIS ALBUM. TO BE INCLUDED ON ANY JIMI HENDRIX COLLECTION.
6305177473|1.0|I will admit I am partial to the original Parent Trap. I did agree to watch the re-make with my granddaughter. I was very disappointed.  The characters are forced and silly. Everyone in the movie seems to be  &quot;acting&quot; with a great deal of strain.  Dennis Quaid can't seem to  get the vacant look off of his face. Everyone is just so perfect--forced  perfection. If you want to really appreciate the Parent Trap, go for the  original.
B00000JCOV|5.0|I can see that everyone else has already said it, but this CD does kick ass. With seven members in the band, I think there are seven, they can produce some of the fastest and hardest music I've ever heard. But it's not  your usual early-Metallica-wannabe-speed metal, it's actually different.  They have two synthesizers, which enable them to use some of the kewlest  sound effects I've heard without having to reach for the techno. Don't get  me wrong, thought, this is not soft and you don't need to be drug induced  to enjoy it. This CD kicks you in the teeth with steel-toed boots, and  makes you keep it in you CD player whether you like it or not. I,  personally, haven't complained.
B00000J7RZ|2.0|This debut album by Jennifer Lopez works only  because of her undeniable star power. Most of the songs on the album are very average and similar sounding ballads. Only 3 songs stand out. &quot;If You had my love&quot;,  the first single, produced by Rodney Jerkins, is a sexy dance number which  reminds one of Toni Braxton's booty call classic &quot;You're makin' me  high&quot;. &quot;Waiting for Tonight&quot; is a very Mariah-esque house  number, not unlike Ms Carey's own &quot;Someday&quot; or  &quot;Prisoner&quot;. Perhaps the best song on the whole album is &quot;No  Me Ames&quot;, her duet with Marc Anthony, which is a breezy latin ballad  which evokes summer, palm trees and lazing on the beach with a cocktail in  your hand. The Puff Daddy-produced &quot;Feelin' so good&quot; is the worst  song on the album. It ranks as Puffy's worst production effort yet, even  though it features a rap by  Latino MC, Big Punisher. Jennifer Lopez will  probably evolve with her subsequent albums, but for now, she is stuck with  a very average and uninspiring debut album.
1573226521|5.0|Not too artistically inclined with allusions towards things all to familiar to my age group (traveling, nintendo, peace in ones inner sanctum) well maybe not quite so age restriced.  Its a good read to let your mind  wander in.
0887306128|5.0|As previous reviewers have said, this book was written about 1965. So the examples are not the most up-to-date possible. But the content remains EXTREMELY sound, and the book is brief enough that even busy executives  should not be put off by the time investment needed to read it. I highly  recommend the book.
6304106017|5.0|OK everyone, I knew very well going into this movie that there were vampires. The beginning doesn't have them, but who cares? THe story is great and they give you enough background to show why in the hell they  ended up at the T**TY Twister. George Clooney was great as Seth  Gecko....harsh and cruel but the single most likeable character in the  film. Salma Hayek's memorable dance as the Vampire Queen is cool too.  Quentin and Rodriguez did an incredible job making possible the greatest  Vampire movie I have ever seen. Any horror/action/Quentin fan should be  more than willing to add this to his or her collection!! Have a nice day  :-)
630521610X|1.0|No big deal.  You have seen it all before.  A couple of cute slasher movie parody moments, but they don't do enough to turn this into anything other than the latest of a long string of teeny bopper chop-em-up movies.
0312117337|5.0|I have three decks but this deck is my favorite. The illustrations are absolutely goregeous and so are the summaries to the cards. I have the best readings with these cards and I have gotten some excellent feedback after  reading with them. I highly suggest this deck for anyone who is learning to  read Tarot.
068815333X|5.0|You will not want to put this book down till it is done.  It amazes me that an author (Dennis Lehane) can take characters (Patrick, Angie Bubba) and make them interesting, fresh and exciting even after five books.  You   want to continue to read about these characters book after book and I think  that is more difficult to accomplish than writing about different  characters each time.  The only problem is now having to wait a year for  the next book from Lehane.  Thank you for the great  entertainment!<BR>Ree-views
1573226521|5.0|I've just finished reading 'The Beach'. It's a very good book...hardly to put it down. Alex must spent many years in Thailand because he can describe and called many places correctly. Not sure is the movie will be good like  the book but sure the movie will show beautiful sea and beach of  Thailand!!! Thank you so much David I.L. for the book.  Don't miss it!!
B000005J56|5.0|I love this cd! I heard it playing in a cool cafe and then found it listed on a quirky &quot;cafe society&quot site called Java Blues.   You'll want to plan a trip to Cuba after this.
6305308659|4.0|As you can see by the other reviews, everyone gets something different out of this film.  For me, that's really refreshing, being able to watch a DVD several times and enjoy different aspects each viewing.  Sure there are  some scenes (Don Knotts) that take a great deal of imagination to swallow.  Overall, this is a good film, funny, inspiring and thoughtful.
B00000J7JO|4.0|The best all around album of theirs ever. They finnally perfected reaching all the audiences. This is a really awesome cd. Each song is good and no doubt I could listen to it all day.
6305313687|5.0|I knew it was violent and I paced the DVD aisle of my friendly local video rental for a good two minutes before I decided to give this movie a chance, but the fact that I did has impacted my life. I'm not over-stating emotion.  I've never said that about a movie before. <br />I'm only fifteen. I didn't  live through the Civil Rights Movement. I've only seen scratchy video clips  of the &quot;I Have a Dream&quot; speech. We've got some pretty ugly people  at the school I go to, but I've always seen racism as a dead  topic--everybody knows it's bad, the people who still think it's good are  stupid hicks who'll never get anywhere anyway, why make it an issue?  American History X was a real slap in the brain.<br />The actors, both Edward  Norton and Edward Furlong, really jump out and drag you forcefully by the  throat into this portrait of how anger and frustration can lead even the  most intelligent, most free-thinking people to hate. I think the best thing  that American History X has going for it is that it makes you care about  what happens to its characters, Neo-Nazi brothers Derek (played by Norton)  and Danny (played by Furlong). A lesser script might have automatically  painted them as the &quot;bad guys&quot; and channeled viewer hate in their  direction so that, by the end of the film, the only idea stirred up was one  most children are taught from the time they can first comprehend human  communication--racists are bad people.<br />The actors and screenwriters of  American History X let you into the minds and pasts of these two brothers.  You get to see why they do what they do. You cringe at the actions of  Derek, but (and this is a big compliment to Edward Norton) you can see the  emotions and, even if for only a moment, some threads of logical thought  and credibility behind his philosophies. You care about him as he goes  through prison (a consequence of his hate), and you root for him as he  begins to question the violent principles he's been existing on. <br />And you  feel his pain when his jail time is up and he returns to a broken  family--his little brother flirting with the same violent path that led him  to prison.<br />I can't say enough for this movie. Even the cinematography is  striking (note the panoramic view of the beach shadowed by red clouds at  the beginning, the flashbacks in black and white). The &quot;family  dinner&quot; scene is a hell of a lot scarier than anything found in Scream  2 or I Know What You Did Last Summer or any of those other wastes of time  and thought cells so agressively marketed to my generation. I saw American  History X a week ago, and there hasn't been a day since that some theme or  expression or circumstance inspired by it hasn't found its way into my  mind. It almost makes me want to be an English teacher for a while so that  I can make it required viewing for a growing class of angry, alienated  American teens. Please, I'm begging you to see it.
B00000JCB2|2.0|This cd is nothing compared to their first album. Fred Durst hit a bunt on this one yall. The only song I can give some props to is the track with Method Man. The rest of the songs are duds. No doubt this cd is for the  population not the real limp fans. I was offended to hear the soft beats  and &quot;significant&quot; decline in bass quitar. All in all, try to find  Three Dollar Bill.
B00000J8EK|5.0|Strange and different?  Nevermind.  This a rock coup.  This album has it's own rhythms and it's own space.  You can't help but dance along.  It's close-minded to say that they've abandoned &quot;big beat,&quot; they've  just moved onto different sounds.  And made a more complete album to boot.   With a healthy dose of housy-housy gay clubdom, a wollop of what Madchester  always tried to be, a smidge o' Kraftwerk, and their own original style (a  band that can fake-sample their own first two albums?) they blow it all out  on this one.  Turn it up and boogie.  This is what twentieth-century rock  music has been about, and what twenty-first music should be.
630508999X|5.0|THE BEST MOVIE EVER. IT WAS COO
0684847817|5.0|I am an artist and I love drawong faeries, knombs, elves, and many more mystical creatures. This book inspired my soul.
0684874350|5.0|Picked up the book and was hooked from page 1 -- could not put it down and finished it over the 4th of July weekend -- it was amazing how he could keep his faith despite the poverty and utter hopelessness around him - it  was also amazing to see that people actually live like that and survive! --  would love to see a continuation story from his arrival in America to the  present!
B00000J6AG|5.0|Moby is simply one of the finest, multi-talented artists of our time.  Seemingly changing direction at whim and will, he has come back to raveland with a creative vision--a journey through old school (really old school).   By mixing scratchy blues samples, gospel-like vocals/samples, and modern  baselines and drum loops, he has grounded his music into a timeless epic.   Play will most certainly make everybody critic's top 5 albums of the year.
0679737456|4.0|I read this book after my freshman year at St. Paul's School, the same school the author bases her experience, and I have to say it is a great book. Though her experience was a considerable amount of years before me, I  could relate to her words. I even meet Ms. Cary and she is a wonderful  woman. If you want a book that will move you this is it.
B0000067X1|5.0|This is by far my favorite Can album.  Opening with the spacey yet melodically grounded &quot;Paperhouse&quot; to the funk-psych &quot;Halleluwah&quot; and the psuedo-indian classical freak out  &quot;Aumgn&quot; .... every track is superb.  We even get an innovative  Damo Suzuki scream fest on &quot;Peking O&quot;; how can this NOT be  amazing?  Can at their early 70's best.
0385333846|5.0|A very original book.  At first it seems like a Science Fiction or a war novel, but further reading unearths a fascinating story.  It takes you and teaches you how to look at life in a whole new way, through the eyes (or  eye) of a Tralfamadorian.  It's a great book and I recomend it to you.
630382336X|5.0|Stop. Buy this movie when you can, watch it as soon as you can. This is not only a brilliant window into the lives of the Beatles but it is also one of the best films that I have seen. In concept, structure,  cinematography it ranks with The Third Man, Citizen Kane, Casablanca - any  great film that you would care to mention.  This is a light-hearted and  amusing film that has genuine artistic credibility. A joy for first time  viewers and those who saw it first in the cinema alike.  This is how the  Beatles must be seen if anyone wants to really understand the music and the  following that was and is Beatlemania.  This movie is the Best Bang for the  Buck. Buy Buy Buy.
0440219078|4.0|I have just read this book, and I love it! I usually don't read books, but my school is requiring me to read it over the summer. I just couldn't put it down! I now understand how much we as a society take things for granted.  The book's ending, however I didn't like because it wasn't as clear as the  rest. I would like to read a sequel to this to see what happens to Gabe,  Jonus, &quot;the community&quot;, and of course, the Giver.
B00000IOSU|5.0|A great variety of easy to listen music with haunting melodies and a wonderful melodious voice! Bravo!!
055352576X|4.0|This was my second book by Bryson and the first audio-book of his I have listened to.  There were times when I had to slow down from my usual pace of 75-80 mph to about 50 because I was laughing so hard I couldn't see.   For anyone who has visited Europe, the book rings true.  Mr. Bryson's  political views only broke in once, toward the end with a tangent on the  nobility of the idea of communism or something, but other than that I  enjoyed this book-on-tape immensely.
B0000025L8|3.0|Put together a tape of the following songs from this album and you have something, dare I say it, subtler, more daring and better than London Calling:    1. The Magnificent Seven    2. Junco Partner    3. Somebody Got  Murdered    4. Lightning Strikes (Not Once But Twice)    5. Up in Heaven  (Not Only Here)    6. Corner Soul    7. Police on My Back    8. Washington  Bullets    9. Charlie Don't Surf    10. The Street Parade
B00000ING2|5.0|This is a rare movie which has comedy and beautiful cinematography.  The camara is used low to convey the grandness of offices, and the humor is subtle and quick, pay attention and be ready to rewind.
B0000024WN|5.0|This album established Janis Joplin as a singer whose range was well beyond the hard rock image.  As a blues singer, this album  reveals a depth that rivals any female blues singer of the last fifty years.
0140131558|5.0|This weird and clever exploration of writing, reading, and seeking really got under my skin. The first two installments are a bit nebulous and abstract, but the third (The Locked Room) ties everything together and  really packs a punch. Auster seems to be saying, rather disturbingly, that  there are evil and alienating possibilities in the life of a writer.  I  have never encountered a character more disturbing than Fanshawe ...
0792837614|5.0|To the viewer from Brooklyn, NY.  Please tell me you're a grease-a-holic.  I don't no about you, but when I was in high school, I never saw any students break out into a song-and-dance number. This sort of corn-u-copia  is what makes the musical a musical. Obviously, the music is what makes  this film great (plus, of course, the dramatic climax).  This film tells us  why Leonard Bernstein was the greatest classical composer of his time.  The  team of Bernstein and Sondheim puts to shame Rogers and Hammerstein. No  offense R &amp; H.  But really!  I originally saw this movie in a theater  when I was 13 or 14. I knew I was watching something great. I immediately  went out and purchased the LP soundtrack.  The only soundtrack I have ever  purchased.  The music .......  Compare &quot;Somewhere&quot; with Romeo and  Juliets &quot; A Time for Us&quot;.  They are hauntingly beautiful.  I  watched in awe the quintet number.  It was breathtaking!  The scene at the  gym when tony and maria saw each other for the first time, oblivious to any  one else around as the other characters faded into the background.  The  oscar winning performances of Rita Moreno and George Chakiris was well  deserved.  The greatest musical ever filmed!
6304362498|1.0|Where is the &quot;original&quot; movie 1984???????
0812550706|5.0|Well as I said it is among the best books I have ever read. Even though the end is not as good as the rest of the book. Looks like Mr. Card was hurrying it through.
B0000024IE|5.0|Fight the powere is the best song eve
B00000JCB2|5.0|I'm not a fan of any music that has the word &quot;Rap&quot; in it.  But Limp Bizkit got that idea out of my head.  I still hate rap, but this &quot;Metal Rap&quot; type of sound on this album is very good.  I heard  &quot;Faith&quot; when it came out, and during that time, you could tell  Fred was trying to be like Phil Anselmo from Pantera.  But on their new  album you can tell he worked on his vocal talent, and it really shows.   Hell, he can actually sing.  The highlight song on the album is more then  likely &quot;Nookie,&quot; a song which will kick your a$$.  So if you're  in for an album that will make you want to break windows, buy this CD.
0345347951|5.0|Remarkable that this was written in the 1950's. There are few stories that make your mind gasp. For me this was one of them. I wish I could give something back to this man. Does anyone out there sell coupons for Sri  Lankan mai-tai's?
B00000JCB2|2.0|Limp Bizkit sold out... and thats all there is to it. The only good songs on this cd are break stuff and no sex, the rest are MTV crap.  Their first cd was all about real stuff and hardcore music, now its blown to hip hop  stupid crap music... im sorry limp bizkit, but i lost the faith in ya!
0385484518|5.0|I am 17 and my mom made me read this book even though i would have rather read a good book on American History. When i started it i was immediately overcome by the warmth which Morrie possessed. After finishing I have, now,  a brand new perspective on situations and life in general. I would  recommend this book to everyone; both young and old, black and white, poor  and rich. I have been touched by Morrie's life and I am sure you will too!
6303997198|1.0|I am a male, I'm 20 and I'm single, so maybe I wasn't the indicated to enjoy this movie. I really hated it, it was sooo slow, long and boring. But my elder sister is 32, she's married, and she loves to read romantic novels  (all of them awful in my opinion). She even read the Bridges of Madison  County novel and liked it. But she hated the movie as much as I did. If  anybody has an explanation for that, please tell me.
0767802810|4.0|generally good film, but you would expect it to be much better considering the producer was coppola. kathleen turner's performance is solid, and she proved once again that she is a talented acress. episode when she wakes up  at home n years back in her life is truly a masterpiece. what makes it bad  is nicolas cage's AWFUL (too bad i couldnt use larger font) acting, which  is totally out of the context and totally inconsistent with film story.  plot, although romantic, has holes big enough you can lead a herd of camels  thru. so, just relax and enjoy. you may also be delighted to see helen  hunt, who 11 years later will be the main female character in &quot;as good  as it gets&quot; and jim carrey.
6304362498|5.0|The movie adaptation of 1984 does a masterful job of bringing to the screen the atmosphere of the totalitarian state. The dingyness, squallor, and overall state of opression are effectively conveyed to the audience.  The reduction of the vocabulary in order to create Newspeek was perphaps  the most sinister of the plots that were in play. To reduce the size of the  vocabulary is to reduce the complexity of thought, thus creating a  population of non-thinking individuals. I thought Burton and Hurt gave  equally good performances. Hurt, the very mild mannered functionary,  conveyed the constant state of fear that this society had put him in and  Burton, the party bureaucrat, gave an outstanding performance as an  individual who craved power who loved using it towards the misery of  others.
0060977493|1.0|Apparently I'm not the only one who was annoyed and irritated by this book.  The style was distracting, the plot minimal to nonexistent, and the hype overblown.  My suggestion to whoever edited this would have been to  move the last hundred pages to the front, lose the first hundred pages  altogther, edit down the middle hundred down to about ten and call the  whole thing a very long short story.
0790729628|5.0|Based on Phillip Dick's Classic: 'Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?', combines the best of true sci-fi with deep characterizations.  Only dissappointment is its lack of Dolby 5.1.  Still a mystery to me.
B000002AV5|5.0|Listening to Sade always puts me in a good mood, in fact, it takes me away some where special. Sade has that effect.  Her voice &amp; music are simply special and unique. I only wish she would give us another album of new  music.  Buy this record, you will enjoy it for many years.
B00000IOSU|5.0|With many recordings, you get a glossed-over and sometimes emotionless song.  With Mirrorball, you get all the emotion of each song.  I had been a &quot;waivering&quot; McLachlan fan until this CD.  I absolutely adore it  and I feel I will never be without it.  The song Good Enough was quite a  surprise...a new favorite that everyone should listen to!
B00000DGUG|5.0|i don't understand how this cd is not still doing well on the charts.  even though it has already sold around 10 million worldwide, it should still be in the top 10.  this cd is absolutely awesome and deserves to be  listened to.  alanis describes aspects in my life better than anyone (even  myself) could.  if i am depressed, i listen to &quot;that i would be  good&quot;.  if i am in a hyper mood, i listen to &quot;so pure&quot;.   every song opens a remarkable door in my life.  thank you alanis.
B00000DGUY|5.0|Wonderful disk, full of excellent songs by this great band ! I have this disk for only a couple of days, and I cannot stop adoring it !
B00000J7J4|1.0|I have been a fan of Carlos Santana since the Abraxas days and while this offering seemed exciting it did not live up to previous examples.  I felt he was trying to emulate BB King's &quot;Twins&quot; album and fell way  short.  Santana is capable of more and will have to do better to get my  attention and dollars!
0800184327|5.0|I am amazed that this movie didn't get wider promotion and distribution at the theaters, because this movie is pure delight to watch.  Chayanne has really good Presence, and the chemistry between he and Vanessa Williams was  really fun to watch.  It seemed like all of the actors had a lot of fun  making this film and that made it even more fun to watch.  The soundtrack  was pleasureable to listen to, the sets, costumes, lighting, and camerawork  all worked to make it a delight for the eyes as well. I loved the little  Chaplin-esque bit when the sprinklers turned on Rafael (Chayanne).  The  dancing was fun to watch as well. In all, this is definitely a movie to  own! Buy it!!! :)
B000001Y42|5.0|I got significant other before 3 dollar bill yqa'll and they are both very good albums
B000002LR3|5.0|&quot;Screamidelica&quot; is a genuine classic, from a band that is totally awesome. I never got into this album until I got the &quot;Trainspotting&quot; soundtrack, and then &quot;Vanishing Point.&quot;  This album is so incredible... it starts with a big bang-&quot;Movin' On  Up&quot;... takes you &quot;Higher Than The Sun&quot; (twice)... and lands  down on Earth with &quot;Shine Like Stars.&quot; The whole album rocks, but  I am particularly fond of &quot;Slip Inside This House&quot;, &quot;Inner  Flight&quot;, and &quot;Come Together&quot;- you will be fond of them too.  If you are going to start off your Primal Scream collection start with  &quot;Screamidelica&quot;- a true masterpiece.
B000009EAD|5.0|This cd is the greatest!!!Iced Earth deserves far more credit than they have received! A perfect blend of loud and melodic songs!At times Queensryche sounding;one song almost sounds like Paul Stanley singing!  These guys are big,big in Europe but hardly anyone knows about them in the  US!!!!
0440217563|5.0|A Friend gave me this book to read and I thought, oh dear. The first few pages were really a struggle to get through, but I trusted my friend's judgement and so I read on. I'm pleased to say that I was not dissappointed  with this book. In fact, I'm so hooked on Jamie and Claire that I must read  Drums of Autumn and when I'm done with that, I'll definitely read the first  two books that I missed. Bravo!
B000002TP7|5.0|It's a great CD!  Every single song is good.  You could tell the Beasties put a lot of effort into every track.  You have rap.  You have hardcore.  You have pop.  You have instrumentals.  You have a religious song.  What  more could you want.  The only style they don't use is country (thank  God!).        On another note, I have an idea for their next CD.  It could  be a collection of all their B-sides.  The CD could have She's On It,  Boomin' Granny, 33% God, Dis Yourself in '89,  Some Dumb Cop Gave Me Two  Tickets Already, Dub the Mic, Skills to Pay the Bills, Drunkin Praying  Mantis Style, Dope Little Song, Resolution Time, The Vibes, Mullet Head,  and Caught in the Middle of a Three Way Mix to name a few.  It would be  great.
6305265666|5.0|My wife and daughter had first seen this movie and raved about it.  I bought it as a present for my wife and watched it for the first time last night.  Thinking I was going to see a &quot;chick flick&quot; I must admit  I was very pleasantly surprised.  I enjoyed it!  I'm not a Drew Barrymore  fan but she exhibited great acting talent.  Angelica Houston did a  marvelous job as the villian stepmother.  The movie brings to life a well  worn story of Cinderella but with a &quot;Titanic&quot; storytelling  approach.  I liked it and am glad we bought the DVD so we can see it again.  Cinematography is wonderful.  It's safe for kids too!
6300151379|5.0|If you look up &quot;Labyrinth&quot; under David Bowie you will see the re-release date is shown to be Sept 21,1999 (Hooray!). I could never get tired of watching this movie. It is a well rounded movie which excels in  every aspect. I've noticed many fans such as myself have seen the movie at  a young age &amp; then rediscover its magic at an older age. How wonderful  that I am not alone.I am always trying to introduce this movie to others  beause so many have notexperienced its magic.
0792156684|2.0|The love story was little unbelievable and DiCapprio's final scene made my sides hurt laughing in how corny and cliched it was.  The entire script was just stupid.  Cameron knows how to direct special effects, but he cannot  write.  Nor can he get universally good performances.  Some were good  (Winslet's, Stuart's), some were mediocre (DiCapprio's), and some were just  horrible (Zane's--I kept waiting for him to grow a moustache so he could  twirl it evilly like in the stage melodramas)  The effects saved it from  being a disaster, and there were some good moments.  But 11 oscars?  Gimme  a break!
B00000DF6O|5.0|Some styles of music are universal and B. B. King's music is indeed universal. It doesn't what matter kind of music you like, you can't help but find youself tapping your feet and groovin' to these tunes. Blues on  the Bayou is a really laid back, toe tappin', sittin' up all night jammin'  with the boys kind of album. When I listen to this album I can just imagine  myself sitting in a smokey blues bar listening to the &quot;king&quot; do  his magic with Lucille. The truely great musicians keep on getting better  and transcend time with their work. <br />B. B. said this was a &quot;back to  basics&quot; jam &quot;...with my conviction that this current band is my  best ever.&quot; I would have to agree.
0788815490|5.0|If you like Helena Bonham Carter (and how could you not?), this is a must see.  This is her best performance of her career, including &quot;Room With a View,&quot; and she should have gotten the Oscar.  She is at once  despicable and tragic and few actresses could have pulled the roll off at  all, let alone mastered it.  The other actors are also superb, and it has  been shot beautifully.
6305428220|5.0|this movie explains a lot about my school and how they act like in the beginning where the teachers are all stoned and out of it that is pretty much what it is like at my school.
0671015206|5.0|I'm frugal, yet this book excited me so much that I bought a pile of them and gave them to many close friends with strong urgings to read. The second time this has ever happened to me.       This book presents a realistic  method for becoming financially independent. The key element is saving 15%  of your pre-tax income, and investing that for the long term. What a small  price to pay for true financial freedom!       A core idea implied here is  changing the typical American &quot;order of operation&quot;. By  sacrificing some spending now, one can then have plenty of toys and goodies  later, if that is important. Or do whatever you want - free of a  ball-and-chain job.     An unexpected bonus was a look into the  (counter-intuitive) effects of parents giving substantial sums of money to  adult children. Hint - it usually makes them worse off financially in the  long run.      They also had some excellent data on thinking about your  investments in AFTER-tax terms. This was before index funds became the  rage, and I hadn't thought enough about this. Simple, practical advice that  helped me seek out better alternatives, and therefore a more lucrative long  term strategy.      What I really liked about this book was that it  presented the &quot;live an honest, frugal, and hardworking life&quot; in a  practical context - that of reaping the substantial reward of financial  freedom. For so many of these people, the independence they had gained, and  the personal pride and contentment in that freedom made them so happy, it's  hard to imagine any amount of consumer goods providing that. Life, liberty,  and the pursuit of happiness...hmmm - sound familiar?      For me it was a  great motivator. While I'm much younger than the typical late 50ish to  early 60ish millioniare interviwed, it showed me that I'm well on track if  I just keep at it. That has REALLY helped for the past several years.       If you're looking for a quick fix or magic bullet, or you can't stand theidea of giving up some of your pretax income for now - to have a much  better financial life down the road, then this book isn't for you.        However, if you are willing to consider some spending moderation, and are  looking for practical advice that will truly work - this book is definitely  for you.       ***ANYONE*** with a moderate (say $30K and up) income, plus  some desire and self discipline can become truly self sufficient  financially - let freedom ring! I think that's truly wonderful, and this  book can set you on that path.
B00000J8EK|1.0|Surrender cheapens other forms of music, mainly techno, house, and electro.  There are no kick-backs to any era throughout this cd.  It's as if the Brothers graduated the Big Beat sound with honors and decided to  enroll in first grade tech-house, learning only to doodle with old rave  crayons.  And the result is a splattering of sounds that are  impressionistic of the worst techno art, poorly crafted and unpleasant to  the ear.  Mazzy Star's contribution is the best track, mainly because it  hints at none of the 'childish bouncing in dark rooms with glo sticks'  phenomenon that people who enjoy this album seem prone to.
B00000BKDW|4.0|POWER SLAVE IS A MUST FOR ALL HEADBANGERS, DICKINSONS VOCALS ON THE ALBUM ARE BETTER THAN ANYTHING THAT HE HAS EVER DONE.  A COUPLE OF TRACKS ARE A LITTLE REPETITIVE AND TIME CONSUMING.  TWO MIN. TO MIDNIGHT RANKS UP IN THE  TOP FIVE ALL TIME MAIDEN TUNES.  GUITAR RIFFS ARE CLEAN AND THE BASS LINES  THUMP.  ROCK ON!!!!
0780623150|5.0|EXCELENTE, ES LA UNICA PALABRA QUE SE ME OCURRE LUEGO DE VER ESTE EXCELENTE THRILLER DEL DIRECTOR DEL CUERVO (THE CROW), TANTO EN EL GUIN COMO EN LA PARTE VISUAL, ASI COMO EN LAS ACTUACIONES ESTA PELCULA NOS  MUESTRA LA MADUREZ DE UN MUY BUEN DIRECTOR, DARK CITY ES QUIZ UNA DE LAS  MEJORES PELCULAS DE FICCION HECHAS HASTA EL MOMENTO, DESDE YA ESTARE  ESPERANDO LA PRXIMA PRODUCCIN DE PROYAS.
B00000J7I3|5.0|THIS IS THE BEST MOTLEY ALBUM OF ALL.  IF YOU HAVE TO PURCHASE ANY OF THEM THIS IS IT!  STICK TO YOUR GUNS IS A CLASSIC. POWER TO THE MUSIC.
B000002UA2|4.0|Obscured by Clouds is okay...it is by no means THE best Floyd album out there (in my opinion)however it has its moments and boy they Shine Like a Diamond catching the sun.
B00000J6AG|4.0|I did not used to care for Moby much.  Then I got PLAY.  Overall very nice.  But the 5 songs that are based on the old Africal Americal Spiritual field recordings...WOW!  Try this...play tracks 1, 2, 4, 8, and 11 in a  row.  Try to sit still. Try not to have chills run down your spine.  For  these 5 songs alone Moby should be praised extensively.  I predict people  will be remixing these tracks into even more impressive dance- floor  joy-tracks for the next 5 years.  And droves of others will copy this idea.   Nothing wrong with that, just as long as we remember who showed us how  stunningly emotional it can sound.<br />Techno Soul music for the new  millenium.  Moby can clearly be a genius with the right inspiration. Get  it.
1573226521|2.0|While in Italy a &quot;friend&quot; recommended this book.  Anyone who has ever traveled alone, like Richard in Garland's waste of shelf spacing, knows how shallow friendships on the road really are, and this was no  exception...  <br />Oh and speaking of shallow, this book is a farce!  I only  wish the story was only half as deep as the lagoon that provides the utopia  with substance!  <br />Garland makes a number of vain attempts to be sharp and  witty, neither flies well!  His stereotypes are juvenile, pathetic, and  bothered me to no end!  The only portion of the plot that was of interest  (conflict between Richard and his French companions) fizzed out faster than  Crition's &quot;Andromeda Strain.&quot;<br />In short, wait for the movie to  come to a blockbuster near you, and don't get your hopes up! <br />As for this  book as a whole...<br />I still have the scars!
B000001FI7|5.0|Portishead has always been a big favorite of mine, and this CD might just top the charts. I still can't decide which one is better, the original self-titled album, or Dummy. Both blend AMAZING vocals with a strong beat  and gorgeous melody. I've already worn out the first CD from constant play,  and I fear this one's next. The music STILL affects me after three years of  listening. A definate must-but for fans of Trip-hop, Ambient, and any sort  of Electronica.
6301773551|4.0|I liked this movie a lot. However, wisely Lucas did not give this movie much character/plot development and left that for the sequels. I am glad he did that because if he would have put the meat into this movie, the sequels  would have stunk like other movie serials. This movie's purpose was to  quickly introduce us to the characters, have the big rescue the  princess/battle scenes.. And lastly, the celebration at the end. Even  though, it was a simpler movie than the sequels which were more developed  plotwise and philisophically you get a greater appreciation for this movie  after you see it in context with the others. Overall, a very good movie  that deserves repeated viewings.
B000001E7V|5.0|Probably my favorite CD of all time.  Combining an extremely sensual sound with great bass and synth rythms, this album will leave you reeling. The vocals are also astounding, reminding the listener of Portishead and  Massive attack. Tracks 1, 2, and 3 are true art. A true masterpiece, the  best of Tricky.
B00000ILDE|5.0|Aliens is one of the best sci-fi movies ever. The specail edition is a testimony to that. I would have cut out the scene on lv-426 prior to alien takeover but I enjoyed the added scenes. Well done all around.
B000000WA4|5.0|A truly amazing album that's diverse,a little weird,unique,dark,beautiful,and even hauntingly mesmerizing.I haven't been into rock music all that long, maybe a year,but it stands out as one of the  best albums I have rock or not. It takes you to different places and thats  the best part in my opinion.The lyrics Billy gives range from peaceful,  angry,self-destructive,and even like a childish brat at times too.I like a  lot of different musical styles,different types of music and this album is  like that for rock.&quot;Tonight,Tonight&quot; and &quot;1979&quot; I think  everyone has heard I really love the beat to &quot;1979&quot; which has got  a little hip-hop/electronica beat which is right up my alley since I listen  to rap more than anything else. Billy might get most of the credit as most  lead singers do but James has got a lot of talent,Jimmy is a furious  drummer,and D'arcy is an amazing bass player with a voice that's as  beautiful as she looks.&quot;Zero&quot; is a song were all their talent  comes together and would have been better if they left out all those noisy  guitar breaks.&quot;Bullet With  Butterfly Wings&quot; is a great song with  an even greater ending.&quot;Love&quot; and &quot;Cupid De Locke&quot; are  surprisingly beautiful songs.&quot;Thirty-Three&quot;,&quot;We Only Come  Out At Night&quot; and &quot;Farewell and Goodnight&quot; are nice songs  but my favorite song on the second disc,and probably the album,is  &quot;Bodies&quot; it's just a great song that gets you.Billy snarles and  whines but delivers everytime.A few years ago I didn't like rock music at  all but now I kick myself for that.
B000000WJZ|5.0|Five years after buying this album and I still can't get enough of it.  It hooks you right at the start with the angry and militant &quot;Cherub Rock&quot;-still my favorite Pumpkins song-and continues to swell and sigh  through the end of &quot;Luna&quot;, a beautiful coda to an album of  despair, anguish, and sadness.  &quot;Luna&quot; offers a slight glimmer of  hope, ending the album on a melancholy note (of course leading up to their  next album...).  What takes place between the opening and closing songs is  a look into Billy Corgan's head.  And what a trip it is!  The songs are  driven by the angry instrumentation (most of the guitar and bass parts were  played by Corgan himself) and lifted up by Corgan's voice.  To call the  instrumental parts of the songs merely excellent does not do them justice.   &quot;Siamese Dream&quot; is possibly the best guitar-driven album of the  90's.  The instruments have such power and such presence it is impossible  to ignore them.
B000002BFL|5.0|When I first heard this album, I ignorantly decided it was the worst Bruce album ever, and it sat on the shelf for about two months.  Then I saw Bruce on his solo tour, and started listening.  I don't think there's any Bruce  Springsteen album that takes longer to appreciate than this one, but when  you get to that point, wow.  It almost makes Nebraska seem two dimensional  and immature by comparison.  This is the work of a master.  It has stayed  in my CD changer for the bulk of the 3 1/2 years since it was released.   For the listener who just wants the next Bruce rock and roll album, spend  your money on something else.  But for the person who wants a true  experience, and trusts Bruce Springsteen to take him/her there, The Ghost  of Tom Joad is a true reward, and is clearly one of the greatest, most  challenging, and most rewarding music experiences you will ever find.
B00000F5KH|5.0|This story and Brazilian star was nominated for the 1999 Oscar, foreign film and actress.    Central Station relates a most sensitive story of a jaded woman whose shell is pierced by a wide eyed young lad who is becomes  a street urchin upon the death of his mother.  The Brazilian urban and  rural life is contrasted with &quot;road&quot; scenes as the old woman and  lad travel in search of his father.  Hispanic literature is rich with the  picaresque novels.  This might be the 20th/21st Century update of the  genre.  It is disappointing that the DVD does not have a Spanish audio  track, only Brazilian Portuguese with English subtitles, an opportunity  lost by the DVD producer and a sale lost in my case.
B00000J7J4|5.0|This CD captures the sound and feel Carlos Santana has been missing for many years. Having been a Santana fan for the last 25 years, I am most impressed with this CD. The guitar riffs are original and catchy, much like  many of the songs by Eric Clapton, and the varied artists contribute  wonderfully to the sound of Santana's guitar. I especially like &quot;Love  of My Life&quot;, &quot;Put Your Lights On&quot; and &quot;Wishing it  Was.&quot; I would strongly recommend this CD to any music fan. As a matter  of fact, put this CD in the best stereo system you can find, and crank it  up.
B00000634J|5.0|One of the best albums ever created
B000000OSE|5.0|Awsome, Amazing- Use your illiusion 1. It's hard raw and in your face. The fast beat tunes of Perfect crime, Right next door to hell, Double talkin jive and don't damn me to the soft November rain. Then come Guns n Roses  classics Don't cry, Coma, November rain and live and let die. I would give  it way more than 5 stars if I could, It rocks. I rambled enough just buy  it!!! See you on another review-Die hard GnR fan
B000002MZ9|5.0|This album was recorded in about two days by Neil Young and Pearl Jam.  Had they been given more time, they might have added more polish to the songs.  This would diminish their quality.  The songs grab you with their  fuzzy distortion and simple three chord structures.  Had they been given  more attention, they would have ended up shinier, with more refinement.  As  they stand, the songs seem to be the primal offspring of two great musical  minds, Neil Young's songwriting and Pearl Jam's musicianship.  They sound  as if they had been concieved two minutes before tape started rolling.   This gives the listener a glimpse into the creative process, what music  sounds like when it it born.  However, had Young and Pearl Jam had more  time in the studio, they may have put out a double album.  One can only  hope that they meet up again.
B000002BE9|5.0|I have had this album for at least 2 1/2 years, and I must honestly say that I have never grown tired of listening to it over and over again.  Whenever I need music for contemplation, I pop Fiona into the CD player.  Her voice is untrained, but so soulful that it brings tears to my eyes in   &quot;Sullen Girl&quot;.  Some of the lyrics are a little too melodramatic  and seem as if they came from an episode of Dawson's Creek (&quot;Never Is  A Promise&quot;), and sometimes Fiona is way too angst-ridden (&quot;Sleep  to Dream&quot;).  However, considering that she was only 18 when this work  was completed, it is beautifully sophisticated, and her piano is tops,  especially in &quot;Slow Like Honey&quot; and &quot;Shadowboxer&quot;.  A+  for style and grace, B+ for execution.
068484267X|4.0|This book was an odd read for me.  I was initially unaware that it was an autobiography, which made the horror of McCourt's childhood even more intense.  Being Irish-Catholic, it brought back a lot of memories of my  childhood and I was thankful that mine wasn't as bad as his! :-)  Not for  the faint hearted.
0440214041|5.0|I have just began to read Grisham's books. The other week I was at a library book fair and was able to pick up a stack of books which I am now reading. The Pelican Brief is a great book. It's full of action, has a  great plot and was difficult to put down
B000000OQY|3.0|Well it's good but not great. Truley I would not pay the price fo it as the other ones are so much better. The first 4 songs Axl's voice is HIGH and very sqeeked. The Acustic songs are what would give it a couple of  extra stars as they sing Patiance, One in a million, Used to love her and  the acustic version of your crazy. Well buy it when it's cheap so long. Die  hard GnR fan.
B000000W5L|5.0|Most rock critics call this the Stones' best album, a platform I agree with.  It may not pack as many idendifiable &quot;classics&quot; as other albums, but I think that it is the Stones' most cohesive album.  It is the  album that displays their total refinement of the musical genres of folk,  blues, soul, gospel, and of course, rock.  The album flows from start to  finish, with some songs bursting out of their blocks, and others slowing  down at a nice fluid pace.  The songs themselves are stunners.  Most, like  &quot;Rocks Off&quot; or &quot;Tumbling Dice&quot; are about freedom or  release, a feeling reflected in the albums title.  This album represents a  break from the conventional rock albums of the day.  It isn't so much  guitar-drums-bass (although there is plenty of that), but a much more solid  wall of sound from song to song.  Richard's riffing is as good as ever, but  Mick Taylor's slide elevates the album above others.  Taylor was an  incredible guitarist, and none of the Stones' other albums used his talents  (or the talents of other rythym guitarists) so well.  Much of the guitars  are in open G and capoed, and most songs use Taylor's slide fully to their  advantage.  It cuts sharply through every other sound on the album, leaving  the most lingering sound in the listener's ears.  Taylor left the band  after this album, which is a terrible loss.  Listening to his work on this  album is evidence enough that &quot;Exile&quot; could have only been the  first in a series of similar albums, albums that fuse every influence on  rock in one beautiful package.
0345410025|5.0|I am a junior in college who has been using these techniques since highschool. You will be amazed at the speed at which you can learn using these techniques. Before the Memory Book I was plagued with having to go  over my lessons over, and over,and over again just to make decent grades.  Now, I use these skills to go over vast amounts of material in less than  two hours. I go over my material in my head during the day when I am  performing tasks and chores. I no longer sweat out those midterms and  finals because I walk in there knowing my stuff. It feels great. Make no  mistake you will have to work to apply the Memory skills to school work.  But what would you rather do use rote and go over 21 times, or use the  techniques and go over it once or twice and get it. It's up to you. Go on  and buy this book if you are looking for a way to do better in school,  business, hobbies anything. The book is inexpensive, but the knowledge you  will gain is worth millions really.
B00000JCB2|4.0|This band combines the popular heavy metal and rap  for the perfect 90's combo. The greatest generation X band out there.
0440213525|5.0|I have just recently started reading John Grisham's books. I found &quot;The Client&quot; very exciting as Mark Sway an eleven-year old boy witnesses a suicide of a New Orleans  attorney. Everyone wants to know what  Mark knows. The FBI, the local police and the Mafia. As the story unfolds  you can't help but wonder if and how Mark is going to escape from all of  this.
6304240554|5.0|Dawn of the Dead is the best horror film ever made. With its extreme gore and sense of humor, i cant watch this movie enough.  The directors cut has a few extra minutes of footage.  No real extra gore.  BUY IT.
067942850X|4.0|I didn't think anything could compare to Into Thin Air, but Krakauer has proven to be a great auditor of the unusual adventurer. I know people who went to high school with Chris McCandless, and none of them could beleive  that he just walked into the woods of Alaska one day. That is the most  interesting, and disturbing thing about this story. Krakauer does an  admirable job of getting into McCandless' head to see what was there. With  his usual attention to detail and fascinating descriptions, I was taken in.  A good read.
B00000IOSU|1.0|Sarah McLachlin has a load of talent evident on at least one of her previous releases (...Ecstasy). However, this disc falls well below expectations. If you're looking for a better new release, try the new Weird  Al or Chemical Brothers CDs, as both are far superior to this slop.
B00000F1D3|1.0|Between the facelift, clothes, and the music style, Cher is competiting with Brittany Spears for the worst album of the Millenium. Her voice is annoying and the song is redundant to say the least. What is up with that  yodelling???
0385493800|2.0|I can appreciate Grisham's attempt to break out of his usual genre with &quot;The Testament,&quot; and the story is not without its charms. As usual, Grisham's writing style kept me hooked from the beginning, but by  the end I couldn't figure out why. <br />The problem is this: Grisham seems to  not have the sophistication to fully describe the lead character's fight  with drug and alcohol dependance. That tension is the lynchpin of the  novel, and I didn't feel it. <br />Though the sections in the jungles of  Brazil were well-writen, the descriptions only served to divert the real  focus of the book - Nate's fight to stay alive and, in the process, find  himself.<br />I just kept thinking: A man's salvation has more depth than  this. Doesn't it?<br />And by the way, if you were looking for a legal  thriller stop right now. This isn't one.
B00000612P|5.0|This album along with a couple other early Stewart albums are enough to make anyone forgive some of Rod's later mistakes and throwaways.  The songs here are so packed with heart, humor, sadness, and energy, that I defy  anyone not to enjoy them.  It's hard not to love a record with lyrics like,  &quot;My body stunk but I kept my funk&quot;.
B00000JGHM|4.0|This movie is great.  The cast is perfect.  This is a movie you like more the more you watch it.  Pacino can only be appreciated once you get past the overstated fascade and actually begin to understand his character.  DeNiros tone and facial expressions are excellent.
014028009X|5.0|My husband bought this for my 23-year old daughter -- I sat down to begin reading and couldn't put it down until it was finished -- late into the evening.  Loved Jane's sense of sarcastic humor!  Not to be wasted on just  the &quot;younger&quot;  reader!
B000002U9Y|5.0|My favourite early PF work, a bit out of tune, a bit raw ,yet full of inovation and creative ideas. My favourite track is &quot;Set the controls for the heart of the sun&quot;
0670880728|5.0|I have never read a more entertaining book in my entire life.  This book is not just for  thirty something professional singletons.  ANYONE regardless of gender, sexuality, marital status, age, race or size will  find this book heartwarming, a little sad and wildly, laugh out loud funny!
B00000JCB2|4.0|I'm not the biggest rock fan in the world but I love rap. Limp Bizkit makes a steady blending of rap and rock with the hardcore rock riffs and rap lyrics. My favorite song on the album is &quot;n 2gether now&quot;  featuring Method Man from my favorite rap group the Wu-Tang Clan. That is  my favorite song but most of them are good. Another song worth checking out  is &quot;Just Like This&quot;. I recomend this album to rap fans who  sometimes like to bang their heads and get rowdy. I also can recomend this  to any rock fan because these guys can play!
0316920045|5.0|Challenge yourself a bit.  OK, so the guy's a triffle obscure. So I had to start a study group to try to figure it out. So there are foot notes (For those of you that had objections about the footnotes: &quot;feh.&quot;)  So  I had three bookmarks going while I was reading that book.  I know great  art when I see it.  I enjoyed every moment of it.  I can't wait to read the  newest one by him.
076781326X|5.0|OLIVER! won 6 Oscars in 1968, including best picture, winning over films like THE GRADUATE. And for my money OLIVER! deserved every one. The movie is the last well crafted musical to be released and succeeds in all areas.  Actually a British production with plenty of Hollywood know how behind the  scenes (ie John Green, one of the great composer-condutors from Hollywood  &quot;golden Age&quot; was on hand to supervise the music). The movie can  be a bit over produced at times with some of the musical numbers going on  too long, also the harsh realities of Dicken's original story tend to be  watered down (purists can watch David Lean's great dramatic version). Mark  Lester's performance can be irritating at times (its a female vocalist  dubbing his singing voice by the way), but the other great actors never let  Lester bog down the movie. Shani Wallis,Olvier Reed, Ken Moody, Jack Wild  are all great. Get the Widescreen DVD if you can. Its the ony way to fully  enjoy OLIVER!
0783225970|5.0|Al Pacino is so awesome in this movie. The action is great and there are some really good lessons that you can learn from watching this movie.
B000002ADT|5.0|I should be allowed to use more than 5 stars to rate this album - one of the finest albums, of any style, I have ever heard. Kind of Blue should be required listening for any student, music or otherwise.
0140074317|5.0|I was given a copy of this book when the first movie came out.  I was enthralled.  I have read this book hundreds of times, for truly, when you read a book more than once...it changes every time.  My copy was lost in a  fire a few years back and I'm now replacing it...for I've found I can't  live without it.
6302902010|4.0|I'd do anything for the original copy.  Let me know if it's ever released
B0000062GK|5.0|This is easily Satriani's best and that is saying a lot since the self-titled LP, The Extremist, Flying in a Blue Dream, and Surfing with the Alien were all strong albums.  However, Crystal Planet barely gives you  time to catch your breath from the time &quot;Up in the Sky&quot; starts  all the way up to &quot;Psycho Monkey&quot;. There are great songs one  after another including &quot;Ceremony&quot;, &quot;Secret Prayer&quot;,  &quot;Lights of Heaven&quot;, and &quot;With Jupiter in Mind&quot;. PLAY  LOUD AND ENJOY!
B0000009OP|5.0|The first time I saw &quot;Spanking the Monkey&quot;, I was hooked by Morphine's deeply soulful sound, and Sandman's voice.  I instantly bought every CD they released.  I'm real sad to hear that Mark Sandman died a  couple of days ago.  He was a great musician in a time when that is a  rarity.  He will be missed.
B000007VN4|5.0|This and Queensryche are the most amazing bands I've ever heard. My love of Heavy Metal began with this band and this album in 1985. Buy it.
B00000JMQC|5.0|I saw this movie when I was younger and it was the best thing that I had seen since the original Oz.  The wheelers, Tik Tok and Jack the Pumpkin Head were great characters that were taken from L. Frank Baum's wonderful  novel.  I highly recommend this movie to anyone who is young or young at  heart.=^..^=
B00000IBRX|5.0|My 20 year old daughter came home after watching this movie with a friend. They were both were so excited and said that it had changed them, and that I had to see this movie. Well I watched it and I can tell you that I was in  awe of the special effects and the acting. It was so moving and we all  cried all the way home, not that I felt it was depressing, but it was  actually so full of joy at the end, it really makes you think about the  ones you love.
B00000IQC8|2.0|I ordered my Collector's Edition of Clerks early an anticapated it's release more than anyone I knew.  When it finally arrived the excitment overwhelmed me.  However, the deleted scenes are just long versions of the  scenes in the movie; the audio commentary tells you nothing about how the  movie was made.  It was just a bunch of drunk guys sitting around laughing  about how much they like the movie and their favorite parts.  I love this  movie, but the lame extras on this DVD pull my rating down.  If you want  something for your money get the Collector's Edition of Good Will Hunting.
0783233477|5.0|I don't know what I was expecting when I watched this movie. But I can tell you the emotions that went through me were compelling enough to keep me watching. I was not disappointed. Brad Pitt's perfomance as well as  Anthony Hopkins was wonderful. It was a romantic movie as well as sad at  times. I loved every nuance, look and comment made between the characters.  I will see this movie over and over again.
B000002AH7|5.0|If you do not own this album, your collection is not complete.  This album defines sheer musical beauty.
B000002KY8|5.0|No matter what, this is the album that put Prince on the map.  He uses lyrics to express how he feels(never mind your friend, girl it ain't no sin to strip right down to your underware!)  The way he could open up allowed  me and my peers to feel comfortable about who we were and what was going on  in our lives.  17 years later, listening to this cd, still expands my  horizons(this is for the wind that blows no matter how fast or slow,not  knowing where I'm going, this galaxys better and I have another place to  go, now I know.)  I can still feel the music, the lyrics, the beat, and the  illusion.  If I hear Something in the water (does not compute) on any day,  during a certain mood, I can still cry.. Delora Evans..true PRINCE fan.
B00000J7JO|4.0|This is a very good piece of work by the peppers.  They blend in a new sound along with some sounds reminiscent of BSSM.  With catchy songs such as &quot;Scar Tissue&quot;, &quot;Around The World&quot;,  &quot;Californication&quot;, and my favorite on the album,  &quot;Otherside&quot;, this is a very worthwhile cd.
6300214710|5.0|This is one of my all-time favorite movies.  I've watched it over and over again and am glad to have found it at Amazon to purchase it.  It is well acted.  I love the interactions between all the characters.  &quot;Ducky&quot; is hilarious.  &quot;Andy&quot; is real and  &quot;Blane&quot; shows us that peers can influence us in a sometimes  negative way.  This is one movie that I'll never tire of watching.  It lets  you know that it doesn't matter if you have money.  It's being happy that  counts.  It brings back a lot of memories.  You won't go wrong by  purchasing this movie.  Enjoy!
B000002UVX|5.0|&quot;Machine Gun&quot; contains the most daring blues ever recorded. Althought not traditional blues licks, it's as evocative as any in history.
B00000J7J4|5.0|In the early `80's, Santana was my favorite band by far.  As that decade wore on, I became increasingly frustrated by their lackluster output.  All the band's releases from Shango (1982) to Milagro (1992) just did not seem  worthy of Carlos Santana's stunning guitar playing (with the lone exception  being Beyond Appearances in 1987).  Along comes this gem and suddenly, I  have been catapulted back to the ranks of a Santana super-fan!  And one  listen is all it took!  I have listened to this great CD many times since  and have become a Supernatural addict!<br />With Supernatural, Carlos brings  in a group of today's hottest recording stars to help him and his band, and  the results are shockingly great.  I say shockingly because the last time  he did this (on his 1984 solo album Havana Moon) the result was an uneven  group of songs that sounded as though they did not belong on the same album  together.  This is far from the case here.  All the tunes are soulful,  melodic, high-energy numbers with that classic Carlos Santana guitar  signature.  <br />Though every song from Supernatural is of four to five star  quality, here are some of the stand-outs.  Love Of My Life features the  vocals of Dave Matthews who truly seems to enjoy himself here.  The song is  jazzy and smooth, not to mention catchy and has hit single written all over  it.  Put Your Lights On featuring the vocal work of Everlast is equal parts  haunting, intense and irresistible.  Smooth with Matchbox 20's Rob Thomas  seems to be the radio's favorite off Supernatural and for good reason.   Thomas cranks out a slick soulful vocal that beautifully compliments  Carlos' smokin' guitar fills.  Though Lauryn Hill's rap at the beginning of  Do You Like The Way is a bit of a stretch, Cee Lo closes the number with a  savvy vocal that resembles 1970's Philadelphia much more than it does  1990's rap/R&amp;B.  Maria Maria is the stand out among stand outs.   Produced by Hill's fellow Fugee Wyclef Jean, this song isjust a feast of  street wise lyrics, big drum beats and screaming Hispanic guitar  licks.<br />If you are like me and have (or are about to) give up on Santana,  buy this CD and fall in love with them again.  If you were never a fan, buy  this CD and become one! fpr.
6302293553|5.0|shalt not see.  Yes I would buy this movie even if I hated Monty Python humor the life of Brian isn't this good.
6305313687|2.0|Dont belve what you hear about this movie see it for your self rent it first. I think it was realy disgriminating twards whites and blacks and I dont think it cleared any thing up in twards the racest tendencys of our  country in fact it probibly furterd them. And the story that a guy sent in  to prison with Natzi tattos all over his body,for less than a year had his  life canged by one black man who he did the landery with. Its  rediculess.The reason I give this Movie 2 stars is that it has good  cinimatography and soud and you might like it but see it for your self  first.
B000002BUY|5.0|One of my all time top ten albums.  Almost all the tracks are excellent for your listening pleasure.  Pick up this album today.  From one of the greatest artists out there.
014028009X|2.0|I just couldn't get with it.  It had some funny moments, but overall I was very disappointed.
B000001E7L|5.0|One of my all time top ten albums.  Almost all the tracks are excellent for your listening pleasure.  Pick up this album today.  From one of the greatest artists out there.
6300248569|1.0|This production of Pride and Prejudice is almost totally unlike the novel it is a waste of time.  Large portions of the dialogue do not appear in the book and Weldon(the writer) or the director make many stupid choices in  regard to revealing characterization.  As for the acting the two main leads  are insipid--Rintoul is wooden and remains wooden showing no transformation  and Garvie kept reminding me of Marie Osmond.  See the Firth/Ehle  production!!
B00000DFSK|5.0|One of my all time top ten albums.  Almost all the tracks are excellent for your listening pleasure.  Pick up this album today.  From one of the greatest artists out there.
6305161976|5.0|How any one could not give this five stars is beyond me! Yeah, I know there are all those cliches, but his is where they were invented. Film history in one package - a must for our generation.
B00000DHRX|5.0|Great music.  One for the feet and one for the heart.  Enjoyed - Great music
B00000IOSU|3.0|Sara is extremely talented...no question about it. I love her voice and her music is powerful and if you were to have one album from her, this is it.  Her live performances are far more energetic than her studio ones.   But, she needs to learn what Sting, Paul Simon and Lyle Lovett have  learned.  To be artistic, powerful and meaningful you don't have to write  music that is so dark, somber and introspective.  An uplifting album from  Sara, both in words and in tone of music, would be a truly powerful album  and no doubt her best.
B000005IS1|5.0|This band is completely new to me, I'm currently listening to a documentary about this band on the radio, and I LIKE WHAT I'M HEARING, IT ROCKS! This band is amazing, I can't believe they played music like this in  1968!
6305205620|5.0|To truly experience this live Metallica concert watch it on a large screen tv and pump it up in 5.1 surround.  Be prepared for a high energy head-bangin 'feel like your there' concert.  If your one of those fans who  think that their new look is a sell-out, then this dvd is not for you.  All  others ROCK ON!!!!
B00000J7JO|1.0|This CD is just awful.  Wimpy and doesn't rock at all. Save your money
630469654X|1.0|Somehow in my mind I got this movie mixed up with Willow and purchased it on DVD.  If you like (bad)early 80's synth music this is for you, otherwise the only apeal here is breathtaking cinematography that unfortunately gets  swamped by both the music and the really really lame execution of what  should have been a great plot.  Did I mention how the music really  interferes with my suspension of disbelief?
0783110928|5.0|I saw this on HBO when it first came out, and I was so impressed! It is a great GREAT movie, funny, touching and very well directed in all aspects! A must see for anyone!
B00000AFGM|5.0|I never liked Marilyn's music until I heard &quot;The dope show&quot; &amp; &quot;The speed of pain&quot; on the radio. I had borrowed his other albums from friends &amp; it just wasn't my thing. Because I liked the  songs on the radio I decided to buy this album anyway. Words can't discribe  how different I find this album from the others I have heard. This album is  more main stream &amp; if his hard core fans think he's a sell out, they  are missing out. If this album is any inclination of his writting talents  Marilyn's popularity will only continue to grow &amp; grow. Unlike most  albums I purchace I love every song on this album. &quot;Mechanical  animals&quot; should be on you list of albums to take on a long trip. I can  only hope that this album is a preview of better songs on his next album,  which if is anything like this one I'm going to have to buy two of, so that  me &amp; the wife aren't always fighting over it!
6305358613|3.0|You're wrong, this is not the only film that explores princess Elizabeth's life before she becomes queen.  Please view the colorful 1950's movie, &quot;Young Bess&quot;, starring Jean Simmons as  princess Elizabeth,  Stewart Granger, Deborah Kerr and Charles Laughton reprising his famous  role as Henry VIII.   In addition, although it was made for television,   the first episode of &quot;Elizabeth R&quot; starring Glenda Jackson also  shows her precarious rise to power.  This last version is the most  historically accurate account of her youth and the best acted than either  &quot;Elizabeth&quot; or &quot;Young Bess&quot; .   Enjoy.
B000001Y2U|5.0|Dette album er det bedste !  Marilyn manson you were cool at Roskilde Festival.
0452273056|2.0|...Frankly, it would be hard to find a more hopeless, depressing, dark novel.  There is no redemption here for any of these afflicted characters. There is only sorrow, nihilism, and desperation. As a portrait of such it is well written, but yikes. I don't mind a book being depressing, but I like to find some shred of hope for change or life affirmation even among the suffering, and I do not find it here.
6300181286|5.0|I am a 16-year-old movie buff, and this is perhaps the single greatest horror movie of all time.  James Whales' direction is fantastic, and Karloff gives a stand-out performance as the monster.  Colin Clive was,  well there isn't much to say that hasn't been said before.  He's brilliant.  If you enjoy this movie, also check out 'Gods and Monsters!'  Highly  recommended.
B00000B29C|4.0|I was so glad when this was finally released. It contains a riveting performance by John Lennon. It also contains a fascinating blend of classical violin, Yoko wailing, and powerhouse rock band. The Who's number  is polished. Taj Mahal and the other opening acts acquit themselves well.  The Stones' performance is varied, but it's great to hear them onstage from  this important period.
B000003NA4|5.0|I don't know which thrills me most - her singing, her piano playing, the wonderful guitar of Russell Malone, or the subtle orchestral background.  All in all, it is a wonderful package.  This was my first exposure to Ms.  Krall, but I'll be stocking up on everything she's recorded.
6301562143|3.0|The best scene in this film is the first one, in which Batman appears to beat up some common thugs. We get the sense of dark mystery about him that the early comic books contained. Tim Burton is an interesting directorial  choice, and the overall look of this dim picture is great. However,  Nicholson is simply annoying (and there are gratuitous scenes of him  dancing round an art museum or clipping up photographs from God knows where  that simply don't make a lot of sense) and we never get a very satisfying  dismissal of him at the end. Basinger is useless too.
0440178002|1.0|This book has many historical inaccuracies. The writing is gripping like any best-seller should be, but does not have the literary quality to make it a work of art. The language used is as simplistic as a sixth-grader's,  and does not use this to any advantage other than making it very easy to  read for the unintelligent masses.
0871137380|5.0|The most compelling thing about this book is that Bowden tells the stories of the men who were there on both sides, so the book reads like a novel rather than a collection of facts.  Gripping Reading.
B00000J6AG|4.0|I must say that Moby's Play is interesting and creative. And to think that he crafted the whole album by himself. I am revelitively new to this techno/dance pop/DJ genre. Having heard a few Chemical Brothers and Prodigy  tracks on the radio and owning the static but infectious Portishead: Dummy,  I had no idea what to expect from Moby. I only read reveiws of his faith is  Christianity (which I also follow) his groundbreaking ablum Everything is  Wrong, and I was curious to hear what his new music sounds like with the  old negro spirituals and blues samples. Then I discovered with  &quot;Play&quot; you can bop your head to the catchy grooves of  &quot;Honey&quot; and &quot;Find my Baby&quot; then spring up to your feet  and dance like crazy to &quot;Bodyrock&quot; and &quot;Machete&quot;. Sit  down and relax again to the ambience of &quot;7&quot;, &quot;Slow  down&quot; and &quot;Inside&quot; then jump up like a jack in the box to  one or two tracks then settle down to some more ambience and trance. And  along the way you get a few songs and poems from Moby and insparational  messages to boot. I'm still waiting for Moby: Everything is Wrong in the  mail.  Play, Dance and Pray.
B00000IQBN|5.0|The rise and fall of Redmond Barry (taken from Thackeray's novel) is a slow-paced, but richly detailed period piece.  Over three hours long with an intermission, this movie certainly won't be to everyones' taste, but I  found it mesmerizing.<br />It was fascinating how Kubrick took our young,  naive hero, and as the film progressed, made him less than likable.  By the  time the film winds down, you actual dislike this unfeeling rogue who is  out only to worm his way up the political ladder and doesn't care who he  steps on or hurts in the process.  Yet, surprisingly, when Barry does fall,  Kubrick allows us to feel the pain, leaving the viewer wishing things had  turned out differently.<br />Between 1 and 10, this lavish production with  near-perfect cinematography, gets a 9.  This is a Kubrick film.  Nothing  more needs to be said.  It is one-of-a-kind.  Kubrick's cold, dispassionate  filmaking, somehow makes the viewer feel a myriad of emotions, which is the  legacy this great filmaker left behind.
B000001FI7|5.0|Before purchasing &quot;Portishead: Dummy&quot; a few months ago I never knew or heard the band and had no idea what &quot;trip hop&quot; was. &quot;What the heck is 'trip hop'&quot; I thought before reading its  defination as a mixture of hip-hop, soul, R&amp;B and alternative. At the  first listen it did not really strike me that much, being a fan of guitar  driven, melodic alternative music. Then after listening to Dummy some more,  Beth Gibbons' beautiful voice, the samplings and intruments began to creep  up on me. Soon I would find myself singing some of the tracks when I'm  traveling or on my own and when I get home I would be craving to pop  Portishead into my CD player. Beth Gibbons is one of the best female  vocalist I've heard in my collection of female artiste so far. This is  definately worth the purchase. My favorite songs are &quot;Mysterion&quot;,  &quot;Sour Times&quot;, &quot;Strangers&quot;, &quot;It Could Be  Sweet&quot;, &quot;Wandering Stars&quot; and my #1 fave &quot;Roads&quot;.
0800132343|5.0|Talk about a film that transports the viewer from his living room and into the film, you'd be talking about \\"Das Boot\\".  Believe me, as this film progressed, I was sweating and taking deep breaths!<br />I've seen this film  in both subtitles and an excellent English-dubbed version (I prefer the  subtitled version).  This new, expanded version, as good as it is, doesn't  add all that much to the original movie (the original being that  perfect!).<br />\\"Das Boot\\" has a very distinct anti-war message, and gives  allied viewers a look at war from the other side.  This is great filmaking  without a budget (some of the special effects were rather cheesy).  However, the interior scenes of submarine life are so compelling, so  realistic, that one overlooks these minor faults.<br />As far as comparing  this to \\"Saving Private Ryan\\", why bother?  \\"Saving Private Ryan\\" is no  \\"Das Boot\\" and vice-versa.  These are two very different, wonderfully made  films that show the brutal and insane nature of war.  If you prefer one  over the other, fine.  I found each film to be a classic in its own right.  Between 1 and 10, \\"Das Boot\\" gets a marginal 9.
B00000J2KT|2.0|Ever since the DVD format was introduced Full Metal Jacket was one of a handful of movies I have been eagerly waiting to be released. Imagine my disappointment when I put the disk in, pressed play, and saw the &quot;This  film has modified from its original version.  It has been formatted to fit  your screen.&quot; - disclaimer. And mono? MONO?? I can't believe Warner  Bros. even released this. And Kubrick supposedly &quot;approved&quot; this edition?
B00000JCB2|5.0|All I have to say is that this album ROCKS. Show Me What You Got is friggin awesome. Many people were pist off because they thought Significant Other wasn't as hard as Three Dollar Bill. Maybe it's not, but it just  shows me that Limp Bizkit can play any type of music and rock.
B000001EGA|5.0|I have been more or less fond of EJ since childhood (some time ago now!), but this album was always my favorite by far and has never lost its appeal.  Everything about it is strikingly original, strangely heartfelt, and full  of conviction--not a tentative or misjudged note in the lot.  This is a  campy reality that only Elton and his band could bring off.   Notwithstanding the recent addition of &quot;Philadelphia&quot;, this album  is not about America--real or imagined--but London and England. It is oddly  gritty and personal-seeming for Elton, and successfully so, though I should  add that there is plenty of soaring harmony to please anyone. By and large,  this is as good as he gets, and it's certainly his most satisfying album  when considered as a whole.
B000002OX7|5.0|Although THE BEATLES are the best musical group of all-time, THE WHO, in my opinion are second. WHO'S NEXT, TOMMY,  and QUADROPHENIA are musical masterpieces. Very few other bands are capable of creating a monster like  THE WHO did, and keep it on a leash. Pete Townsend is, in my opinion, the  fifth greatest song writer of all-time behind 1)Paul McCartney, 2)Bob  Dylan, 3)Eric Clapton, and 4)John Lennon. Beside Townsend, there is John  Entwistle; who is possibly the best musician that you've never heard of,  Keith Moon, the best drummer of all-time, and Roger Daltrey, one of the  best voices for rock. THE WHO provide an unmatched release while listening  to their music. You have to crank the stereo all the way up before putting  on THE WHO, no matter what album.
B000002JSJ|1.0|I've been a fan for years, but I didn't even know about this album until recently.  My friend said, &quot;Don't buy it, it's dross and you'll be sorry.&quot;  I did, it is, and I was.
630451087X|5.0|Lost Highway is a concept film.  It uses the theory that the story does not matter so much as the theme-that is why things that happen out of the ordinary realm happen-because it is film exploring a certain theme.  Visually, Lynch has made a gorgeous film and internally shown psychosis,  regression and split personality amazingly.  It's not for everyone but it  does make sense if you look at it as an abstraction.
0375707972|5.0|Even though I'm only a teenager, I found this book a dramatic, absolutely wonderful tale of a young man struggling with the woman he loves.  I would recommend it to anyone.  Before you read it though, be sure to have a full  box of tissues nearby!
B00000IP2L|5.0|Zakk, I am SO proud of you. Sonic Brew is  fantastically brilliant! I'm suprised you didn't play the drums, too! I stand behind everything you do. I hope to see some videos. I love you. Take care. -Laura Farron
B000005J56|5.0|Cooder adds another element to the melting pot of Cuban sounds.  Hard to stop listening to this one.
B000002MY3|5.0|Jagged Little Pill es un cd altamente recomendable para todos aquellos que gusten de la musica rock alternativa. El regitro vocal de esta chica de Ottawa es increible y los ritmos,exactos. Ideal para quienes adoran la  musica rapida, fuerte, melodica, pero no aburrida. Excelente.
B00000I0XW|4.0|Despite what Jason Verlinde says, I think this is a lovely recording.  Sarah Brightman's voice is a lovely, clear soprano, and not &quot;chirping&quot; at all.  I'm not a huge Andrew Lloyd Weber fan, but I  do love listening to her sing his ballads.
B000002I25|5.0|Here it is.  The Doors album that started it all.  Tunes such as &quot;Soul Kitchen,&quot; &quot;Backdoor Man,&quot; and &quot;The End&quot; are some of the best songs ever.  This album defines 60s psychedelia.  Not  even the Dead or the Beatles  created a more powerful album.  Absolutely  essential.
6300246876|5.0|This is one of the best movies about WWII that I have seen.  Sure, there is a lot of political maneuvering early on in the movie (that's what happened), sure there were lots of alerts that led to nothing (that's the  way it happened), and sure there were lots of interservice rivalries about  what was the most important thing to do.<br />If you are looking for a  shoot-em up, action adventure where a single hero single-handedly saves the  world, then this is NOT the movie for you.<br />If you are a thoughtful movie  watcher with interests in history and the good telling of a major  historical event, then this movie IS for you.<br />I lived in Japan for two  years, and I thoroughly enjoyed the fact that the Americans spoke English  and that the Japanese spoke Japanese!  I don't mind subtitles at all.  I  also appreciated the attention paid to Japanese culture in the movie --  religious as well as societal.<br />I also thought that the special effects  were quite good, especially considering the fact that this movie was made  29 years ago.  The vitage planes and other attention to detail really nail  things down for me.<br />This is a great movie for thoughtful viewers!
B000007S5B|4.0|&quot;Waiting For The Sun&quot; show cases the band in a more laid-back mode.  This, however does not in any way detract from the sound of the album. Jim is in full voice for such sentimental gems as &quot;Love  Street&quot; and &quot;The Spy&quot; (two of the best love songs ever!).   The Doors disperse the seeds of what would come to be heavy metal in the  album's title track, &quot;Waiting For The Sun.&quot;  An essential album  for any fan.
0800141601|2.0|While I've always sort of cast Sean Connery as the epitome of King Richard the Lionheart, Richard Gere spelled a death knell for this movie in my book.  Sure, he is handsome, strong, skilled, confident, and the talk of  all the ladies, but it's just too bad that he knows it and isn't afraid to  say so and act like it (in all of his films).<br />I was really put off by the  way he expects women to melt (and more) in his presence.  Besides, his  teeth are way to straight to be a convincing anybody in medieval  times.<br />Sorry, but this story of Richard, his queen and first knight  misses the mark for me
B000002I2M|5.0|This, in my opinion, is the Doors most diffinitve, and brilliant album.  Every influence is shown here.  &quot;LA Woman,&quot; &quot;The Changeling,&quot; and &quot;Been Down So Long&quot; are Jim at the core of  His soul. Ray is at his musical apex (which is a summit that no other  organist has ever, or will ever reach.)  John's drumming is excellent.  His  drums create a groove deeper than most.  And Robby...his guitar slithers  like a disturbed reptile.  Unmistakeble.  An absolutely essential album.
630460291X|4.0|Kevin Costner does a good job as the returning prodigal son to find England in a political uproar, but he seemed to accepted into the outlaw's band as their leader a bit too easily.  <br />If the goal of the casting  director was to cast someone who could play the most distasteful Sherriff  of Nottingham possible, they hit the mark.  I just don't see the sherriff  that way.  In my mind he was more of a functionary under a liege lord.   <br />Where was the connection to Prince John?  Where was the nation-wide  conflict between loyal and disloyal royalty?<br />This is a good action  adventure, but not the best telling of Robin Hood around.  For an excellent  alternative try the 1991 movie &quot;Robin Hood&quot; starring Patrick  Bergin.
B000002I27|5.0|A touch more polished than their first incredible album, this album has the same feel.  Jim runs the gammut of emotions, from &quot;Moonlight Drive,&quot; to &quot;When The Music's Over.&quot;  Ray, Robbie, and John  jam like no other on this (as on every)album. A must have.
6304711891|4.0|While I award this movie only 4 stars due to the extremely unlikely plot, you have to love Sean Connery as the unjustly jailed, never tried British operative that the US govt now needs to help them divert a  catastrophy.<br />Even more excellent than Connery, however, is job done by  Cage as the chemical weapons expert.  I love it when he responds to the  jibe that he's a &quot;chemical freak&quot; by saying, &quot;No!  I'm a  chemical SUPERFREAK!&quot;  After all, if you're going to be a freak, I say  you better be a superfreak!
B000002I2I|5.0|This is the Doors from their roots up.  Showcasing a more bluesy, stripped down sound, the Doors give light unto their early musical influences, creating some of the best blues ever waxed (in my opinion.) Definately less  polished than their previous albums, but some of us can dig that.
B000002HH2|5.0|Prepare to be bjorkizied.    She is catchy in a pathologic kind of way and extremely talented in the diversity of her work.   Move over, lillith here comes something with a little more kick.
B000002I2G|3.0|A polished, even sheen sounding album, Soft Parade is the Doors at their jazziest.  Including a full horn section on certain tracks, the Doors swing like the old cats used to.  This does not detract from their unmistakeable  sound, but does add an element or two.  Robby Krieger's &quot;Runnin'  Blue&quot; is (in my opinion)the best country tune ever.  And I know.  I  live in Houston.  Anyway, the Doors do truly jam on this album, never mind  any other lascivious review you have read before.
0060977493|5.0|I would have read this book in one sitting if I had the time. It took a great act of will to put it down, and even then, the words haunted me. I took many a long lunch break to read this.<br />To the critics: yes, what the  author describes is often ugly. I think that's partly the point. But what  she does so well, so very very well, is find the sublime in even the  ugliness.<br />It reminds me of when I was a child. I could be fascinated for  hours by playing with mud, or by watching grasshoppers produce their  &quot;tobacco sauce,&quot; as we called it. Ugly things to adults. But to a  child, it can be a world of wonder.<br />And as to the much ballyhooed incest:  I'd ask you to think a bit more metaphorically. What are twins but two  halves of one whole? And what might the union between the two  represent?<br />Those who love metaphor, who love symbols, I think will love  this book. Those who favor the literal will have a harder time with it.
0440180295|4.0|This is the first book I've read by Vonnegut.  I picked it up mostly because it was there, and I had vaguely heard of it before.  Normally, I don't like stuff that talks about aliens and other planets and such.  But I  managed to overcome that prejudice here (really only a fraction of this  book is science fiction anyway).  While so much science fiction is an  escape to a false reality, this book speaks the truth about the real world.   This book is full of truths.  But you should discover them yourself.   Vonnegut has something important to say, and he says it well.  Can't ask  for much more than that.
0375707972|1.0|Although I found the premise intriguing, the main character and narrator had the appeal of a wet sweater on a hot day.  He lived his life without conviction or passion and whined about it.  The woman might have had more  life, but through his eyes was flat and unsympathetic. All in all the book  was depressing without containing any redeeming insights into human nature.   Somebody should give Oprah some upbeat, multidimensional books to read for  a change.  Or if she insists on depressing books, how about &quot;Grapes of  Wrath&quot;?
B0000042GM|5.0|A wonderful artist, excellent, modern recordings, a complete package, and cheap!  What more could you want?
6304683960|5.0|This video is absolutely fantastic. Styx is a terrific band, but I've never liked Caught in the Act. This video is 10 times better. Great performances by ALL members of the band. All the hits are covered in this  concert (over 100 minutes) and I couldn't have been more surprised by the  sound quality. The BEST.
B00000DHRX|5.0|All the songs are execellent - My favorite is the one with The Brazilian singer Asturdo Gliberto.
B000002KBH|5.0|Ignore the carping snobs of 'production values'. The Dead's live performances could be notoriously inconsistent.. this album was put together to reestablish the goup with its roots after its  experimental  phase led to a Dead end in the late 60's, something that could only be done  in a studio. By the standards of the times this is a finely produced album,  although it has patchy parts, the overall effect is tight and melodic. The  music is not meant to have the 'Wall of Sound' aspect which was in vogue in  the late 60's.. the blue grass, folk, country tunes would sound perfectly  foolish if done up like a Haydn symphony..    Sheessh.. critics!!
B000002BQK|1.0|If it were possible I would have given this no stars at all! Through this whole album mariah sounds like she just had her tonsils taken out. The I am the best in the world attidude has really got to go! To all who read this  Stay FAR FAR FAR AWAY FROM THIS cd
0312853238|5.0|Card tells a very human story, and very original also -- this is why we identify and like this book so much. Then, instead of writing a copycat sequel, he dates to do something new, and also very original, for each  sequel. Buy this book!
B00000JCB2|5.0|Sure this CD is softer than 3 Dollar Bills Y'all but it is still good. In fact I thing it's better than there debut.
6304025831|5.0|I think Casino is one of the best movies out there. This is a movie that tells it all. Lots of violence, And profanity. Witch I like in a 3 Hour Drama/Action. Also Joe Pesci showed his true acting talent in this one.
B00000JCOV|1.0|I wish I could give this CD zero stars. This CD defines what's wrong with our society. Our children are listening to angry, hell-spawned garbage like this while we sit and wonder why tragedies are committed by our young  people. This is nothing but pure trash.
B00000JCB2|2.0|I heard Nookie on Mtv and really liked it.  I bought the CD and hoped that I would find at least another good song.  I was really wrong.  All I heard was the F-word and every other cuss used in every other sentence.  The  lyrics are  TERRIBLE, execpt for Nookie.  Hopefully they'll do better.  If  I were you, listen to it on the radio but skip the CD.
B00000J2KT|5.0|Look, all these people going on about how it's not letterboxed and that's the only way to see it don't know what they're talking about. Kubrick used a a film stock (as Scorcese did with Age of Innocence) that has lines that  show the director what the widescreen dimensions are, but is not a  widescreen format, like, say, Panavision. What Kubrick has done in asking  MGM to release the DVD full screen is to present the entire picture he saw  through the viewfinder. This is NOT pan-and-scan. Very little information  is lost on the sides, and a great deal is added to top and bottom--if  anything the staging is more attractive this way. For example during one  training scene, the DI is way off to the right and a flag is foreground  before the trainees. In the theater, you saw only half the flag--here you  see the DI, the flag, everything in a perfectly composed picture. The film  itself is great, but to really appreciate it's power as part of Kubrick's  ouevre you must also see Paths of Glory (which is an emotional as Full  Metal is cool) which also ends with the face of a young woman and a lot of  soldiers looking at her (to completely different effect) and Clockwork  Orange, which sets the stage for the theme of men as killing machines and  the danger of trying to control them. The sound is mono, but very vivid.  Also Vincent D'Onofrio is totally brilliant.
B0000047CX|5.0|The Latin Bosa Nova was a wonderful period of time in music and it's amazing how Latin Jazz is now so popular and a revival of sorts.  This particular CD has had a comeback as well as being played on local jazz  stations here in Boston. Being hooked on jazz for years my husband now  listens, this is one of his favorite CD selections.The combination of Getz  &amp; Astrid is great-two extremely talented musicians.
B000001Y16|5.0|Before I say anything. 2pac aint dead because I got on of the boot-leg Makaveli's and on this one song he raps wit this group called OFTB and the dude from the group says 1997 and &quot;Shug got sack, everybody in the  industry knows that&quot; I'm forreal. But this cd is tight dawgs, pick it  up.
B00000JG4N|5.0|In addition to the songs on the original album, the Dr. Feelgood remastered version has demos for Dr. Feelgood, Without You, Kickstart My Heart and an unrealesed song called Get it For Free.  The Dr. Feelgood demo  is good because it has totally different words (which are unintelligible  for the most part) and Vince's vocals are real raw. The Without You demo is  a throwaway..nothing interesting. However, the Kickstart My Heart demo is  great and funny.  It has the big &quot;ooooh yeah&quot; stuff in it that  sounds like doo-whop.  Get It For Free is not bad...it could have easily  been on the album instead of Sticky Sweet or Rattlesnake Shake.  I know  that Dr. Feelgood was their biggest album, but it also has the most filler  material in my opinion. I just wish they would have made a video back in  1989 for my favorite song on the album - She Goes Down. The possibilities  for a great video of that song would have been endless.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This is a very well-done, awesome CD!  It is not quite as &quot;punk rock&quot; as their previous release &quot;Dude Ranch,&quot; but it is still very awesome.  The best tracks are &quot;Dumpweed,&quot; &quot;Aliens  Exist,&quot; &quot;Going Away to College,&quot; and &quot;What's My Age  Again?&quot;  I urge everyone who enjoys punk rock to buy this CD.  If you  don't like punk rock, buy it anyway for a wake-up call.  You won't regret  it.
B00000JG4N|5.0|I am pretty pleased with the remastered version of this album. In addition to all the greats on the original album, it has demos of Girls, Girls, Girls and Wild Side with no vocals. And, it is really pretty cool to just  here instrumental versions of the Crue jamming...hell, they aren't a bad  band!  And, the Girls, Girls, Girls demo track intro has Tom Werman  (producer) talking to the guys. Again, we are not talking Beatles Anthology  George Martin-John Lennon-Paul McCartney at Abbey Road studios here, but it  is ok for what it is. It also has an unreleased song called Rodeo which is  definitely the best of the unreleased songs from the post-Too Fast For Love  days. Rodeo is a big ballad with stupid lyrics about &quot;living life on  the road&quot; and &quot;living like a rolling stone&quot;, etc. Great  stuff.  It would have been a smash, but Nikki says in the liner notes that  they didn't want too many slow songs out. Good idea Nikki, stay close to  the streets.  Now, you are going to laugh, but the demo of Nona is actually  pretty cool. It has a big fast jamming guitar part in it and no vocals. So,  if you are a die hard Crue fan, you may find this new version of this album  worth having.
6305074364|5.0|Misery is one of the greatest movies of all time!!! This movie is an edge of your seat thriller! Kathy Bates makes this movie really come to life!! At first see seems so nice and loving then things take a twisted change!  She is an outstanding actress!! The way her personality changes so rapidly  is mesmerizing! If you haven't seen Misery yet you must see it now!!!!!
6302719631|5.0|The film makers used their talents of putting a new perspective on the whole world of Jane Austen. To Limit her works to simply the time and place they came from can at times be a stifling media for a film producer who  actually wants to be more creative with the film media rather than simply  telling a story.
6304366086|4.0|As a young boy I had a 8 track tape of the sound track for Grand Prix. I remember listening to it and could picture what was happening in the movie, even though I did not see the movie until recently. But after watching it  and listening to the background music my early thoughts were right on. It's  a excellent movie, which I now own. Too bad somebody does not have the  sound track on C.D.
6304056958|5.0|This movie had something like 139 women in it.  There are absolutely no men.  The art objects are all of women.  Even the animals are female.  Somehow, with all those lovely ladies (i.e. Joan Crawford, Norma Shearer,  Joan Fontaine, Paulette Goddard), Rosalind Russell just walks off with the  movie.  Roz is hilarious.  She talks 90 miles a minute, and turns in a  brilliant comedic turn.  Favorite moment--Roz falling out of the closet  covered in accessories.  Wonderful!!!
0440539811|5.0|This book was the key that unlocked doors in my mind that I didn't even know where there.  It's intimidating in lenght but you'll be surprised when its over.  Highly recomended mental aerobics.
0380789019|5.0|A brilliant and totally involving tale of a young man whose comfortable life in modern London is turned upside down and inside out--funny, surprising, fascinating--the best fantasy I've read since &quot;The Last  Unicorn.&quot;
B000002UBU|4.0|Hi- I remember American Pie during the 70's and every lyric in that song held some significance.  Does anyone remember the special meanings??  I would like to show them to my teenager!! Thank You, P9355
B000002U82|5.0|In this release Pink Floyd expresses the essence of the '70's era. the music is a collage of the mixed emotions of that time, i.e. Money and Breathe. The tracks laid down on this piece are, argueably, some of the  most stirring of the age. I personaly have owned over a dozen copies of  this release, wearing each one into smooth vinal. I cannot think of this  time without having Dark Side of the Moon as a sound track. I encourage  everyone to own this release at least once in their lives, who knows you  might just be a better person because of it.
0451151224|5.0|If you have ever wanted to read a book purely for the sake of enjoyment, then &quot;The Running Man&quot; is definately for you. Written by King in his early days, this work displays all of the author's talents outside of  those involving horror to create a story that is impossible to put down,  and prone to numerous re-readings, especially because of its size (just  over 200 pp).  Just to warn you, this book has NOTHING to do with the  motion picture that starred good 'ol Arnold quite a few years back. If the  movie did have anything to do with this book,...well, let's just say that  it would have been much, much better. The story revolves around one of  King's simplest but best literaty characters, Ben Richards, who exists in a  futuristic world of disease, capitalism and the all-important  &quot;free-vee&quot; that has brainwashed the planet and caused massive  seperation in the classes. In order to save his wife and young daughter  from a terrible fate, Richards enters the free-vee's most popular  game-show, The Running Man, where he voluntarily becomes the most wanted  man on earth in order to survive 30 days and receive his billion dollar  prize. ANYBODY is capable of turing him in, and trust me, this element  alone adds to the story in such a way that causes the pace becomes frantic  and the excitement to reach a fever-pitch numerous times throughout the  story. Whether or not you a King fan, this book is a DEFINATE MUST-READ. If  you want to read a book for yourself and just for kicks, than look no  further. Read &quot;The Running Man!&quot;
B000002I53|5.0|FORMIDABLE!  Coltrane at his best.  If this album doesn't blow you away (especially &quot;My Favorite Things,&quot; and &quot;Summertime,&quot;) you're hopeless.
B00000JCOV|3.0|Slipknot have great ideas musically, don't get me wrong. The riffing is great and more original than most newer bands out there. Then . . . the vocals start. . . . and then the band just turns into a sped-up Korn  knockoff. Corey Taylor has Jon Davis' screams and whines down verbatim and  it just really takes away from the music. My advice to them would be to  lose the Korn imitation and try singing, because musically, this band could  do great things.
B000005H7D|5.0|Let's hear it for enhanced cds.  Not only is the music as timeless as ever, but here we get interviews (fascinating stuff from Rudy van Gelder), photos, and best of all, a clip from a performance of &quot;So What&quot;  with Miles Davis.  Wonderful stuff.  Essential for every home. Jason  Rosenfeld
B0000025ZF|5.0|Forget about Pink for a moment and listen to this album...oops CD. It flows beautifully. This is the key to unlocking Pros &amp; Cons. Roger sings from his heart (more than ever before, in my opinion), while Clapton  gets down to his blues roots with some of the most bittersweet and poignant  quitar that I've ever heard (more poignant than George's aclaimed ballad,  lol). This is one not to be missed, but beware. It takes time to appreciate  it, and even the most diehard PF fans will be hard pressed to like it on  the first listen. If you liked Animals, the Final Cut, and Amused to Death,  you will certainly like this one. Listen to it in your car, alone, on an  hour roadtrip. Then listen to it again on your way home. You will not be  disappointed. Rock on Roger...
B000009PNY|1.0|I love Depeche Mode, so I was really psyched to get this album.  I totally dig the Pumpkins and especially the Cure - so that further motivated me to buy it.  Well, about the only good covers were by the Smashing Pumpkins and  The Cure, and they weren't even that great in the first place.  The rest -  no offense to any of the bands - sucked.  My advice: skip this thing and  buy actual DM CD's (especially both singles albums: 81-85 &amp; 86-98 -  both excellent).  (while you're at it I also recommend the Cure Galore and  the Cure: Staring at the Sea) Overall, I was majorly bummed with this  &quot;tribute&quot;, and Im ashamed to even give it 1 star because it is  awful.
0812550757|5.0|Someone should go through this list of reviews and pare, no, chop it down to a reasonable amount.  Get rid of the 60 trite reviews that all say the same thing, so that truly interested readers can read the intelligent and  thought-provoking reviews that should help the readers enjoy the novel more  even after reading it
0517122707|5.0|I first stumbled across this fabulous work on a sale table at the bookstore where I worked.  With a 50 cent pricetag and a dustjacket adorned by a rotund, hat wearing, misfit, I figured, what the hell.  Having filled  out the proper form to deduct the ducat from my pay, I proceeded to fall in  love with a city (New Orleans), a mother (Irene), a policeman (Frank) and a  whole host of characters that lept from the pages into my life.  But most  of all, I fell in love with Ignatius.  From the opening salvo on Canal St  to the final...well you read the book to find out...you are immediately  drawn into a world that is simultaneously happy and sad, light and  pathetic, soothing, yet disturbing.  This is a book that, at first, holds  you, then hugs you, then tightens its grip until it will not let go.  If  you want to journey on a voyage of wide ranging, deep emotions.  If you  want to know others for who they really are.  If you want to know yourself  for who you really are.  And, if you want to have about a thousand laughs  along the way.  Read Confederacy of Dunces.  Nothing else comes close
0684852756|2.0|I loved Kureishi's &quot;Buddha of Suburbia&quot; and enjoyed &quot;the Black Album&quot; but &quot;Intimacy&quot; failed to leave any lasting impression on this reader. Other readers praise the book as offering some  great insight into the male psyche, yet, as a male I found it hard to  relate to the novel's self-indulgent narrator. I want to state, for the  record, that not all men feel they'd drown their wives and children for the  sake of great sex. &quot;Intimacy&quot; is however a somewhat compelling  book and Kureishi is definitely a wordsmith. Read &quot;Buddha&quot; way  before you go for &quot;Intimacy&quot;.
0553108034|5.0|First of all, I'd like to point out that my rating is four and a half stars.  I _loved_ A Game of Thrones; in my opinion, it's one of the best fantasies written in a long time (for those interested, see my review of  AGoT from January, 1999).  ACoK is even darker than the already dark Game,  but it carries on the story in a tight, well-paced direction.  The plot  thickens substantially, and the chapters specifically related to Tyrion  Lannister (arguably the coolest character in the series) are incredibly  well-written!  The only gripe I have with George's second installment is  the lack of closure.  I certainly understand that this is a middle book in  a six volume series, but it still ended a bit too abruptly for my taste.   Still, it is a masterful addition to one of the best fantasy worlds created  in a long time.<br />For those who have criticized Martin for the profanity  and graphic violence portrayed in his novels, I will say his series is not  for the squeamish or easily offended.  For those who have tough hides, it's  definitely worth your time.  The profanity is not excessive.  Many people  swear; you can't avoid it.  So some of George's characters use strong  language too; however, this is realistic to their personalities!  Martin  doesn't use these words to shock, but to simply strengthen the realistic  nature of some of his characters.<br />The violence is harsh, yes, but I think  it is also necessary to the plot.  The land of Westeros is _brutal_.  Many  of the central characters are _not_ nice people.  Let's face it.  A  realistic world is not all fun and games.  Bad things happen.  Those who  want happy endings should read Cinderella.  Those who want a gritty,  realistic fantasy should read George R.R. Martin.<br />One last comment I want  to make is directed to George.  I read one of your latest interviews in  which you name Tyrion Lannister a villain.  I beg to differ.  Tyrion is the  _hero_ of the series.  Sure, he may be on the wrong side for the time  being, but he is a just person.  Give him the credit he's due.  If nothing  else, call him an anti-hero.  In the end, I think the Imp will be the most  remembered character of the series.<br />One last plug.  I suggest all fans of  Martin read his short story, &quot;The Hedge Knight,&quot; which can be  found in a fantasy compilation of short stories called _Legends_.  It's set  in the same world as AGoT, and its characters are some of my favorites.  If  you're reading this, George, write a prequel novel about Dunk and Egg! :-)
0345389409|5.0|Memnoch the Devil is my favorite book of Anne Rice's Vampire series. Imagine the hell's angel Lestat gets to meet God?! We expect him to conspire with the devil, but not Jesus. As usual Rice's historical research  is impeccable. I have read this book five times!
B000002UAI|5.0|Routinely named as the Beatles' worst album, this is in fact one of my favorites, and I believe one of their best.  The Beatles put aside the sound of their first three albums and instead go for a sort of country-rock  sound, a few years before Buffalo Springfield, the Byrds, and Dylan do it.   How can you go wrong with an album that includes &quot;No Reply&quot;,  &quot;I'm A Loser&quot;, &quot;Eight Days A Week&quot;, &quot;I Don't Want  To Spoil The Party&quot; and &quot;What You're Doing&quot;?  The covers are  more numerous and not as good as on other albums, perhaps, but hey,  &quot;Rock and Roll Music&quot; and &quot;Words Of Love&quot; do it for me.   Give this album a chance!
B000002N2P|5.0|This was my third green day cd( my first two being dookie and nimrod) and after listining to this cd a couple of times I now think of it as my favorite green day cd. it is a little better than dookie and a lot better  than nimrod. The guitars seem angrier than dookie. There isnt a bad song  here, and the poster is pretty cool. id give it a hundred stars if i could!
B000003NA4|5.0|Warm, sultry, romantic songs mixed with jazzy entertaining songs.  Never boring, a great mix.  Diana's voice is amazing. Smooth as silk, but edgy enough for the songs that need it. It's made a jazz lover out of me.   Different from the Nat King Cole remakes, but just as entertaining, and  perfect for a romantic evening at home or anytime. One of my favorites, it  never leaves the CD Player at home, with second copies in the car for that  maddening drive home.
0767802659|1.0|This prehensile movie is a discrace to its wonderful lineage
B00000JG4N|5.0|This album is outstanding. When Motley Crue is finished with the Greatest Hits Tour, they should come out with something this fantastic.  Get Tommy Lee back in the band!
B00000I2TC|4.0|I clearly remember the day that I had to admit to myself that I actually liked WHAM!.  Now, 15 years later with the dawn of this collection I regret nothing.  Do you hear me?  Nothing.  George Michael belongs to that spare  club of musicians that survived the demise of their 80's band counterparts  (another would be Sting) although one could argue that George Michael was  WHAM!, to survive in Pop without a marketable logo is still a feat.  Perhaps it is his ability to infuse the otherwise dispensable medium of  Dance-Pop with a combination of playful sexuality and genuine pathos not  found in the usual fare.  Sure, his voice is amazing and flawless but his  songwriting and producing (he does his own) are also inventive and  fresh/non-formulaic.  From the moment he took the stage with Elton John at  Live Aid in '85, George Michael has dug in his heels for the long haul.  Even his moral experiment &quot;Listen without Prejudice Vol. I&quot;  sounds legitimate on return listenings and prefigures Prince's more-lauded  biz rebellion by several years.<br />This budget-priced collection has all the  GM that you need.  Almost.  One regret is that the alternate version (Pt.  II) of  the definitive GM track &quot;I Want Your Sex&quot; is included  here instead of the superior original cut.  &quot;I Knew You Were Waiting  (For Me)&quot;, the Aretha Franklin duet, is superfluous and lacks the  characteristics (not written or produced by GM) that illuminate his songs  above his Pop peers.  Other disappointments are cosmetic and subtle, for  instance, the opening string motif and classical guitar solo are mixed-out  of &quot;A Different Corner&quot; (?).  Still, this is the collection to  get.  If you're smart you can fill in the gaps with vinyl.
0451160916|5.0|I first read this book at age 10 and could hardly sleep for 3 days.  I have re-read it many times since, and I am glad to report that it is still as frightening to the adult as it was for the child.  This book teems with  terrifying images and situations which I won't describe so as not to spoil  the suspense.  This was what scared me as a child.  What scares the adult  on top of this is the emotional collapse of Jack Torrance and his descent  into madness.  The relationships in the family triad are brilliantly  depicted.  This is a novel about the horrors of alcoholism, insanity, and  child abuse, which are of course only compounded by the supernatural evil  these characters become enmeshed in.  This is my favorite King novel and I  would really like to know what happened to Danny Torrance when he reached  adulthood!
080018789X|2.0|When I saw Jerry Maguire, I was in a word, disappointed.  The plot was weak and, as were the characters.  The one positive part of the movie was the comic relief provided by the little boy.
6303566448|5.0|This has become one of my favorite cult classic    films of all time.Sure it&quot;s a severed head giving  a little tongue to Barbie Crampton,thats only part of the fun.Dead cats coming to life,exploding guts,great fun.I  need the widescreen version
6303039456|5.0|I know what it was like for my family to watch the Jamaican Bobsled team in Calgary in '88. And watching this movie brings back the pride and the memories of that time. Also it was nice to add a touch of humor to it :)  This film is a must see and it truly is and inspirational film. It makes  you realize that you can accomplish anything if you put your heart, mind  and soul into it!
B0000047CX|5.0|Being a Brazilian 30-year-old music addict, Bossa Nova is surely among my late night soundtracks for good companionship.  When it meets a cool a soft jazz performance, it becomes THE companionship itself.  The very first time  I heard this perfect match, Getz, Gilberto and Jobim, I wanted to remain  silent, speechless,  but a sigh of plain emotion came out of my soul.   Their music involves, heats, touches, embraces whoever has a heart.   Obligatory music!  Obligatory emotion!
B000001ESP|5.0|i want good service from
6305137293|2.0|The only reason that I gave this two stars is because it is cool how it starts on the same night. <br />In this film - he kills people who aren't even in his way of getting to Curtis. WHAT!?!<br />Explicitly bloody. I get queezy  when I watch this. Scalpels give me the heebie jeebies.<br />Lame, gory, and  contradictory (see a review below).
0871137380|5.0|I read this powerful book over the 4th of July and could not put it down. It reads like a true-life Saving Private Ryan and brought tears to my eyes. All of the extremeness of war is here-horror, bravery, honor, confusion,  sacrifice, camaraderie and even humor. The coffee clerk becomes a fighting  machine! It is meticulously researched and reminds the reader what our men  and women in the armed services do for us with too often little  appreciation. I would make this book required reading for political  do-gooders who are eager to have American soldiers lead third world  countries into democratic prosperity.<br />There are few books that go into  the actual workings of the Delta Force and this book can now be added to  their mystique. Delta Force by Charlie Beckwith and The Commandos: The  Inside Story of America's Secret Soldiers  by Douglas C. Waller are other  books that readers might enjoy. The \\"D-boys\\" come across as everything we  would hope and expect from our elite soldiers-cocky, able, and willing to  do whatever it takes to get the mission accomplished while taking care of  every man on the field. The fact that one of the wifes' of a dead  \\"operator\\" believed that her husband was in telecommunications demonstrates  the level of integrity (and yes, even humility in civilian life) of these  men.<br />Since the ending is probably known to most readers who follow world  events, I would suggest that they start with the epilogue first to get the  political history and background. The book sadly shows that President  Clinton does not know the meaning of the word \\"honor\\" and had no concept of  what the soldiers died for in Somalia when he immediately cancelled their  mission after this battle. The book reiterates that the objective of the  mission was successfully accomplished. President Clinton dishonored the men  who fought and died in this battle by removing all forces soon afterwards  and returning all prisoners within several months making their victory anddeaths sadly in vain. (The father of a dead soldier tells Clinton that he  is not fit to be Commander in Chief, long before Monica). The Somalia of  today is due to Clinton withdrawing after the first touch of heat.<br />My  only criticism-the pictures and maps are in different places in the book.  When this is printed in paperback I would hope that all the maps are in the  front and all the pictures in the middle.
068484267X|5.0|This book is a fascinating story excellently written. Though I would not presume to know McCourt's primary objective in writing this book, my journey into his world left me ohsovery grateful for food, indoor plumbing,  and electricity.  I am also extremely grateful to have grown up in an  environment of religious freedom (if not tolerance).  Buy this book.
B00000J2KX|3.0|I just bought a DVD player and made &quot;The Shining&quot; one of my first titles. While I am still very impressed by the vast improved picture and sound quality over VHS, I was a bit disappointed that it was in pan and  scan format. This is the kind of movie that letterboxing was designed for.  &quot;The Making of The Shining&quot; has some interesting highlights but  one must wonder why Kubrick himself   wasn't interviewed like Nicholsen and  Shelley Duvall. I realize that he is a bit reclusive, but did appear on it  so he obviously wasn't against being seen on camera.
6304697961|5.0|I would have to say that this is one of the best horror films to date. Plenty of scares and you feel it more than you see it. Be prepared to get paranoid!<br />The only &quot;sequel&quot; is Halloween H20. All of the others  are pointless and explicitly bloody.<br />Enjoy.
B000002KBU|5.0|This is simply the best contemporary album of all time. Its songs, its production, its artistry are flawless. The absolute &quot;must have&quot; for anyone who loves music.
0767903811|3.0|I share some similarities with Mr. Bryson because I, too, left the United States as a young(ish) adult to live in England, returning with my British spouse and children in 1993 after 12 years abroad.  I settled in London,  rather than Yorkshire, and thus had continuous access to the more  cosmopolitan nature of that city and the presence of a large American  community with which I affiliated.  Nevertheless, I was able to emphathize  with much of what Mr. Bryson wrote in &quot;Notes From a Small  Island,&quot; which I thought was both insightful and uproariously funny.   &quot;I'm a Stranger Here Myself&quot; does not rise to the level of  &quot;Small Island.&quot;  The sad thing is, it could have done.  The  author is candid in his preface that the contents of this book mainly  comprise a series of newspaper columns originally written for the amusement  and edification of a British audience and are presented with only editorial  revisions and deletions.  As such, to my mind, the pieces just didn't hang  together and never lost their &quot;deadline&quot; feeling.  There was  always a sense of word conservation and the contents largely lacked any  real development and depth.  Most of Mr. Bryson's observations, while  amusing and often well put, are similar to ones that virtually all of us  have had on one occasion or another.  I truly don't think that any group,  overall, is more capable of laughing at themselves than are Americans -- in  fact, I think this is a national characteristic largely lacking in the  British.  Additionally, the pieces often felt incomplete, as though the  author was forced to cut off his train of thought to fit the column space  available regardless of how energetically his creative juices were flowing  at the time.  A few pieces were equally UN-inspired and obviously forced.   Finally, there was no real continuity of thought or subject matter from  essay to essay.  Given the freedom of a book format, Mr. Bryson should have  tried to relate and combine similar topics, possibly even taking the best  of them and expanding their contents rather than simply tossing every  article in willy-nilly.  Nevertheless, this book is worth having simply to  dip into on a lazy afternoon and chuckle over.  I would actually give it a  3 1/2.
B00000IL1K|4.0|I liked EDEN a lot, and I am a longtime fan of Sarah's ever since I saw her in the London production of THE PHANTOM OF THE OPERA.  This CD mixes her approach from DIVE (sugary pop) with her TIME TO SAY GOODBYE (sugary  opera).  The result is a mixed bag for me.  I like the pop tunes a little  better than the opera this time out if only because they sound more  personal.  Her voice is really not that strong, and you can find other  opera singers who can belt out an aria probably with a little more  substance and artistry.  What Sarah offers is a unique fragile voice that  is truly haunting.  She is almost a classical version of Karen Carpenter.  That is not a bad thing!  I like her take on the TITANIC theme, but  somebody probably should have stopped her from redoing DUST IN THE WIND.  The best parts of this album come from the pop efforts like ONLY AN OCEAN  AWAY, EDEN, and ANYTIME ANYWHERE.  She sounds great on these tracks!  You  will enjoy the CD, though I would reccommend TIME TO SAY GOODBYE as a  better classical album and THE FLY or DIVE as a better pop music album.
B00000JCB2|4.0|This is the first &quot;Rock&quot; album I bought since Living Color's &quot;Stain&quot; 5+ years ago.<br />I have to agree with &quot;rogers.andrew@hq.navy.mil&quot; though, the album starts out hard  that I have to forward to &quot;No Sex&quot;, &quot;In 2 Together Now&quot;  and &quot;I'm Broke&quot;. <br />The other tracks seemed like they were not  well thought out...
B00000JPH5|5.0|A new generation of kids have discovered Labyrinth.  They find it just as enchanting as I did when I was young.  Watch it again if its been awhile since you have last veiwed it.  You  will be glad that you did.
1878574590|5.0|...that there is one fine book you're reading
B000002URV|2.0|I honestly thought this cd would be better.  I was expecting this to be great, but I was very disappointed.  This is not a very good Enigma cd.  It is dull and monotonous.  It's good at first, but it gets boring towards the  end.  Check out Enigma's other cd's.  They are much better.
0380796090|5.0|Great fun. I couldn't stop until I finished in one late night marathon reading session. Even now the characters are still carrying on their futures in my imagination. The quintessential lazy summer read -- granted  at times predictable but always engaginging and witty. The only problem --  now I want more. And since Marian Keyes' other books aren't readily  available in US bookstores or libraries yet I'm forced to actually consider  paying hardcover prices to have paperback copies shipped over from the UK.  .the fact that I'm even considering this speaks  volumes of her entertaining story. Can't wait to read more about the quirky  sisters.
B0000028RR|5.0|What more could you ask for? They have it all, powerful lyrics, awesome guitar solos, and the coolest beats on any CD, if u don't have this CD then you haven't heard the coolest Music ever.
B0000019PA|2.0|I've just purchased &quot;In The Aeroplane...&quot; and must confess to more than a little disappointment.  Jeff Mangum's vocals are so out of tune on many (most? - all?) of the tracks that attention is diverted from what  seems to be a fine batch of catchy, adventurous, eccentric Southern pop  tunes.  So, while that opinion has been formed solely on the basis of a  single listening, and thus is subject to change, I must admit to a strong  preference for The Apples (in stereo)'s comparatively well-sung &quot;Tone  Soul Evolution&quot;
B00000BKDS|4.0|First off, to Mark Blake, the guy with the review at the beginning above...you are obviously not a metal fan. Piece of Mind &quot;treads water&quot;?????? Yeah right. That's the most innaccurate statements I've  ever heard. Arguably every song on Piece of Mind is a ferocious rocker.  Where Eagles Dare, Flight of Icarus, Die with your Boots on, The Trooper,  Quest for Fire...oh yeah, those songs tread water. Moron. This first Maiden  album is great too. Different sound. DiAnno is much more raw, and with far  less vocal range than Bruce (one of the best singers in all of metal.) But  there are some truly classic tunes on this, and, as you'll find throughout  the entire Maiden catalog, fantastic guitar. You need every Maiden album  (except the Blaze stuff) if you're a true fan of metal. Hail the  reunion!!!!!
B000002AHM|5.0|This is a truely amazing record, moreso because of the fact that it can't help be compared to the dreadful &quot;3 Tenors&quot; sellout. The thing about this oh so special night in San Fran' is that it should be awful.  Three massively talented musicians, no doubt egos bursting at the seams,  come together on one stage.......we've seen it many times before and it  almost always ends in an inevitable exercise in oneupmanship. This however  is pure gold. Each note and phrase is there because it is needed. I still  haven't figured it out but these three manage to defy both logic and  statistics. There are very, very few records I would say this about but the  world is a better place for it's existence.
6304711921|5.0|It's beyond my comprehension that someone would actually pick Grease over Tim Burton and Danny Elfman.  Nightmare is a great original piece of film.
B00000IMTH|5.0|This is by far the best album Rainbow ever put out. This is the classic Blackmore, Dio, and Powell line-up. This album is as good as any hard rock release of the '70s. Gates of Babylon speaks for itself. There is not one  bad track here. Lady of the Lake, Kill the King, L.A. Connection, etc. A  must for all fans of Ritchie Blackmore's Rainbow. This album is very  powerful and hard hitting. The performances are top notch. I got hooked the  first time I heard this album. Bye it!
0684867621|2.0|A good surface plot but nothing underneath. I kept thinking that with every page turn something new and exciting would happen but it was the same thing ... bugs, dark, rain etc... Definetly not one of King's best.
B000002GDJ|4.0|'Ahhh, Grasshopper. The record cover is indeed a strange and misnamed thing: for verily it reveals more than it covers.' That's what my old Shaolin master used to say back at the monastery, and boy was he right. You  only have to glance at the unsmiling faces of Messrs. Sumner, Summers and  Copeland (shot in equally serious black-and-white) to realise that the  contents of 'Regatta de Blanc' are going to be neither bright nor  breezy.<br />The radio-friendly opener 'Message in a Bottle' throws you off  for a while, but thankfully it's mainly pessimism from there on in. The  core of this album is brilliant, dark songs like 'Bring  on the Night',  'Does Everyone Stare', 'Deathwish', 'Contact' and 'The Bed's Too Big  Without You'. The playing is sparse and Sting's voice as subdued as the  music. Sandwiched around these are the classic 'Walking on the Moon, the  goofy 'On Any Other Day' (which I quite like, but no-one else this side of  Betelgeuse cares for) and the unremarkable 'It's Alright For You' and 'No  Time This Time'. The title track is musically interesting and has the merit  of not having too many lyrics to memorise (sing along, now: 'ee-yoh,  ee-yeh, ee-yeh-yoh'). <br />Mind you, even my old Shaolin monk couldn't tell  me what the hell the album's title means (not to mention 'Zenyatta  Mondatta' or 'Outlandos D'Amour'). I can just see it now on Letterman:   'TOP TEN REJECTED NAMES FOR THE POLICE'S FIRST THREE ALBUMS. No. 10:  Achtung Der Chihuahua... No. 9: Eau d'Tourette... Anyway, this is an album  that I feel deserves a wider audience (and maybe even an Amazon.com  review?)
0684867621|1.0|The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon is without doubt a failure.  The 10 year old girls and boys who read it might find it enjoyable; however, in my opinion, it wasn't worth the paper it was written on.  Give me a refund!!!
B000002LKF|4.0|I must admit that it took me a while to get into 'The Rhythm of the Saints' (beyond, that is, the immediately catchy 'Obvious Child'). But take the trouble, and you'll find that this album is delicate, haunting and  richly atmospheric - more lyrically reflective and yet more profound than  the more celebrated 'Graceland'. My favourite tracks are 'The Coast' which  combines a shimmering guitar riff and soaring voices to great effect. I  also like 'Born at the Right Time', with its understated lyrics and quiet  affirmation that we all deserve a place on this overcrowded Earth; after  all, every birth is the birth of new hope for the world: 'Never been lonely  / never been lied to / never had to scuffle with fear / nothing denied to /  born at the instant / the church bells chimed / the whole world whispering  / born at the right time.' Other strong tracks are 'Proof', which wouldn't  have sounded out of place on 'Graceland', and 'The Cool Cool River'. But  this is an album that relies more on its cumulative effect than on a few  standout tracks. So do check it out and give it time to sink in.  After a  few spins, you might actually start preferring 'Rhythm of the Saints' over  its illustrious predecessor.     <br />I'm still waiting for Paul Simon to  turn up in this part of the world to book a studio and a  few crack gamelan  musicians. But first, look out for 'Nanook of the Mid-West', an album that  combines traditional Inuit rhythms with bluegrass fiddles and on which Paul  blows a mean whalebone flute...
0790701251|4.0|In viewing Full Metal Jacket I realized two things.1. I'm glad I went to the Air Force, and 2.  Lee Ermey's depiction of Basic Training on Parris Island is unbelievable. I was captivated by the first part of this film.  Kubrick has a way of pulling you into the screen and making you a part of  the action. From the Private's getting their hair scalped to the incident  in &quot;the head&quot;, Stanley Kubrick 's attention to detail is  unmatched.     The second part of the movie failed in comparison. Overall I  felt is was a good movie with a few great performances. Matthew Modine as  Private Joker, Vincent D'nofrio as Private Pyle, and most of all, Lee Ermey  as the D.I. The first part was so powerful and superbly acted there's no  wonder there was a letdown in the second half.  For someone who has not  seen this movie, I would recommend the movie for the basic training portion  of the movie alone.
6305372411|1.0|I lived during this time, and I well remember the excitement of watching the space program at that time. Alas, I can't get that excitement back from watching this otherwise excellent series. Why? Because I'm deaf, and  because HBO, even though it spent oodles of money on producing this series,  continued its long-time habit of ignoring deaf audiences and didn't spend  the extra pittance to provide closed captions on these videos. About 3  million Americans are getting shut out of Hank's loving tribute to Project  Apollo because of this short-sighted attitude on HBO's part. If you care  about those things, please write to HBO and express your indignation, and  maybe, just maybe, HBO will see fit to close-caption this great series on  its next reissue, opening it up to a greater audience.
6300181340|2.0|This movie was not my kind of movie. I like horror films, but this movie didn't seem like a hrror film. It was more of a drama. I'm sure people from 1963 liked it. The special effects of the movie were pretty cool, like how  the birds acted so crazly and how all different kinds of birds were  surrounding the characters. I wondered how that was done. One thing that  was really missing from the movie was music. In a horror film there has to  be music or the movie is less interesting and less suspenseful. The ending  of the movie upset me because Hitchcock didn't tell why the birds acted so  crazly or what they were after. I like endings where there is a conclusion.  Everything is explained such as who did what and why. The movie needed some  more action, it was too dull.
B0000060NF|5.0|On What's Going On, Marvin Gaye makes an intensely personal statement on three levels, as a black man living in America, as a Christian, and as an anti-war activist. The result is an incredibly beautiful and melancholy  album, full of love and hope and a touch of sadness. One of the all time  greatest soul albums.
6300181340|3.0|The movie &quot;The Birds&quot;, by Alfred Hitchcock is good for being made in the sixties. The movie could be made a little better in some areas. When Melanie is crossing the bay, and the camera shows her,the background  isn't going with her strokes and it seams unrealistic. All around, I feel  it's a good movie.  The special effects in the movie could have been  improved. There should have been music parts where the birds attacked, it  would have made it more interesting. As I said before the background in  many places did not keep up with the characters. However, when Hitchcock  got the birds to attack, the special effects rate
B00000JCB2|5.0|Just like most people, I heard faith and then nookie, and thought this band is pretty good.  So I went to the show in Dallas, IT ROCKED MY WORLD!! After that I bought both CD's.  Every rock fan should own them, and every  fan should see them live before they die!
6300181340|4.0|In my opinion The Birds was a very god movie for it's time. I found it interesting that there was no sound track. I like that because it allows you to make up the music in your head.  Keep in mind that this film was  made in 1963, so there is no way that you can compare it to the movies of  today. Hitchcock had decent special effects, like the scene in the bird  shop. I would like to know how they did that. The ending fits the film  because both it and the film itself make you use your imagenation. Like I  said earlier, there is no music which adds up to the suspence. Also there  wasn't an ending so you had to use your imagenation to create what you  tought would happen.
6303332609|5.0|This is one of the most amusing sci-fi/horror movies I've ever seen! The effects are great for such a low budget and the Klowns have character! I have to say, this movie wouldn't be the same without John Vernon. He is  perfect as the \\"bad cop\\". This one is fun to sit back with some  buddies and chill with. Watch out for the popcorn though...Hey, has anybody  seen a copy without the spanish subtitles?<br /><br />UPDATE (6-28-13): Well, well, well...whoopty de do! It seems MGM, owners of the rights to the film, have FINALLY put it out on Blu-ray! Well, actually it was a bit ago and I'm just now getting around to updating this (life does tend to come first, I'm afraid). Anyway, if you're looking for the non-subtitled version, in WIDESCREEN (!!!!) with the most amazing picture possible, then waste no more time! Go grab one up right here on Amazon!!<br /><br />Here you go...I've done the work for you:<br /><br />[[ASIN:B008MU8ZNO Killer Klowns From Outer Space [Blu-ray]]]<br /><br />No need to thank me...just the Chiodo Brothers for making this wonderful gem and MGM for remastering it in HD (something I never thought I'd see in my lifetime).
6300181340|3.0|In my own way, I thought &quot;The Birds&quot; was a pretty good movie overall.  In 1963, Alfred Hitchcock made this movie to be a horror film, but now in 1999 &quot;The Birds&quot; movie was kind of funny in a way, I  thought.       The special effects of the movie &quot;The Birds&quot; were  great for the 1960's.  I thought Tippi Hedren, who played Melanie Daniels,  was a very weak actress in this movie especially when, towards the end, she  was being attacked by the birds because she didn't scream or yell for help.  Rod Taylor, who played Mitch Brenner, was a pretty good actor.  He was  always calm and he always knew what to do.  Jessica Tandy, who played Lydia  Brenner, was an okay actress, I guess.  She was always scared.  She was  even scared of the two lovebirds.  Veronica Cartwright, who played Kathy  Brenner, was a pretty good actress.  She yelled and screamed whenever the  birds came to attack, just like you would expect an eleven-year-old to do.   Suzanne Pleshette, who played Annie Hayworth, was a good actress, I  thought.  She was always calm and caring of others, before herself.      When I first saw this movie in 1987, I wouldn't go outside or even look at  a bird for two years.     Today, I don't think this film still qualifies as  a horror film, because it just isn't as scary as it was in the 1960's, due  to what horror films have evolved to.       I didn't really like the ending  of the movie because it just left you hanging, making you wonder what would  happen next and it didn't answer the question as to why the birds attacked  like that.  Plus, it all started when Melanie Daniels brought those two  love birds to Mitch Brenner and it didn't explain whether or not that had  anything to do with the film's events.  If I were to rate this movie, I  would probably give it a three star rating.
6300181340|3.0|Ithought that the movie The Birds directed by Alfred Hitchcock was a very good movie for being filmed in the 60s'. The special effectscould have had a little work in making them seem more realistic.I didnt care for the scene  when Lidia Brener (Jessica Tandy)had found Deke Carter in the room with his  eyes all gouged out because she ran out of the room without screaming one  bit.I thought the actors fit thier roles well.The end of the film was cool  because nobody won. They didnt defeat the birds, and the birds didnt kill  them which is an unusual ending for a horror movie now a days.The end of  the film had me glued to my seat because I
6300181340|2.0|The movie The Birds, in my General opinion,was a very weird movie. Even though I understand that this movie was made in 1963,it is very boring to watch. There is no real suspense or horror and the scenes never really  build up to much because there is no music throughout the whole movie.         The special effects were not too bad for an old movie,But it could have  used a little more detail in some of the scenes.The role of the  actors/actresses were really out there(confusing). Melanie Daniels,a blond  60's lady,it seemed was only in the movie for the love,or the romantic part  with Mitch Brenner. Kathy Brenner had the most annoying scream,and her cry  sounded so fake.Almost every actor/actress had showed no real emotion to  any of the parts played.        The Birds is nothing compared to a modern  day horro movie due to the that tecnolgy has come so far in making horror  films so much more realistic. I would give this film 2** stars and tell you  to have a very open mind when you watch this movie.                    Evie  Taylor                  Lapeer MI.
0060977493|5.0|As a Latinamerican, I am used to Isabel Allende and Gabriel Garcia Marquez's worlds. When I started reading this book, I though I was going to find something similar... but, as pages went by, I discovered that Roy's  characters were something special. For me, a must-read book.
6300181340|4.0|My opion on the movie The Birds, is that I think it was a great movie for its time.  I think that the special effects from the 60's are pretty good. Even thoe it was filmed inthe 60's, I think that some fo the background  sceneryand special effects could have been better.  Tippi Hedren, who  played Melanie Daniels, played a good part, but seemed to be a little stiff  in her acting.  Ithink her acting was the worst when she and mitch,lydia,  and Kathy Breener were all locked in the house.  Her acting was horrible.   It looked fake and, even her hear seemed fake.  All in all, the characters  did fit there role.  The end of the film kind of left you hanging because  it hed no real closure.  It left me thinking that there should be a sequel,  but there is driving off, It looked like nothing was out there to leave you  in suspense and make you think twice about it and and draw your own  conclusion.  I think that this film can't really be compared to modern day  horror films because there is just so much technology for makes to use  today that makes a movie greatthat wasn't afordable in the 1960's.  The  movie The Birds, is ledgenday, it will always be considered a &quot;horror  Film&quot;.  I give the movie a 4 because it was a good movie.
1878424165|5.0|The author miraculously condensed ages of wisdom into a work within grasp.  Sometimes esoteric, he allows the reader/listener to learn at his/her level.  Very inspiring!
6300181340|2.0|I thought this movie,The Birds,was pretty stupid.I think this because it wasn't really a horror movie,after all,how many people have actually been killed by birds? That is the main reason that I didn't like the movie.    The films special effects,I'm sure,were good when the movie was made,but  compared to the movie's we have now,the special effects in The Birds,were  pretty lame.   The actors and actresses did a very good job with fitting  the roles that they were playing.I think even the little girls did a good  job in their roles.   I thought that the end of the movie was pretty  weird.The reason is,are the birds happy because they have a village to  themselves?,are the birds going to follow the Brenner's? I think the film  ended like it did so Hitchcock could possibly make a sequal.   When you  compare this movie to a modern day horror movie,this movie would look like  Sesame Street.This film might still be considered a horror film,but it's  not scary to me.   The rating I would give this movie would be a 2.I give  it this rating because there's no action, and it wasn't scary.
068484267X|5.0|Because the book is not a fiction and based on real life made it a powerful experience for me reading it.  I couldn't put it down. I will read it again.  Looking forward to more books by Mr. McCourt.
0790735431|5.0|For around 5 days after I first saw Memphis Belle in 1992, I was in a bit of a state of shock. I had a really niggly feeling in the back of my mind that just wouldn't go away. It was there because the film brought home to  me the fear, pain, anxiety, dreadful conditions but also comeradeship these  brave young men endured for our freedom. Granted it was only a 'film', and  the true story has been &quot;hollywood-ified&quot;, but I had never before  been moved in such a way by a film, and have yet to be again. That has to  say something not only about the content, but about the wonderful  production and beautiful musical score that complements the story so well.  I truly consider &quot;Memphis Belle&quot; to be my most highly regarded  film.
B00000J2KT|5.0|This has got to be one of the worst dvd transfers I have ever seen.  The video quality is at best average and the sound transfer is terrible.  To cap it off, it's not even in letterbox format.<br />This is a great example of  how to DESTROY a great movie during the dvd film transfer process.
1573226521|2.0|I really wanted to like the book but I found the characters hollow and any &quot;tension&quot; to be superficial.  This is a pop culture book that has no soul.  Alex steals from Heart of Darkness (specifically Apocalypse Now)  and Lord of The Flies.  Unfortunately, the pieces do no fit very well and  leaves the reader with a bad taste in the mouth.  Most of my friends love  this book but I had to force my way through it. YMMV
0395193958|5.0|...No matter what my lawyers say
0790741164|5.0|Once again the minority of people who think they are &quot;the enlightened open-minded&quot; have spoken against this movie.  I've found that many people take movies so seriously that they can't enjoy what it really is.   This is an excellent movie that may not have all the facts, but presents a  few areas of this tragedy that cast some doubt on the way this assasination  was carried out and possibly covered up.  It may not be the absolute truth  of how the assasination took place, but it points out very well the  established fact that there is something not right about the entire  incident.   An excellent film that you should draw your own conclusions  from.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Brilliant, cinematic, intimate, stirring, cacophonous, hushed, emotional, playful, energizing, thought-provoking. Extraordinary.<br />A complete musical journey.
B000002LGQ|5.0|This is one of my favorite Madonna CDs. Best Tracks: No. 1, 2, 5, 6, 7, 8 (sends shivers down my spine), 9, &amp; 11. Get this CD!
B000002VRZ|5.0|I have been an Outlaw fan since the early 70s. Before the band was &quot;officially&quot; formed, these guys used to play at the &quot;jam&quot; sessions held every weekend at the local parks in Tampa,  Florida.  During this time, they were tinkering with what I consider one of  the best southern rock songs of all time, Green Grass and High Tides.  Thirty years later--every time I hear that song it gives me chills and  bring backs those great memories of the &quot;jams&quot; held in Tampa.
0767802519|5.0|Every time I see this movie I just want to see it again.  It has unbelievable action sequences with great characters and plot.  Jean Reno and Natalie Portman are excellent! Go see this move!!
6302250269|5.0|Yes, I had a hard time jogging this flic from my mind. The message it gives off is so inspiring, so empowering... and because it's given by two female lead characters, it's been termed a feminist movie. Sure, there was  sex, margaritas and wild turkeys straight up. There was armed robbery, the  murder of a would be rapist, and the shooting up of a large semi driven by  a horny truck driver. But hey, these girls never backed down. They never  gave up. Submissive... they were anything but. No wonder if caused such a  fiasco. Jerry Falwall would've rolled over in his grave if he wasn't alive  when this movie came out. Ha ha. Thelma and Louise is a classic. Sarandon  and Davis are out of this world. Pitt has a chest to die for. And the music  is wonderful. I have a convertible, and I love it because it makes me feel  like Louise. It's just a great movie.
B00000DG1R|4.0|Would have been 5 stars , but who selected the tracks here ? Couldn't the God - awful &quot; All She  Wants Is &quot; and &quot; Serious &quot; been discarded for the much more well-produced &quot; Careless Memories &quot;  and &quot; Violence of Summer &quot; ?!?     Not as good as the Human  League's greatest hits CD or as bad as the INXS one ( POOR track choices)  but a great historical .    These guys should be remembered for being the  BEST MUSICIANS of the 80's , not just the most stylish quintet with pretty  faces . Above all , LISTEN to the layered music , the marvelous bass , drum  layers , and flowing keyboards .     Best choice for even casual Duran  fans.
B000005QKJ|5.0|Don't get me wrong. Titanic was very good as well, but who would've thought that the genius behind that massive ship was also the genius behind the second Alien movie? I'm rather new to the Alien saga, but I love them  all the same. Of all four, my favorite is this one, Aliens. I love it  because Ripley makes friends with the little girl Newt. It's absolutely  heartwarming. To think, people living in space thousands of years from  now... who would've ever thought that the human heart would still survive?  That's so rare in some of the mainstream sci-fi movies. And dog gone it,  it's refreshing, is all. Of course, that isn't the only thing that made  this movie terrific. There's Jones the cat, safely out of danger from the  aliens. The aliens themselves were cool. I like the alien saga because  they're rather a blend of sci-fi and horror. They're suspenseful, but they  aren't just friday the 13th horror cut 'em up movies. Nor are they just  stories of stars and asteroids and spaceships, etc. How boring would that  be? I'm not a sci-fi buff, so merely that wouldn't interest me. But these  alien movies, and specifically this alien movie, does interest me because  all the characters seem genuine. So I highly recommend this one.
B0000027RL|5.0|This is one of my favourite albums of the decade.  Truly a grunge classic right up there with Nirvana: Nevermind. Ten is full of emotion and soulfull singing by Vedder with hard driven and passionate, Hendrix-like guitars. My  favourites in respective order are &quot;Black&quot;, &quot;Evenflow&quot;,  &quot;Release&quot;, &quot;Alive&quot; and &quot;Oceans&quot;. Pearl Jams  most Expressive album. *****
6302759110|5.0|Hardly a small feat... I remember the first time I saw this movie. I didn't see the beginning and wasn't familar with the book, but at the end my uncles kept slowing down the vcr to see Dracula get his head chopped  off. I thought that was rather immature, and when I saw the film in its  entirity I fully appreciated its story. In retrospect, now that I know more  about vampires and Vlad Tepes, I appreciate how the movie attempted to tie  in the historical accounts of the impaling Prince to the story of the  immortal vampire. Of course, the movie added the whole romance thing, the  idea that Mina was Dracula's love reincarnated. That's excusable. The  special effects of the movie were wonderful. I especially liked the scene  where Dracula was a wolf in the garden (or whatever)with Lucy. If you pause  at the right spot when the lightning flashes, you can see Dracula in human  form instead of the face of the wolf. Simply astounding. There are many  great things about this movie. I couldn't name them all even if I tried.
B000003N7G|3.0|I first listened to this album in college, and initially I thought it was a great, profound work of art, perhaps one of the best that jazz has to offer. That was before I listened to a lot more of what jazz has to offer,  and concluded that, well, A Love Supreme doesn't really live up to the  hype.<br />Fine, fine, the themes are deep, Coltrane's playing is impassioned,  if at times a bit flat-sounding, the intent is very serious, and he looks  so agonized on the cover. But is this an album that you would listen to  after a long day at work? Is this an album you'd want to listen alone at  night, or on a Sunday morning? When exactly would one want to listen to  this album, after one has grown weary of the humor-less seriousness of this  record?<br />I think that's the biggest problem with this record: there is no  song, no humor, no lightness. Compared this album to Saxophone Colossus,  for example. There's a obviously a place for a heavy, searching album in  the huge world of jazz, but for me personally, it's in one dusty corner of  albums I never listen to anymore.
6303443192|5.0|I'm in the minority in that I liked the movie more than the book. The book is long winded and bogged down with description and the movie starts that way too. But once Claudia is introduced, the movie spins with action,  depth, and spooky bliss. The settings are beautiful, the costumes terrific,  the characters superbly portrayed. The soundtrack is hard to beat, but only  if you're cultured in your music tastes. The altered ending is - at least  to me - refreshing. Axl Rose singing Jagger's Sympathy for the Devil is a  fitting ending for the movie that glorified Lestat. And of course Lestat  himself was beautifully portrayed by Tom Cruise. This is a must see for any  serious vampire fan.
B0000027RL|5.0|Truly inspired and inspiring!  Just let your mind go and ride the wave.  This music goes right to the heart.
6302135621|5.0|Citizen Kane is generally considered one of the greatest films of all time for generally the same reasons. One of them is how Orson Welles directs this film. Welles was given full control over this movie and when released  was given mixed reviews.  The reason for this was the boldness of this  film. The camera angles, the lighting, the way the plot moves, theses types  of things in the movie were not in all the style of movies in 1941. Because  of this, it recieved mixed reviews.  Also, William randolph Hurst, who the  film is loosly based upon, was trying to keep this film out of the  theaters.  Through all these obstacles, Citizen Kane is still regarded as  one of the greatest films of all time.  It used new and unique techniques,  like the great film 2001: A Space odyessy.   But the film is well acted,  shot, directed, and overall good.  Only slightly boring, the film based on  everything mentioned above, qualifies it as supreme film.
0380778556|5.0|For my school summer reading requirements, Rebecca was an option that I chose.  Although the first few pages were slow, it picked up quickly as the un-named narrator's life began to change.  I read through it in 3 days I  loved it so much!  I recommend this book to anyone looking for something to  bring to the beach with them.
0440228921|1.0|UPDATE: 01/26/2014 - and dear heavens - it's becoming a movie. Featuring Jeff Bridges and Meryl Streep... and no less than Taylor Swift. Gah!<br /><br />For the incapable of coping - ignoring the following warning will only save you from reading this book:<br /><br />***THIS POST CONTAINS SPOILERS***<br /><br />The nasal and flat characters of this story.  The very life, color, emotion was drained out of each of them.  I know, that was the point.  They gave up these things so that they could have \\"better\\"  lives.<br /><br />The \\"1984\\" meets \\"Logan's Run\\" atmosphere  permeated the entire turning of events.  No end in sight.  Although I  pictured mostly the cheesy outfits of the \\"Logan's Run\\" movie.  The \\"precision of speech\\" and the absolute droning manner of the  dialogue continued to wear me down.  Things like \\"comfort object\\"  \\"requisition of ...\\" \\"bicycle port\\" after being said a  few times I tuned them out completely.<br /><br />I could predict what the next  words were going to be throughout the story - so consistent was the  dialogue.  I knew what \\"release\\" was from the start.  I wasn't  surprised to learn it was death.<br /><br />The whole numbering thing, the age and  numbering thing, the numbering age and dress and social thing.  I got it -  I understood the point, but the author would beat every example into the  ground - as if I might have forgotten.  It was monotonous.<br /><br />I know, that  was the point.<br /><br />Then Jonas meets the Giver - and I think - AHA!  Here's  the answer!  And then the memories come and I think - AHA!  Here it comes!  But Jonas flees with Gabriel and they drift off into the eternal snows -  \\"or maybe it was just an echo.\\"<br /><br />So 1) Did they die?  2) Did  they find \\"elsewhere\\"?  3) Was Jonas just playing make-believe  the whole time?<br /><br />It was like one of those movies that after sitting  through the whole thing the main character wakes up from a dream.  It left  me feeling cheated.<br /><br />And then I saw it was written in 1993 - I could have  almost forgiven the book if it came from an earlier era - the '50's or  '60's I could have almost forgiven it... almost.t was written in 1993 - I could have  almost forgiven the book if it came from an earlier era - the '50's or  '60's I could have almost forgiven it... almost.
0060975768|5.0|Having severed with the 1st Cav in 1966 and in the same area. This book brought back many memories. The main reason I liked this book so much was that it was not just one person telling their story but the differen  memories of various soldiers who fought the same battle. I would  recommended this book to anyone who wants to know what is was really like.
6304044836|5.0|A wonderful performance by all. Ford is so charming as he bumbles his way into Ormonds heart.(and the viewers). The original has always been my favorite movie, but this remake outshines.  I have both in my collection  and find them both charming and enjoyable. It just makes you feel good.
0782008372|5.0|The origional was smooth, sleek and showed a chemistry rarely seen in lower budget films much less big block busters. Now a cult classic, fans will be amazed at how a movie thought to be complete and already  outstanding could get even better. The additional scenes make it flow even  better than before, and fill out small &quot;holes&quot; in the story line.  One of my favorite movies of all time.
B00000JCB2|5.0|i thiunk this is a good cd
6303430570|4.0|This movie was so funny.  This film will have you talking about it with your friends for days.  And the way it was directed was great for this film.  Not only that, the choice in which it is seen in black and white  makes it even better.  Watch this movie, it's one of the greatest.
B0000025T6|4.0|When I first heard this album I wanted to send it to comunist Russia, I wanted them to know what America really was.  Still a powerful, stark and absorbing piece of work.  It demands to listened to and not just heard.
B000002NFM|1.0|Boo!  Hiss!  I think these guys were Young Republicans
B00000IOSU|5.0|It is hard to put this album's impact in words.  If you are a fan of Sarah's or not a fan this album will surely take your breath away.  It is amazing to say the least.  Sarah writes all her music from the heart anyway  and really opens herself up emotionally to all listeners.  The live  versions of all these songs are sung with heart and soul.  Songs like  &quot;Do what you have to do&quot;, &quot;Fear&quot;, and  &quot;Possession&quot; are made even more amazing with Sarah's emotions  being projected through her outstanding vocal capabilities.  Fan or not you  should by this album, it will take your breath away.
B00000J8EK|1.0|Popularity is not an indication of talent!  These guys are crap, like most Astralwerks artists.
B000002TQV|5.0|An amazing album,from an amazing band.If &quot;Pablo honey&quot;,is exploding britt-pop,and &quot;o.k computer&quot; beautiful melodic and emotional poetry,then &quot;the bends&quot; is a perfect mix of the  two.wailing guitars,combined with amazing lyrics and Thom's incredible  vocals,create an album that just sweeps you up with &quot;the  bends&quot;,crushes you with &quot;green plastic cup&quot; and makes you  want to cry with &quot;street spirits&quot;.It isn't just another  album.it's more than just plain music.It's ART.
6302765536|3.0|My summary pretty much sums it up
6300215741|5.0|Grace Kelly was absolutely at her best in this one.  She was stunning.  Cary Grant was also very good in his role as John Robie, the cat.  Good Hitchcock thriller with wonderful actors!!!
0684867621|4.0|I found this book very compelling, but it wasn't like the King books I've read in the past.  I did however like the approach he used in her hallucinations...and Tom Gordon.  It had sort of a  different meaning then  some of King's past novels.  Something to check out if your a King fan.
6303269869|5.0|This is a wonderful movie about a mother who is an alcoholic and how it affects her and her family.  I cry every time I watch it.
6304510861|5.0|Okay, it's cryptic. Okay, it's bizarre. Okay, it doesn't make immediate sense. WHO CARES? Looking at some of the other responses from Amazon patrons, a lot of you do. But hear me out. As far as I'm concerned, Lost  Highway is one of the most intelligent, frightening and visually (not to  mention aurally) stunning films of recent years. Its depiction of a jealous  man who kills his adulterous wife, and then becomes (literally) a new man  poses a wide range of questions about our Self: who are we really? Why do  we do the things we do? The atmosphere is brilliant, Patricia Arquette is  the greatest femme fatale of 'em all, and Robert Blake's Mystery Man (i.e.  the dark side of the killer) is one creepy dude. So come on all you fast  food viewers, put down your new action blockbuster and get into Lost  Highway. As Gary Busey's character says, it'll do ya good.
6305364613|4.0|Just finished watching Romeo and Juliet.  I LOVED IT!!!!  I don't see what the problems were that everyone had with it. Solid, likeable supporting cast; clear, honest direction with neat, innovative twists; a great  conceptual approach; and even though I don't care much for L. DeCapprio, he  and Danes did a wonderful job, making up for their weakness in handling the  language with their enthusiasm and chemistry. I think people forget that  most Shakespearean actors don't become masters of their craft overnight,  instead taking years of study, practice and performances to get to the  point where they are conversant with the language and demands. As good a  Branaugh is, he didn't just wake up one day, said \\"I'll be a Shakespearean  actor\\" and became instantly brilliant. He worked at it. And the script  calls for a pair of teenagers, so what are you going to do? Oh, and as for  all those \\"purists\\" out there that took exception with the conceptual form  of presentation: get a life. If anything, they should be marveling at and  celebrating the fact that no matter what you do with one of the Bard's  scripts, it never loses its power, its meaning, its ability to reach out  and grab us, shake us, make us sit up and take notice! Name another  playwrite whose works contain such qualities and potential for adaptation.  I'm sure these same stick-in-the-mud types would have found fault with  Patrick Stewart's high-concept production of Othello, wherein all the roles  were reversed, with Othello being white and the rest of the cast black. A  negative Othello! How novel. Whether done \\"traditionally\\" (whatever that  is) or done with high concept, the Bard's works endue and often surprise us  with new insights and understandings. Very clever, by the way, the use of  guns as swords, linking the roguish gangs of Verona with the gangs of  today's cities. The more things change, the more they remain the same. Not  all the much new under the sun, after all. Anyway, rent this puppy, loosen  up, and leave your snottiness at the door. You might - Heaven forbid - find  that you like it.n  up, and leave your snottiness at the door. You might - Heaven forbid - find  that you like it.
B000002UJQ|5.0|OK Computer is an incredible album - with tracks that provide you with hours of geniuine pleasure that goes right through the cortex of your brain. I initially was most interested in buying this album for track 4,  Exit Music for a Film. After a short while, I was avidly listening to all  the songs with enthusiasm.
B000000OUE|5.0|I can remember the first time I heard this CD was when i was in the eighth grade.  Now i'm fixing to graduate high-school.....and I'm still not putting the CD down.  I got very depressed when the band broke up.  I hope  music in the next millenium will sound more like this band. Jay Yuenger is  one of my favorite guitarists.....even though he was heavier in La  Sexorcisto.  Rock on Zombie fans!
B000002KET|5.0|'a national acrobat' is my favorite sabbath song. this is a great album, even though fluff and who are you are pretty gay.
0375707972|5.0|This book was a page turner for me. The author and translator did a good job of showing the effects of child sexual abuse on a young man.  As much as she gave him early high confidence with girls, he was never able to have  a successful relationship with a woman when he grew up.  I will be looking  for more books written by Bernhard Schlink. To the reviewer that wondered  about the baths, In Germany tubs are considered similiar to jacuzzis here.
B000002KHH|5.0|the greatest album of all time
0876855575|5.0|Move over, Holden Caulfied. In Henry Chinaski, Charles Bukowski has given American Literature what to my mind is one of the most devastatingly funny, sad, compassionate and wise portraits of adolescence we have. The book is  packed with dozens of thumbnail vignettes that shine a tiny circle of light  upon man's humanity--and lack thereof--to his fellow creatures. Think of  Nurse Ackerman; the scene with the kitten trapped by the dog; the itchy  ROTC uniform; Henry's beatings at the hands of his sadistic father; his  friend with one arm...it goes on and on. To my mind, this book is  Bukowski's masterpiece.
B000002KE2|5.0|cool album. highpoints are the drum solo in supernaught and the climax of snowblind. FX is stupid.
B0000041DZ|5.0|This collection is one of the finest possessions that any lover of music--classical or otherwise-- could possibly own. Alfred Brendel's interpretation of Beethoven's serious, probing piano works is in my opinion  among the greatest interpretive achievements of the 20th century, and these  recordings capture Brendel's performance in a luminous, ambient sonic  wonderland that I find all but overwhelming. You will be drawn into a  poetic and reflective space that will astound, enchant, and disturb you...  consider Brendel's statement about the slow movement of the Moonlight  Sonata, hideously sentimentalized by most artists: in Brendel's words, it's  &quot;a mystic realm of awe and shuddering.&quot; Think about this, and  listen to Brendel's interpretation, and you'll have a great start on this  rich, deep, expansive collection of total artistry. Avoiding bombast,  Brendel lays bare the incredible architecture that underlies Beethoven's  work, and in so doing Brendel fully unleashes Beethoven's artistic and  emotional power, a world of musical romance and argumentation that begins  to speak to you with an eloquence ranging far beyond the complexities of  speech. With Brendel as your guide, you are ushered into a world in which  you fully perceive Beethoven's creative genius; before you opens a world of  depth and insight and enchantment and meaning. This recording belongs in  the library of any serious lover of classical music--and indeed, of any  person who believes that music and its performance speak with eloquence of  something that is inexpressably deep and meaningful about human existence,  something that only music can fully describe. It's very hard to put into  words... just listen. A final note: the overwhelming power of this  collection isn't a mere matter of sonic trickery; four of the performances  are live performances selected by Brendel himself as superior to the studio  recordings, despite the live performances' inferior acoustics; believe me,  you won't care. (The audiences are very quiet, which doesn't surprise me;  undoubtedly, they were drawn into Brendel's performances to the point of  reverence.) Every one of the performances in this collection draws you into  a world in which every single note penned by Beethoven matters deeply, and  Brendel's artistry is such that, somehow, you understand why.t care. (The audiences are very quiet, which doesn't surprise me;  undoubtedly, they were drawn into Brendel's performances to the point of  reverence.) Every one of the performances in this collection draws you into  a world in which every single note penned by Beethoven matters deeply, and  Brendel's artistry is such that, somehow, you understand why.
B000002KDO|5.0|thrash, speed, industrial, black and death metal bands try to be heavy...they can't compare...THIS is the HEAVIEST ALBUM OF ALL TIME.
0767802659|5.0|Definitely one of the best SCI-FI movie ever. Never have I seen a movie filled with such excitement and gore. A must see for fans of the computer game &quot;Starcraft&quot;. But I'm a bit disappointed by how some people  couldn't comprehend this movie as a comical satire of fascism (I thought  this was a really smart concept).  I feel bad for the director, who had  every intention of making a sequel to this movie if it made a hit. Oh  well...
B00000J7S8|5.0|This is an evenly flowing group of songs - for those who are Diana Krall fans it is a must have!  A favorite:  Popcicle Toes
B00000J7RZ|1.0|THE STATE OF MUSIC IN AMERICA IS AT AN ALL TIME LOW. I HAVE NOTHING AGAINST LOPEZ,BUT THEIR ARE SO MANY OTHER TALANTED LATIN MUSICIANS OUT THEIR THAT HAVE BEEN PLAYING THEIR WHOLE LIVES AND ARE STILL UNKNOWN. IF IT  WAS NOT FOR HERE PRETTY FACE AND BODY SHE WOULD BE UNHEARD OF. PLEASE STICK  TO BEING AN ACTOR. GIVE THE REAL MUSICANS A CHANCE.BUT MOST PEOPLE WILL BUY  WHATEVER THEY HERE ON THE RADIO. SO I GUESS IT REALLY IS THE BIG RECORD  LABLES FAULT FOR PUTTING STUFF LIKE THIS OUT.I HOPE ONE DAY WE WILL GET  BACK TO PROMOTING GOOD MUSIC INSTEAD OF A PRETTY FACE.
0780626478|1.0|How can ANYONE enjoy this ugly mess of a film?! I cannot believe that movie producers are still willing to take Alicia Silverstone on as a leading actress. HELLO??????? THE GIRL CANNOT ACT!!!!!!!!!!! I had to try  and keep myself from falling asleep. The plot was basically California  Man/George Of The Jungle/Crocodile Dundee mixed into a 'fresh new idea'.  Yeah right! It really saddens me that producers are willing to waste $40  million on crap like this, when they could be turning great screenplays  (yes, there ARE struggling writers out there with decent scripts, that keep  getting ignored for rubbish like this), into movies. Also, has anyone  noticed that whenever Alicia appears in a movie, there is never another  'big name' actress playing alongside her? Is it because the studios are  afraid that she'll be upstaged by the other actress? Or is it because  Alicia realises that she is an awful actress, and doesn't want anyone to  know? Why don't you all go and see decent movies with actresses like Reese  Witherspoon, Chloe Sevigny, Angelina Jolie, Robin Tunney, and all the other  underrated, underpaid actresses in them? Sure, Alicia may be your idea of  'hot', but it's the acting that counts - besides, she may be 'eye-candy'  for the boys, but she sure as hell ain't for the girls!! BTW - If anyone's  wondering - the one star is shared between Christopher Walken, Sissy Spacek  (what the $!@? are they doing in this?!) and Brendan Fraser.
6300216268|5.0|I saw Harold &amp; Maude when it was first released in 1971 when my late husband and I were just starting to date.  It quickly became one of our top two favorites (Summer of '42 was the other).  We bought the video sometime  in the early '80s and have always cherished it.  Now my husband is gone but  every time I watch the video it brings back memories of those happy years.  O' Happy Day!!
0380002930|1.0|I had to read this book for my 9th grade english class, and i hated every minute of it.  I found it boring and tedious.  I would have liked it better if Adams had used people instead of rabbits.
B000002NFM|5.0|This is my favorite CD of all time.  It completely changed the music that I listen to.  From listening to all of the Prodigy CD's, you can tell they have evolved over the years.  In one word, GREAT.  There is nothing better  than Fat of the Land.
B000000H7I|5.0|I am good friends with Suffocation, I heard this album before I even met them, two words-THE BEST. They are pioneers of Death Metal. I am now working with Terrance Hobbs in recreating a new band and new  sound.Suffocation is no longer together,but you can still get all their  albums and hope fully soon thier last release,&quot;Dispise the Sun&quot;  which is the most brutal,fast,evil,hard,but totally and technically  together!   Look soon for updates on the progress of my project which will  be something like  picking up  where Suffocation left off and a mix of Hard  Core and Progressive House? Hay It's still Death!!!!!!
0802130208|5.0|Well, judging by the other reviews, this is a love-it-or-hate-it book, which tends to signify how different and unusual it is, if anything else. Personally, I found the writing very clever and something very funny on  almost every page. The only disappointment is that the author left this  world before he could write anything else! Read this damn book!
0688170528|5.0|Great read!  The book left me so sad though.  I could totally connect with Emily at times.  This book truly caused some heartache but it was accepted heartache on my part.  I would definitely suggest this book to anyone in  search of a terrific read.<br />Can't wait for the movie to come out.
B00000J7S8|5.0|A great Canadian her music and words are sure fire romance, her concerts are superior, she is one beautiful lady inside and out
0790740443|5.0|It's a 10. Superb acting by Kurt Russell; directed by Paul Anderson, genius behind _Blade Runner_.  He captured the essence of dictatorship and its opposite: individualism.  Initially the protagonist, Todd, follows  orders, used as a means to the ends of the State, a fighting machine who's  then discarded.  But Todd survives being dumped on a heap of refuse on a  desert planet, to make his way to a small settlement of free people.  There  he learns what it means to have selfish values and to love a woman.  When  the totalitarians return to threaten her, only Todd can destroy them.   Fight scenes and interpersonal dynamics were masterfully done.  This is not  a simplistic action movie with bullets flying everywhere.  This is action  melded with intellectual strategy, melded with a deep philosophical  message.  A sci fi classic, right along with Blade Runner.
B000001OAA|5.0|I really like this CD.  It has some really outstanding singles in Only Happy, Queer, Vow and Stupid Girl.  Overall it is a good CD, and Shirly is pretty hot, so I'm happy with the band.
B000009CEM|5.0|Fear Factory makes me feel proud to be Canadian! Truly a one of a kind band. This, in my opinion is where all metal bands should be headed. Buy this album, whether you like old or new metal, you will never regret it.
0899661270|5.0|I have read all of Miss Heyer's novels except a few of the mysteries and 2 of her earliest (Barren Corn was DEPRESSING!).  Cotillion is one of my favorites.  One occasionally gets tired of having the fascinating rake  always sweep the lady off her feet.  F-F-Freddy is so gallant and humble  that he is irresistible.  It is with considerable enjoyment that I read  (and OFTEN re-read) the passage where he defends Kitty's good name by  planting Jack a well-deserved facer.  As always, Miss Heyer's dialogue is  intensely colorful and deeply satisfying.  If only the world were like her  books.
B000009ROK|5.0|His CD was introduced by a friend who immigrated to Argentine. I never thought to buy his albums before but after I heard this CD, his great love songs has deeply touched my mind. His songs are so sentimental that brings  you to an emotional world. For me, his songs could last as long as those  old &quot;chansons francaises&quot; and exist in my mind forever. Thanks to  that friend for letting me have the chance to know such a great artist!
B000005DQR|5.0|Although sometimes dark, DJ Shadow's &quot;Entroducing&quot; is the beginning of anyones journey into the realm of electronica. Curious electronica fans need to begin here. It's possible that you may never want  to move on.
B00000JGEN|2.0|Enjoyable film, but hardly worthy of any accolades in the sci-fi/fantasy genre. The only plus was to see RICHARD DAWSON (former host of THE FAMILY FEUD) as the antagonist TV HOST/PRODUCER from hell. Quite a contrast from  his lovable persona on THE FAMILY FEUD. Otherwise, one is better off  sticking to the novel.
6304178352|5.0|what can I say but that I love this movie.  The songs are great and I love the theme of how a bachelor begins to fall in love simply when the person is constanly around and is part of his life. Rex is at his best as the  diction professor Henry Higgins and Audrey is charming.  the songs are  spectacular, (I love &quot;Just you Wait...&quot; with a blindfolded but  still cocky, Rex facing the firing squad and even dying in a cocky manner!)  as is the end.  I love how Eliza slowly metamorphizes as does Higgins.   Julie Andrews, Rex's broadway and later London co-star was set to play  Eliza but was called away by Walt Disney for Mary Poppins. Rex actually got  to see the play himself when he was on holiday and came back to see Edward  Mulhare(often condsidered another Rex Harrison) as Higgins. Rex earned his  Oscar!
6305511055|5.0|New York cityscapes and various engaging characters in this tale of  CIA analyst on the run from unknown hit team that has targeted his work group.  Action, plot and, of course, many famous actors.  Great acting by all and  the tale does not pander to a quick happy ending-it plays to CIA intrigue  themes all the way, to great effect.  Grey Atmospere heightens the somber  mood-you cannot help but be drawn in.
B000002USP|5.0|I'M  CURRENTLY ON MY THIRD COPY OF THIS DISC....I'M SURPRISED THAT NOT A SINGLE PERSON HAS COMMENTED ON THE LITTLE DITTY THAT CHRIS SINGS ON THE HIDDEN TRACK THATS BURRIED AT THE END OF THE DISC AFTER GO WEST.
B000009O8A|5.0|This has to be the best movie I have ever seen
B000002C2E|5.0|During his lengthy career, Bob Dylan has produced four masterpieces:  Highway 61 Revisted, Blonde on Blonde, Blood on the Tracks, and this one.  Time Out of Mind is my third favorite Dylan album, behind Blood on the  Tracks and Highway 61.<br />On this album, there are four unforgettable songs:  &quot;Standing in the Doorway,&quot;  &quot;Trying to Get to Heaven,&quot;  &quot;Not Dark Yet&quot; and &quot;Highlands.&quot;  These four songs  alone make this album a masterpiece.<br />This album is not top 40 pop  music.  It is also not like Dylan's earlier work.  It is something entirely  different, but that's the wonderful thing about Dylan -- he keeps on  reinventing himself in new and magical ways.  Please give this album a try.
0897500482|5.0|Bruce Lee's commentaries on the Martial Arts is indispensable. Realizing that this book was complied from his notes after his untimely death, I can forgive the hodge-podge fashion the book is formatted in. He never intended  for this to be published. That said, one cannot ignore the level of mastery  he had attained, or ignore his advice. Bruce was an accomplished screen  fighter, yes, but what is often overlooked is his level of street-fighting  competency. EVERY martial artist he EVER sparred with, trained with, or  associated with label him as the greatest ever (even with his bad back) for  a reason. If you cannot grasp the level of expertise portrayed in this  book, read some others, keep practicing, and re-read it often. Eventually,  it will transform the way that you think, feel, and fight. Quite simply the  BEST book ever written. Not simply because of his knowledge. Even in spite  of the haphazard fashion the information is conveyed in. Bruce Lee KNEW  what worked and what didn't FOR HIM, and points &quot;The finger to the  moon&quot; for you to find your own truth, using no-nonsense, real world  information.  Pass up this book, and I guarantee, you will lose to someone  who did not.
6305265488|5.0|I fell in love with this movie! I have seen it more times than I can count, and the magic still endures. The cast was perfect, and the chemistry between the prince and Danielle was so touching you could feel their  emotions. The dialogue had a lot of intelligence to it, and it was  absolutely refreshing to see such a wonderful romance without all the sex  and vulagarity. A must buy to watch with that special someone!
B00000AFFF|5.0|Before I ordered this CD, I read the reviews on Amazon. I was intrigued by the diversity of opinion and took the leap. I adored Elvis as a teen...&quot;My Aim is True&quot; is one of my top 10 faves of all time.  I  have no opinion on Burt, but I do love me my Elvis some! <br />I wondered how  anyone could get hooked on a song called &quot;Toledo&quot;, how the  &quot;Birthday Party Song&quot; could move someone to a torrent of memories  so strong she was certain that she had written it herself?  (I am struck by  the parallel between the lines &quot;and now I see, you share your cake  with him&quot; and (Allison's) &quot;pretty fingers flying in the wedding  cake&quot;).  &quot;This House is Empty Now&quot;, &quot;That Other  Girl&quot;...how on earth could these songs be responsible for the  emotional rantings and ravings I read in the reviews?  <br />After the first  couple of plays, I agreed with those who called it &quot;whiney&quot;  &quot;bland&quot; &quot;boring&quot; - &quot;a major snooze&quot;. A few  months and many many many more listens later, I am hooked, addicted,  hopelessly programmed. If I don't play it every day, I am singing it aloud!  I am certain my blood pressure rises when I hit &quot;play&quot; and the  first few chords of &quot;In the Darkest Place&quot; begin...(the first cut  IS the deepest!)   <br />I must admit, the first 6 tracks are solid! I sort of  lose interest during 7-9, but when &quot;The Sweetest Punch&quot; comes on,  I am juiced all over again!<br />Unsolicited advice:  if you already love  Elvis and/or Burt:  give it time!  Let it seep into your psyche and weave  through your memories until you too find yourself washing vegetables one  night, humming out loud: &quot;and does anybody in Ohio, dream of, that  Spanish citadel...&quot;<br />While I'm here, may as well order a second copy  for the car...
0790725657|4.0|I had to buy this movie because my ten year old daughter wants to rent it every time we go to the video store.
B00000IPAX|5.0|I think this is  Blink's best CD to date.  Every track is a good one. It's been in my car for about a month and I never get bored of it.  I personally recommend track 6.  If you get a chance you should check out their video on  MTV.
B00000J8EK|3.0|I liked there first and second albulms more but its still pretty good.  This ones got lots of candy for people listening with top notch systems.  In &quot;under the influence&quot; crazy stuff is happening with the subs  and it nice to have.  Allot of the beat is in the sub woofer range so if  yours is less than ideal you wont enjoy it as much. There are some good  tracks for sure but much fewer all right ones.  I agree that they're  changeing directions and I think they're trying to get more of a club feel  rather than a rave vibe.  Most if the time when a band changes people react  funny and it takes awhile to grow on you.  In sumnation its not there best  CD but buy it anyway and hope they come out with a better one soon.
B00000IOSU|5.0|It was so beautiful, the whole CD, she does not need the studio to &quot;boost&quot; her notes, she has the prettiest, sweetest voice and the best songs (i.e. my fav, I Will Remember You). Go Sarah!! Keep it up!! I  really look up to her. I love her style! <br />-Lynzi
B000003TA4|1.0|On the whole, the album is definitely not in the same league as a good Pat Boone album.  However, I have found, when played at medium level, it does provide measurable relief for hemmoroid suffering.
B000003BDJ|5.0|Way back when, when London still had control of the Rolling Stones' '60s catalogue, this set was released on two separate CDs.  Mobile Fidelity mastered the first disc in the set, and they did an absolutely brilliant  job of it. Alas, when Allen Klein got hold the Stones stuff, the set was  remastered on his label in the US and the sound deteriorated tremendously.  Until recently, the Japanese CD of Hot Rocks Vol. 1 was still available an  import (sporting the original London label) as London POCD-1927. I can't  recommend it highly enough, and I advise you to keep an eye peeled for a  copy. On a good stereo system, the sound will blow you away.  London's  Japanese version of Hot Rocks Vol. 2, for some reason, sounds no different  than the ABKCO version currently in US release. If you're a Stones' fans,  you owe it to yourself to hear these numbers as the Stones cut them. NOTE:  Purists may object the mix of &quot;Satisfaction&quot; here (it's not the  original but was recorded around the same time at a stereo session, on the  West Coast, I think.)
0679731725|5.0|&quot;The Remains of the Day&quot; is that rare find: a richly-layered story of love offered and lost, of nationalities mocked and embraced, of characters stolid and self-decieving... and compulsively readable. This is  one of, if not THE best book I have ever read, and I have read plenty to  judge it against. Ishiguro's narration of Stevens is pitch-perfect- he is  an almost-freakish talent. Stevens is a full-blooded character, nuanced to  the hilt and rational to the brim. The main power of this story, however,  is its almost overpowering subtelty. This is probably the best example of  dramatic restraint in a century or so of literature. The Booker Prize it  deserved... and so much more. Read this book, the language and devastating  storyline (especially the ending... the dialogue then will make your heart  tremble) is classic literature of the highest order. Bravo to Mr. Ishiguro.
B000002OZY|5.0|While the original release was somewhat muffled, John's bassline and Keith's lyric percussions drowned out, the remastered recording provides the clarity to &quot;Sparks&quot; that showcase each member of the Who!   Serious Who fans should take the time to study Entwistle's and Moon's  brilliance on the remastered recording.  We'll never hear more perfect  order within chaos than the twists of insanity and energy in this album.
1572522089|5.0|Ran, is directed by the great Akira Kurosawa. This film is a pure masterpiece. PLEASE SEE MY OTHER REVIEWS.
0441003257|5.0|this book is truly funny, complete with stinging wit and satire. a must read 4 anyone who considers themselves fans of gaiman, pratchet, chris moore, or doug adams
6305229449|3.0|Mulan is somewhat of a disappointment. The artwork is OK. Mulan (voice of Ming-Na Wen) is a very head-strong young girl who joins the Imperial Army in place of her father. But disguised as a boy. The background design does  not do justice to the Chinese landscape. This version is changed from the  original Chinese text. The &quot;comic relief&quot; becomes annoying  throughout this film. PLEASE SEE MY OTHER REVIEWS.
B00000DHRZ|3.0|Pretty Fly (For A White Guy) would've been better if it hadn't been over-played by radio-stations and MTV.  Americana had some pretty funky songs (Pay The Man) but it had redeeming qualities too (Walla Walla).   Smash was better.
6304308396|4.0|The Apartment, directed by Billy Wilder is a classic piece of American cinema. This is a superb comedy-drama. The Jack Lemmon character (C.C. Bud Baxter) tries to excel up the corporate ladder by loaning his apartment key  to various executive, but his plan starts to backfire. Wonderful script.  PLEASE SEE MY OTHER REVIEWS.
B000001IPL|5.0|Smash was one of the few cds that I know of where all of the songs are, at the least, decent.  It is a great investment for any Offspring fan.
6300251616|3.0|Dark Star is Director John Carpenter's first feature film. This strange talky film deals with four astronauts in deep space, who destroy unstable planets. Something goes wrong with one of their bombs. This film is  somewhat dated and the unexpected ending catches you by surprise. Low  budget film. PLEASE SEE MY OTHER REVIEWS.
B000002LN9|5.0|if you like clapton this is the album for you...  some of the best guitar licks you will ever hear..
6300270424|3.0|Really one needs to make two ratings:  one for the band's performance, which is super and interesting to watch and hear at the same time; and one for the fantasy sequences, which are cut into the concert and detract from  its enjoyment considerably.  Either they didn't think that we'd be  sufficiently captivated by the band in concert to watch it without side  entertainment--wrong!--or the band members were dying to do the  experimental film-making that they never got a chance to try in high  school--the fantasy scenes can best be summed up as &quot;the smoking  section does Tolkein&quot; (thanks for that one, Chris!).  They are  dull-witted and would be unintentionally hilarious except that I want to  watch a concert, not comedy.  Those scenes are simply annoying, and the  return to the concert itself is always welcome.  What a tight foursome they  were:  John Bonham's impeccable timing and nicely judged modulation of  power, John Paul's similiar timing and control, Jimmy's inspired  musicality, and Robert's expressiveness combine wonderfully. The concert  footage is excellent, both for the &quot;you are there&quot; documentary  quality and for its artistic quality.  The triple images of Robert and  Jimmy on &quot;Seven to Eleven&quot;, for instance, are very effective,  and--here we turn our attention completely to the music--the guitar  introduction by Jimmy on that song is absolutely wonderful:  sultry and  gorgeous beyond description--one of the best several seconds in music.  But  there are many high points in this concert, if only we could be allowed to  watch it in its entirety.  The boys are pretty enough as they are--in fact,  Robert is so pretty in his way that he's almost an Alice in Wonderland--and  yet, undisputably manly.  He's no Boy George or David Bowie, but somehow is  more glam than the glam rockers ever could be.
079213690X|5.0|This movie was totally awesome.  Although it is not entirely historically accurate, you would have a cheap story if it were all based on precisely on historical fact.  It would then be like siting for a 3 hour history lesson.   The film does have some very bloody and graphic scenes, but a lot of the  good films always do.  The love in the film is heart felt and I actually  cried at the end with the wonderful music and emotional torture scene and  the part after when Robert the Bruce charged with the army.  I have NEVER  cried for any film in my life until now.  Both Mel Gibson and Sophie  Marceau give great performances.  Basically, if you can stand graphic  scenes then you have to see this movie.  If you squirm at graphic scenes  then have a &quot;Braveheart&quot; and watch it anyway!!!
B000003S2M|5.0|This is one of my all time favorite albums. Period. I bought this album on vinyl in 1980 when it was first released. I have, by conservative estimates, listened to it at least 1,000 times since. To put in  perspective, I listen to ALL kinds of music, from progressive rock to jazz  to classical to world to folk to blues...etc. This has consistently been  one of my favorites because of its purity, simplicity and the subtle yet  distinctly original electronic treatments that Brian Eno has laid over  Harold Budd's piano compositions. This album is sweet, mysterious,  thoughtful, and incredibly peaceful. I would have wanted to be born to this  album, and would like to die to it. It goes right to the heart and soul of  the listener and invites timeless feelings--a quiet sense of belonging,  remembering and fragile wonder. An original aural oasis. Definitely in my  top five &quot;desert island&quot; picks. If you like this one, also check  out &quot;The Pearl&quot;, by Eno, Budd and Daniel Lanois, released two  years later, and following on the same theme, though a little bluer in tone  and feeling...
6305428220|5.0|When I first saw the previews for this movie, i didn't know what to expect, i really dont like kevin williamson that much, and i really hate these big budget, bad actor teen movies, BUT I love Robert Rodriguez, so i  tried to have hifh hopes, in spite of lame commercials. I went to see it  (not knowing what to expect) and was plesently surprised! It was well  written, well directed, and well thought out. I am a huge Rodriguez fan and  his latest film didnt let me down at all. I think he is proving he is a  very versitle director who will be making great films for a long time
B00000J7RZ|5.0|This CD hit #1.  I'm sure you can see why.  She got's a great beat to her music with great words. I sure don't buy other CDs, but I just might buy this one
1567406092|5.0|Once again Michael Connely has provided his followers with a novel that you can't put down... but don't really want it to end either. The characters are perfect and political tone is accurate LA.
B000002UKS|4.0|As a new foo fighters fan, i was surprised that it took me so long to find them.  This album is fully charged with great guitar riffs and soulful lyrics, which are often hard to find together.  &quot;hey, johnny  park!&quot; has a ridiculously cool intro on guitar, which i couldn't get  out of my head for about 2 weeks after i heard it.  The last song on the  album also has THE longest crescendo i have ever heard on a rock album,  after which it breaks into a frenzied chorus that grabs your body and  throws it against the wall.  I would rate the following songs with 5 stars:  monkey wrench; hey, johnny park!; my hero; everlong; new way home.  the  rest i would give four stars, so i would give it 4 and  1/2 stars overall.   An essential addition to any rocker's music library.
0399230033|5.0|My 4 year old son picked out this board book for my 1 year old daughter's Christmas present last year.  It quickly became THE book, particularly due to the expressions of surprise to find the animals in the house!  It has  also sparked an interest in visiting our local zoo and discussions of what  the animals do at night.
B00000J7RZ|2.0|J.L. was &quot;put-on&quot; for only obvious reasons which I don't need to get into. Yes, she is beautiful, but the girl plain and simply CANNOT SING!!!!!(though she can dance) The first time I heard her single on the  radio I just started cracking up. The first thing she said was &quot;I  won't take you cheating on me&quot; and you must agree when I say  &quot;SPARE ME...PLAYED OUT, NEXT SUBJECT!!&quot; Last but not least she  needs to come off it when she says she's been singing since she was  little...Okay, maybe she has, but somebody lied to her when they said it  was good!!  P.S.The 2 stars is for the beats, not her so-called  talent!!
B000002GQG|5.0|I shared my sentiment about the remastered crap. The sound on cd is not nearly as good and deep as the album i still keep and listened to on my old turntable. Sorry to say this to the younger generation who interest on the  Moody Blues: If you listen the songs on the cd, your experience is limited  and shalow. Go out and buy old albums and an old turntable, light up a  joint and listen...
B0000033TE|5.0|&quot;From my first hearing of ELP at the tender age  of 17,I was immedidately engrossed by their music. BSS was is a recording that needs to be listened to wearing headphones! Karn Evil No 9 is the propelling  cut,from the LP.
6304233639|2.0|This movie, for me, was a disapointment. Good special effects, yes, but that only goes so far. This was also some sort of send-up of sci-fi movies of the past, but they played it so straight-faced the actors come off  looking more like cliches than anything else. The dialogue was laughable  and you knew what was going to happen before it did. &quot;Mars  Attacks&quot; is a way better movie to me because they went all the way  with the camp humor and sci-fi references and it came out as it should be:  a lot of fun. This movie tried that, but it also tried to be dramatic at  the same time, so it failed at both.
B000001BX0|4.0|Ive just heard Molotov at the Roskilde festival 1999, a lot music from this album was preformed ending up in the best festival concert this year -rap that strings you down, and though guys in a party spirit that made the  hole tent come alive.  My respects!
0684803356|1.0|I spend about half my life reading - I've read almost all the books which would fall under the heading 'classic' so I think that qualifies me somewhat to say that, in my opinion, this book was just SOOOOO DULL.  I  couldn't get into it at all and laboured right to the halfway point before  finally deciding that if I continued any further I would most certainly  expire of boredom.  After reading all the rave reviews I feel as though I  read a different book to everyone else.  Give me Steinbeck any day but  forget Hemingway.
0375701427|5.0|In my opinion Roth's best since Portnoy's complaint. I totally empathised with the main character and found the picture of the world moving on, leaving some of the characters a bit behind, touching and accurate. Roth's  prose style is, as usual, immaculate. This book thoroughly deserved its  Pulitzer prize.
6304196938|5.0|This was Hitchcock's second best movie.  Only in Rear Window, which is a much different movie, did he do any better work.  Interestingly, the spot in the visitor's center at Mt. Rushmore where Eva shoots Cary was never  marked by anything.  Now, with all the work at Mt. Rushmore, the spot is  gone.  This movie is Hitchcock at his most Hitchcock.
B0000025SB|5.0|Overall, this CD was great. However, many of the songs are hard to listen. I found them to be exceptionally long. I found 'The Post War Dream' to be one rockin' song! As well as 'Not Now John'. And the instrumental solos are  some of the most soulful pieces of music I have ever heard.<br />Roger Waters  pours his thoughts onto paper so well. And his creativity made it come to  life. For example, the Gunner's dying words on the intercom being played at  the end of 'The Hero's Return'. I felt completely in tune with Roger Waters  and his wishes that the Gunner's dream could really be heeded.<br />I like to  look at this as a follow-up to The Wall and Dark Side of the Moon. Phrases  from both of these albums were used in much greater detail and put an  understanding to both. I think that's what people don't realize. Dark Side  of The Moon was about the war just as well as The Wall.
6300183513|5.0|I have at least 25 Hitchcock films in my video library and this is the best.  Grace was the epitome of the Hitchcock woman.  He worked hard at finding someone to replace her with Kim Novak in Vertigo, for example, or  Tippy in Marnie and the Birds, but he could never get it.  Hitchcock's love  of filming Grace is readily apparent in this film where each scene she  appears in is crafted to make her look ravishing (which would not be that  hard after all).  Stewart turns in perhaps his best Hitchcock performance  (Vertigo would be up there too), and the supporting cast is the best of  Hitchcock supporting casts.  The filming in the constraints of Stewart's  rear window only adds to the overall strength of this movie.  Amazing that  so many scenes could be filmed in this restrictive manner yet not be  distracting.
0375707972|5.0|This book stays with you after you finish.  I find myself thinking back to the characters and turning the story over in my mind.  A provocative book.  Not light.  I loved it.
B000001E3V|4.0|Though Clapton has proven through the years that he's more than just a guitarist, that he's also a fine singer and songwriter, it's his guitar playing that I'm interested in most and this CD has LOTS of it. He may have  played with more fire and speed with Cream, but here he displays a maturity  in his playing. He adds a lttle funk and soul to his blues playing and the  band backs him up superbly throughout (though I could've did without the  long drum solo in &quot;Let It Rain&quot;). You get 2 CDs' worth of stellar  guitar playing, and it rarely gets boring despite the length of the songs.  Some songs, especially &quot;Tell the Truth&quot;, I wish were longer. If  your'e into his guitar playing, this one is a must-have.
B000002C4C|5.0|The first time I allowed myself to listen to Mariah Carey, was when I got her Daydream cd for christmas.  Until then I had no interest in Mariah Carey's music.  When I received Daydream I became hooked. I listened to the  cd for hours everyday. After that, I could hardly wait for her next cd  release. I bought Butterfly the day of its release. I must tell you, as an  owner of over 60 cds, next to Lauryn Hill this is the best cd I own. Lots  of people comment on the rap and hip-hop sound that Mariah has adopted. I  think it is a wonderful attribution to this cd. Butterfly is one of the few  cds in which I can listen without skipping a track! I listen to it for  hours on end. My favorite track is Fourth of July. This song deplicts a lot  of the feelings you have on a first date, trembling, starry eyed. It's just  an absolutely beautiful cd, and I definitely recommend it for all Mariah  Carey fans, old and new!
B00000J8EK|4.0|As I'm listening to Surrender (particularly &quot;Let Forever Be&quot;), the overall vibe of this CD is that it is stripped down and has sparser beats than its predecessor, which isn't necessarily a bad thing.  Even  though DYOH was hip-hop influenced, I still like the approach both Ed and  Tom took on this one.  By using a stripped down approach with sparser  beats, they still manage to create a very decent album.  Definitely no  &quot;block rockin' beats&quot; on this one, but then again they did that  once already!
B000002L9M|5.0|This is the greatest album ever done. I have run out of words to continue prize them. GO GET IT.
0783113145|5.0|I really enjoyed this movie so much that i went out and bought it.Palminteri is one of the smoothest mafia bosses i've seen on the screen. As always, Robert Deniro shines brightly. This movie is one for the video  collection.
0871137380|5.0|As one of a few specially trained soldiers from Norway that was assigned to a special team from C.I.D. protecting the U.S. Commanding General in Somalia at the time of the Battle of the Mog. I was on duty that night at  the U.S. Embassy and heard first hand the radio coms. from the battle. Mr.  Bowden hits it head on, I can virtualy taste the dust and smell the  &quot;fume&quot; of that city on every page I turned in this book.
0060922583|5.0|This has to be one the best books I've ever read.  Talbot challenges all that is known to modern day science by blending in the unexplainable.  This book gives insight on some of the most mysterious things that happen in  life.  His \\"Holographic Model\\" makes the reader stop and think about all  traditional teachings of science, religion and reality.  It offers much to  debate for the \\"closed-minded\\" and even more to think about for the  \\"open-minded.\\"  Our perception of things has a great effect on the way we  live.  If you think that there is more to the universe than five senses,  strap yourself in and enjoy this thought provoking ride!
0767835107|1.0|lamest movie i've ever seen... well it's up there.... as the worst &quot;teen movies&quot;.. what a waste of great talented actors...
6305358567|5.0|I loved this movie simply because i loved History and this movie is a fountian of facts, Dates and important people. It may be dark and the cinamatagrophy was not great but this movie is still cool.
1573301051|2.0|practiced together 2 hrs before the show?!?! I would say some single songs were done well. but whole show was too superficial. notice carol king joined the group a day before the concert and you will see frustrated faces  as when they sing together. voices clash at the same vocal range and it  looks as if the singers were fighting to have their voice heard on some  songs.  it's been mixed pretty bad too. you can hear crowds cheering in the  real speakers noticebly sudden that you can almost imagine the turning  knobs on sound engineer's volume. &quot;save the music&quot; campaign  should've been left out as an extra feature for dvd. I'm just dissapointed  that it could've been so much better. it was a dvd with nice dresses to  look at.
B00000JGOH|3.0|This is a charming film.  It has nice array of cross-references to other plays, which makes you feel like you're in on the joke.  The performances are great.  But in the end I felt like the movie cheated a bit.  The final  scene has the Queen showing up an *sneaking* into the gallery to see the  work of the upstart author.  I had a hard time getting past this and  Paltrow's dreadful portrayal of a boy.  Make no mistake, this is a well  made film.  It excells in its craftsmanship.  For that alone Shakespeare In  Love is worth a screening.  But I'd reccommend renting before you purchase.
0800137884|4.0|From his time as a ruthless romanian knight fighting for his beleave in the Church to his ultimate devotion to evil as the vampire count see Dracula perform his evil deeds and powers on the innocent in an attempt to  regain his long lost love by any necessary means!!!!
B000002J09|5.0|I heard stairway to heaven on the radio and thought it was cool.  I was looking through my dads records and he had this one.  I put it in the record player and I was blown away, one of the best albums I have ever  heard, recomend it to everyone you know, a true classic
0800137884|4.0|Ever wonder how Dracula became a vampire??Find out in this film where you journey back to the time of the ruthless romanian knight Vlad Dracula who impaled and tortured his enemies in battle to defend The Catholic Church  against the Turks.Find the secret to the evil counts origin in this film.
0375707972|1.0|I read this book because of the attention that it received from Oprah.  I cannot believe how much they went on about this book.  I found it very boring and lost my interest right from the beginning.  Because of what I  heard on Oprah I kept reading hoping it would get better but it did not.
B00000J7RZ|4.0|considering that she's an actress, this really isn't as bad as i thought, although you can spot the limits of her voice,the melodies are very good, a little bland but easy to listen to. Don't expect this album to dazzle  you...
0871137380|4.0|A very good book.  The bravery of the QRF, Rangers and &quot;D-boys&quot; is incredible.  Human weaknesses are also shown. The book makes you question the political rationale for their being there.  Is it worth  sending American troops to a place like that, for those reasons?  Your  answer may change after reading this book. Bowden does a great job of  describing the human emotions and pain of the battle.  However, it might  have been better to focus on a fewer number of individuals, and give more  details of what it was like for that person.  This book had so many stories  going on that it was virtually impossible to keep them straight. Get this  book and read it.  You will not be sorry.
B00000JCB2|1.0|Limp Bizkit is your typical angry guy group with uninspired lyrics and melodies. This CD is aimed at the masses of teenage boys that don't realize that this CD is bad...
B000002BUY|5.0|This is one of my favorite cds, it has a mix of beats that vary from korn to faith no more, it also has some sweet lyrics like in 'redefine'. Brandon's voice reminds me of Mike Patton. If you haven't seen them live,  you better watch them, its awesome.
B00000ILDE|4.0|Contrary to just about everyone I know I think Aliens is the worst of the four. Although the Director's cut fleshes out some much needed detail it is inferiour in photography and style to the other three. It's popularity can  only be explained when you realise it's the most American of the series.  Pace and violence replace beautiful photography, story telling by exposee  and pictures. James Cameron is a maker of expensive enjoyable B movies.  Alien and Alien 3 were made by ex-commercial filmers (who are visually  oriented) and 4 was made by half of a french team which made superb visual  films. It shows.
014028009X|5.0|This book was such a quick read.  I enjoyed relating to Bridget in this story--counting calories on a daily basis, obsessed with my weight, nitpicking everything in my life.  It reminded me a lot of the show  &quot;Sex and the City,&quot; not &quot;Ally McBeal&quot; as much.  Bridget  was trying to find Mr. Right throughout the book, realizing that it was  about time to &quot;settle down,&quot; but she decided she wasn't going to  settle for just anyone.  I liked her strengths and weaknesses as a  character.  Fun summer read.
6302306485|3.0|The best of the Trek films?  Give me a break.  A cosmic ashcan towing a soccer ball wants to sing to the whales and vaporizes our oceans because none sing back...and we NEVER find out what it wanted or heard from George  and Gracie.  The film is littered with other sophomorically written  inanities (like the President of the Federation officiating at Kirk's  trial...makes about as much sense as Reagan running Ollie North's trial  would.)  Shatner has given up even trying to pretend that Kirk is any less  arrogant and self-obsessed than he is, and as a result, the Admiral this  time out is thoroughly unlikeable.  The matte paintings are obvious and the  alien makeups (for the audience in Kirk's &quot;trial&quot;) are  embarrassingly bad.  Leonard Rosenman's score is utterly forgettable.  But  none of this mattered to audiences who couldn't get enough of &quot;Back to  the Future&quot;-style silliness from the year before.  Apparently all they  needed were lots of yuks like Scotty talking into a Mac-mouse or Sulu  startling himself with a windshield wiper.  Oh, well...it was worth it for  seeing Spock neck-pinch the punk, and for Scotty's wonder-filled  &quot;There be whales here!!&quot;  And mediocre as this was, it was still  head and shoulders above what followed.  I still think ST-TMP and ST III  were the best of the bunch.
0140277447|2.0|The author is a journalist, but no historian.  The chronology of events listed and the dates are in disagreement with many other histories, including the 'official' accounts given by the KMT government.  This book  is written to evoke great amounts of emotion, but begins to show many  weaknesses when viewed by those with any historical knowledge.  This is a  good book to add to a collection of works about WWII history, but the  reader should definitely read other accounts in order to not be sucked in  by the inaccuracies and sensational journalism in Chang's portrayal of a  historical event.  Just as one does not rely solely upon the National  Enquirer to learn about the news, one should not take this book's version  of history at face value.  The book, &quot;When Tigers Fight&quot; give a  better account of events during this part of World War II and is  recommended for further reading.
0375707972|1.0|I have very little free time to read books of pleasure and I am very disappointed that I chose this one to dive into.  It was extremely difficult to finish due to the uneventful plot and extremely low character  base. Who needs kleenex, try caffeine!!
0194314227|5.0|I first was introduced to this dictionary when beginning my studies of English in 1977 at the University in Belgrade. It surprised me how non-threatening, easy to follow and thorough a book of its kind could be.  Since then, I have moved to the United States and am now teaching English  in New York City. The dictionary is still extremely useful with its  Grammar, usage, and spelling. I am currently working on designing  vocabulary excises for high school seniors and I turn to my Hornby again. I  wish there were a way to thank him for creating such a valuable resource  for students and teachers alike.
0800137884|5.0|I have never seen a more perfect movie. Other movies are great, etc., but never was a movie so perfect. Just the prologue alone is probably the most powerful scene in all of movie-making. I mean, could there be a more  stirring scene than when Prince Vlad was mourning his beloved's death? I  think it's brilliant how this version of Dracula tied in the historical  15th-century Prince Vlad to the love story that was to take place in  Victorian London. Gary Oldman is no less than perfect as the Roumanian  prince who went berserk after finding out that his beloved was dead. And  that whole blasphemy scene was just overwhelming. I love the idea that he  lived on for centuries all because of the undying love he had for his wife.  And he wasn't exactly happy with what he became, he lived in agony. I feel  so bad for him. There are so many memorable scenes in this movie. The one  in which Dracula sees Mina (the reincarnation of his wife) for the first  time, and the scene in which Dracula made Mina his bride. I give two thumbs  up to the entire cast, including Keanu Reeves who most people think  shouldn't have been casted in this film. Personally, I think Reeve's  laughable take at an English accent only added more spice. I have seen this  movie over a hundred times and I am still not getting tired of it. If you  are looking for an all-around great movie, this is the perfect movie for  you. Especially if you can see past all the horror of the film, you will  find one of the greatest love stories ever told.
B00000IMTH|5.0|I THINK IT'S THE BEST ALBUM OF RAINBOW WITH THE ALBUM RAINBOW RISING. YOU MUST HAVE IT. RONNIE JAMES DIO IS AND WILL BE THE BEST SINGER OF RAINBOW FOR ETERNITY.
0671027344|5.0|I could have read two hundred more letters from Charlie.  He was unlike anyone I'd ever met, and he was me.  Chbosky has created a world that is real, and truthful.  Charlie tells the truth, even when he's lying to  himself.  Perhaps teenage angst isn't your thing.  Perhaps you don't like  epistolary novels.  Whatever.  This is a new generation's Catcher in the  Rye.  Please read this book.
6303014100|5.0|I have practically worn out my video of this movie.  It is so good.  It's amazing how closely it follows the book and gets into the mood of the time.  All without the usual obligatory vulgarities and sex that most modern  films have to have!  The truest test of how great this film is can be seen  when you randomly freeze the frame--you'll notice that almost without  exception you will have a perfectly framed picture.  Awesome!
0553108034|5.0|This book is as good or better then A Game of Thrones.  The story is involving, if a little unweildy, but its strength is a cast of three-dimensional characters that you really care about. They do, say, and  think interesting things, and you don't need as much  suspension-of-disbelief to identify with them as most epic fantasy  characters.  In fact, ACoC reads more like a historical novel, a  novelization of England's War of the Roses say, than a fantasy.  There is  just a touch of magic (although more than in the first book), and like a  good spice it's just enough to give it a pleasant fantasy  flavoring.<br />There is a fair amount of salacious detail and stark (no pun  intended) violence, but its not gratuitous; in most cases it fits right in  with the medieval wartime setting and the moral leanings of the characters.   And let's face it: most of us find that stuff interesting (if you don't  believe me, glance to your left the next time your in a supermarket  checkout line...)<br />I highly recommend this book, but it does have one  problem: it shows signs of the &quot;plot creep&quot; that has ruined  Jordan's Wheel of Time series.  Martin is a better writer than Jordan  (although I loved the first five books of WoT), and I hope that he realizes  that he doesn't have to make a career out of this series.  If he keeps it  to four or five books it will be a classic.
B000002NIW|5.0|The cd is really great and the Deftones have a lot of talent. I'll admit, I'm a new Deftones fan and I just love them now. It great how the songs go from melow to totally rockin' and screamin'. After all this time of knowing  about them I finially decided to buy their cd around the fur, and I'm glad  that I did. You will be too
0446605409|3.0|This is the first book by the author I have read. Although not a masterpiece, I believe I will seek out some of his other works to compare. The story line struck me as odd, however the author is skilled enough to  make it believable. The characters have depth and the plot twists and bends  so that you are quite surprised by the end of the book. All in all, not a  bad read.
157492589X|5.0|I have seen and enjoyed many western movies, but this one showed a lot of personality over plot that made it much different than most. My only regret is that Gus would have been good in the sequel, much more than Pete.  Gus  would have handled Newt's problem much better, I would think.
B00000017D|1.0|I am a long time FAS fan and own over 40 of his cd's. I wish this cd had never come out. Talk about driving a bulldozer over your career, Sinatra should have let this &quot;opportunity&quot; pass and let his fans enjoy  other works from his discography.
0790729989|5.0|There's some dark s--- in here, yes, but there's techincally not any violence. There are a few gunshots, but none of it gruesome, as the reviews here would lead you to believe.  It does have gruesome footage of corpses  after violence, but there's not really much actual violence here.  Just  thought I'd clear that up. Oh yah, Kevin Spacey's the best actor around
0380973464|4.0|Very impressive in that it's decidedly non-cyberpunk. <br />The WWII scenes were witty and gritty. The present day scenes had all of the wonder and paranoia needed to keep them alive and interesting.<br />I've been reading NS  (&amp; SB) from the beginning and I'm delighted to see that his prose chops  work as well with the historical epic as they do with the sci-fi cyber  world of the near future.<br />IMHO, one of our generation's most gifted  writers.<br />Read Cryptonomicon. Read it now.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Smooth is a fantastic song.  There are at least 5 great songs on this disc.  What a great mix of old and new sounds with a latin flavor.  I love it
0920668372|5.0|This book will touch your heart!  It is a must have for all parents.  I read it the first time very reluctantly; I now read it at least once a month--never without a dry eye.  It shows how precious our children are and  how precious the times we have with them are, even when we want to scream!   It tells us to make the most of the times we have when they're young  because those years go so very fast.
B00000JCB2|5.0|You can tell by listening to this CD that Fred Durst(lead singer) really does have something significant to say. The album contains a wide range of rock tones and beats from one side of the music spectrum to the other to  sastify the eager listener, even if someone isn't a fan, more than likely  he/she could find a song that they would enjoy and like to listen to over  and over. This album is a MUST buy for a hard rock music lover!
6304432461|5.0|I never get tired of watching this movie -- one of the greatest action movies of all time, and perfectly cast as well.  Not a bad presentation of media and police satire, either.
B000002C1X|5.0|Pink Floyd is one of the best bands you will ever listen too.I've got two of there cd's and they are great you really get what you pay for.Judgeing by the amount of people writing there reviews they would agree with me.     I encourage you to listen to there music if you don't already do so.
B000005J56|5.0|This is an absolutely beautifully produced and magnificent collection.  The songs are haunting, lovely, joyous, the chemistry among the performers amazing -- the kind of CD that comes along once in a lifetime.<br />The more I  listen the more I am astonished in all ways: the instrumentation is  wonderful, the voices incomparable.<br />Ry Cooder lends a superb presence and  in bringing these great muscicians together deserves our endless thanks:  he's fashioned a masterpiece.
