B004SUWR2C|4.0|all I can say is OK.  its completley &agrave;verage. ok in everything.  but Mindanao stupid.  that means Mindanao it means average
B006OV7S1I|4.0|MARTHA MARCY MAY MARLENE is the story of a young woman who is lured into a cult, only to eventually become disillusioned and flee to the real world, where she seeks refuge with her sister.  The film is told in a series of alternating flashbacks, which takes some adjusting to; at times, these subtle cutaways work very well, flowing seamlessly together; at other times, they create a jilted, jumbled film where we're never quite sure where we are (and not in the good way).<br /><br />What anchors the film are its performances: natural, organic, almost flawless.  The film is situated firmly on the shoulders of Elizabeth Olsen (the Olsen sister you should pay attention to).  She gives a layered, haunting performance; it's truly hard to take your eyes off her, especially as her character tries to adjust to \\"normal\\" society.  The other half of the equation is Patrick, the cult leader who seduces Martha.  John Hawkes gives a collected, simmering performance; beneath his benevolent smile beats the heart of a true Manson, and you're never sure whether or not that figure will burst through (or if he's even there at all).<br /><br />Director Sean Durkin clearly has a strong sense of framing a scene (there are a lot of extended shots, and the type of Steadicam shots that actually create tension and intimacy, rather than dissipate it).  His screenplay is equally adept; this is truly a well-made film, hindered only by its own real lack of narrative structure.  This is only a minor inconvenience, however; as a whole, MARTHA MACY MAY MARLENE is a beautiful, often uncomfortable, emotionally provocative film.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|It's a great time waster.  It's fun to unlock new games. The ads are the only downside, but don't hinder the game play at all.
B004SBULWE|5.0|This app is very helpful. It will kill an app if somthing is wrong with it. It is a great app.
B000X2H8G4|5.0|I bought this to try to see if it would help my 81 year old mother to hear.She was missing out on alot of conversations when family is in to visit because she could not hear.She does not like anything in her ears so i knew hearing aids were not going to work for her.I ordered it with the free super saver shipping and it arrived in a week.One AAA battery and it's ready to go.She put it on and right away noticed a difference.The TV was way down to a tolerable level and she could hear it which without this product would never happen.She could slip the headphones on and off while i was talking and could see what a big difference they make.I am going to get her to order another one tomorrow to put away for a backup when family are in she will have an extra set in case these ever give out.i know she will use them alot and curious how long the one AAA battery will hold up before needs changing.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|pretty good but the games r where to hard it is so hard I only unlocked like 7 games in almost 2 months
B0079Q68LI|5.0|The cheaper edition of my favourite Agatha Christie I've ever found, and the cover is amazing !  I therefore strongly recommend this book, which is the very first appearance of Hercule Poirot...  Have a nice reading !
B004UHSB5A|2.0|It takes numerous attempts to get a bone in its proper position, in other words to \\"stick\\" to the end. Very frustrating and takes away from the enjoyment. The bones are tiny on a tablet, I can't imagine playing on a phone. The number of village idiots is expanding, must be a disease.
B004XN3FHA|5.0|You cannot beat this light.  Whatever level of light you need its ready to deliver.  The strobe is absolutely overpowering.  For the money you cannot go wrong.
B000002GA8|5.0|Rick Wakeman spent his down time from Yes creating concept albums like this one. Spoken words told the storyline, while an orchestra, rock band and Wakeman's keyboards added classical-rock-film score sounds. Wakeman was part of a triple bill when I saw him in Philly, coming on after Larry Coryell's Eleventh House and Gentle Giant. I remember him coming on stage for a second encore at 1:30 a.m., stunned that the crowd was still there. He explained that the band didn't have anything else to play, so they played an encore tune a second time \\"changing it up a bit,\\" as he said. For those who never heard what classical rock music was, this is a good start, after ELP, Yes and King Crimson.
B0067Q42BY|5.0|good game but a little easy can't. beat a free app when you can get it I will play it when I am bored
0894803123|5.0|I received this yesterday, and absolutely love it. It is very informative, and has wonderful recipes. After reading it you will not only have the ability to make their recipes, but feel comfortable creating our own. A great book for anyone who is new to making homemade ice cream, or just wants to expand their knowledge on the subject.
B005ZOBNOI|3.0|The young adult genre of literature has undergone a redefinition in the past decade or so. These days if you don't have a dragon, vampire, or dystopian fight to the death, you're not YA. But people forget that Catcher in the Rye was YA, as was To Kill a Mockingbird, Tom Sawyer and Huck Finn. The Fault in Our Stars is traditional YA, which simultaneously makes it difficult for an adult to classify as well as critique because the competition (the greatest works of our literary tradition) is so fierce.<br /><br />I was not impressed with the first half of the novel, so if you find yourself with one of those reviewers who only read the first 100 pages or so of any book their impression may be skewed. Picture Dawson's Creek but instead of Dawson and Joey just being cancerous, they actually have cancer. Hazel and Augustus meet in a support group. Augustus is in remission after losing half a leg to osteosarcoma while Hazel - though not officially in remission - has beaten lung cancer for years longer than expected due to a \\"miracle\\" drug, though at the cost of having to wheel an oxygen tank around wherever she goes.<br /><br />They are predictably falling for each other even though Hazel is playing hard to get (remember Joey in the first season and a half of Dawson's?), trying to minimize the collateral damage her eventual death will cause. She already worries that her death will bring the end of her parents, through either divorce or worse, and this is one of the only redeeming qualities to our narrator in the early parts of the book. Augustus eventually whittles her down thanks to a shared interest in an esoteric novel and a sentimental, frankly unnecessary journey to Amsterdam to meet the book's author and get some answers to the fictitious novel's abrupt ending. Circumstances force Hazel and Augustus to group up from their snarky selves in the second half while the book comes to its inevitable but moving conclusion. The typical reader will love Augustus throughout, but your patience with Hazel nearly runs out before she redeems herself at the end. Unfortunately, you're stuck with her as your narrator through the entire course of the book.<br /><br />Stars is the best-reviewed book of 2012 so far. The author, John Green, has a rabid online fanbase and they have predictably flooded Amazon with positive reviews, but the New York Times and your other \\"old reliables\\" also found themselves tripping over their tongues with praise. It's not a bad book and I would actually love to use it in the classroom one day. The prose, especially the vocabulary, is quite advanced and most teenage readers would find it challenging. I feel the buzz it is receiving as a genre-breaker is unwarranted, though. Maybe it just can't compete with the books it's being compared to. Maybe after the string of books I've been going through recently, my tastes have become more discerning. But to me, this is one young adult book best left to the young adults. They will appreciate it more.<br /><br />[...]ith Hazel nearly runs out before she redeems herself at the end. Unfortunately, you're stuck with her as your narrator through the entire course of the book.    Stars is the best-reviewed book of 2012 so far. The author, John Green, has a rabid online fanbase and they have predictably flooded Amazon with positive reviews, but the New York Times and your other \\"old reliables\\" also found themselves tripping over their tongues with praise. It's not a bad book and I would actually love to use it in the classroom one day. The prose, especially the vocabulary, is quite advanced and most teenage readers would find it challenging. I feel the buzz it is receiving as a genre-breaker is unwarranted, though. Maybe it just can't compete with the books it's being compared to. Maybe after the string of books I've been going through recently, my tastes have become more discerning. But to me, this is one young adult book best left to the young adults. They will appreciate it more.    [...]
B000FC0SIM|4.0|Stephen King touches upon life and writing in his ON WRITING.<br /><br />King's memoir will not tell a writer how to become a bestseller, but it does tell the story of how Stephen King became the writer he is. Like in the Wizard of Oz, he pulls the curtain back and reveals who he is. ON WRITING starts from King's childhood to his near-fatal accident in 1999. For readers, it is a touching and memorable memoir filled with laughs, tears, shocks, and (what the King of Horror does best) horror.<br /><br />For writers, King gives advice on the tools of the trade, how to learn the craft of writing, and his process. Some of his best advice comes in \\"read a lot and write a lot\\" and to create your toolbox to go with you into writing. His advice on agents is a bit antiquated in the fast-paced changes in the current publishing market, but any writer should be required to read ON WRITING, even as a gentle reminder on why we write.<br /><br />ON WRITING by Stephen King is a must-read for his fans and those who want to learn a bit more about the writing process from the top in the horror field.
0307957934|2.0|The man vs. machine battle has waged on seemingly throughout time. On the pages of fiction, mostly sci-fi, it was probably done best with Arthur C. Clarke's HAL in 2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY.  This time out, author Robert Harris depicts how an intelligent computerized investment program may be taking over --- and its' very creator is unable to stop it.  With echoes of FRANKENSTEIN, Harris's THE FEAR INDEX starts off with good intentions to be a top-notch thriller but just does not deliver.  The problem is, we've seen it all before --- and done far more effectively.  Yes, watching billionaire-investment mogul, Dr. Alex Hoffman, crumble before the power of his own creation --- the Vixal system --- is worth watching and gives a little payback to those greedy bankers who put the world in its' current economic tail-spin.  Unfortunately, all delight ends there as the novel seemingly runs out of steam and has a quite lackluster ending.  I expected far more from Mr. Harris.
B005I6EVUG|5.0|I hesitated at the cost of this case, but after receiving it, I can say it is more than well worth the money. It's not only beautiful to look at, but you can also see and feel the quality of the case. It is worth every penny. The outside is beautifully embossed leather, while the inside is made of a soft suede to keep your Kindle safe. It really is perfect and it fits a Kindle \\"Touch\\" perfectly.
030788743X|5.0|Heard about this novel via BoingBoing and am I ever so grateful for that.  First off, this is a thrilling story of the small against the large and immensely powerful. The individual with dreams and ideals vs. the faceless, profit driven, destructive, greedy huge corporations. Full of adventure and well rendered characters.  Secondly, as someone who came of age during the years of the corner arcade, the Atari 2600, War Games and the Commodore computers this book had such wonderful resonance. The author touches upon and weaves into the overall plot all the wonderful things that made being a nerd growing up in the 1980's so wonderful.  Basically, if you like any of the following you owe it to yourself to read this novel: virtual reality, technology, dystopian futures, modern thrillers, tales of the small vs. the very powerful or 1980's nerdish delights.  Buy the dead tree version or download the kindle version right this moment and get to reading. You won't be disappointed.
B004UHSB5A|2.0|i started getting annoyed at the way you place the dominos on the board. the dominos would turn green as if im placing them. however I had to repeat the same plays over 10 times.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|Awesome addictive challenging game. Love it! It has great game play and variety.  If you love puzzle games this game is for you. Very addictive and lots of fun to play.
B00005JPSM|3.0|The biggest issue I have always had with American remakes of foreign films is that our versions come out so commercial-looking.  The original of this movie \\"Mostly Martha\\" outshines No Reservations largely due to the fact that Catherine Zeta-Jones doesn't pull off the vulnerability needed for the role.  Her sister has died and she winds up responsible for her young niece but Jones never comes near the pain the loss of a sibling would truly cause - especially given the fact that she had practically raised her sister after their own mother died.  This fact could very easily have explained the main character's often neurotic behavior, but it's never touched upon.  As a result, the growth of this character falls flat.  The actress playing the young niece did a far better job at sharing the emotion of her loss, her pain. Eckhart was really excellent as the Sioux-chef, quite possibly because he played a lot of scenes with the girl.  He comes off just as his character should - intelligent, caring and damned good at his job. I suppose if you don't see the original and aren't familiar with foreign film making, or with Hollywood's tendency to pull only what they think will sell from the story line - you might disagree with my rating. Will I watch it again?  Yes.  Why?  The cooking scenes were stupendous.  I actually learned a few kitchen pointers.  LOL.
B006ON41FC|5.0|hiim just writing this hi h I h rich I hi hi hih hi. hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi h hi hi him him him him him him jim
B000GH2YPG|5.0|The book came very fast and in excellent condition. I was very excited as it is one of my fav books ever and mine had been loaned out never to be seen from again
0312641893|5.0|I absolutely loved this debut and cannot wait to read the rest of this series. I flew through this book and had such trouble putting it down; I was actually really surprised at how quickly I got through this novel because this font is on the small side and it is 400 pages long. But Meyer's prose flowed so well and her characters were really interesting.  The world building was great and I liked this futuristic reworking of Cinderella (the little allusions here and there were fun to spot). The whole hierarchy of humans, cyborgs and bots was cool, and getting to read about the inner workings of the government with other countries and the Lunars through chapters following Prince Kai was intriguing and added a great depth to the book as a whole.  I loved Cinder as a main character- she was fun, thoughtful, intelligent, and resourceful. The other characters were handled well too, even the evil stepmother and stepdaughters (though Peony wasn't really evil). I also loved Cinder's helper bot who was just a hoot. I did think Queen Levana was a bit one-dimensional and, though I hate her with a passion (I kept thinking \\"JUST STAB HER!\\" whenever she came on the scene), hope we get more characterization from her in future books.  The ending for me was okay. It was a perfectly fine ending, but I was hoping for a bit more, i.e. Levana death as well as some other things. We do have three more books though so I guess we have to keep some threads open.  Overall though, a fantastic, engrossing debut from Meyer (who is also a Sailor Moon fanfic writer, which makes her even more awesome in my eyes) and one I think you all should read.
B0062NAX1U|1.0|One of the most judgemental movies of all time. In Adam's closing sermon he actually says anyone who does not want his Christian god in their life is not a good person.  That's right, any Buddhists, Hindus, Jews, Muslims, agnostics or atheists can not be good people.  Of course no logical explanation for this is provided, just religious superstition - the same religious superstition that the producers would use to deny others of basic human rights such as access to safe legal abortion or gay marriage.<br /><br />The one thing the movie got right was showing all the problems the drug war causes for society.  Pretty much every major problem portrayed in the movie was a result of the insane war on drugs, including robbing children of their fathers.  Of course, the protagonist is blissfully ignorant that his \\"family values\\" brand of politics are the source of all these problems and the producers certainly are equally naive.<br /><br />If that's not enough this far right-wing flick is degrading to women, demoting the mothers to family maids, leaving all real responsibility and leadership roles to the fathers.  It should have been called Father Knows Best, The Movie.<br /><br />Unless you're stuck the 50s, or wish you were, do not waste your time or money on this steaming pile of Christian propaganda.
B004UHSB5A|1.0|The dominoes are miniscule!! And they won't stick!! That's the whole game!! They need to patch this thing up. Not good even for free!
B006PHD0RW|5.0|Bag it is a super fun, cute, yet challanging game.  I really enjoy it and would recommend it to anyone who enjoys puzzle games!
B000OY8NII|5.0|I love the season 1 DVD of Eureka! The episodes here are very good.  I LOVE the Pilot episode.  I laughed SOOO Hard! The characters are well written.  The acting is great by everyone.
B0063GORYU|5.0|Crisp looks.  Smooth animations.  Decent selection of options. Un-obtrusive ads. Awesome app for being free. Careful, or it will waste all of your free time.
B001J3U22S|5.0|I have ripped through all Brian Herbert's and Keviin Anderson's  Dune books, I only finish books when they are so good I can't put them down, this  is the only series where I had the next book lined up ready to go, so I wouldn't be without the next Dune story.  I have read negative reviews and can't understand them.  I read all the original Dune books and only loved the first one and \\"God Emperor of Dune.\\" All the other books I just read hoping they get interesting. This might be my favorite Brian and Kevin book.
B006PZBR8S|5.0|I cannot add more than has already been said. Real Steel is action packed, has great special effects, and will have you cheering for a beat-up robot, a down-on-his-luck former boxer and the son he never knew.<br /><br />The chemistry between the cast is palpable - and I absolutely loved Dakota Moyo as Max. The kid had heart!<br /><br />I am not sure what the negative reviewers expected, Shakespear it sure isn't.<br />But if you want a movie that will make you feel great, make you smile, then watch this one!
0761169253|5.0|It's always nice to have a book come along and give you a swift kick in the pants when you need it. Steal Like An Artist kicked me twice. I devoured the book in 20 minutes and was flying high afterward. A lot of what's in the book is common sense, but broken down into easy to understand language mixed in with some very cool artwork. I would also say that the book is not necessarily for artists alone. You can take what's written and tweak them to your specifications no matter what your call in life is. I look forward to more books by Austin Kleon!
B005HSL626|4.0|fruit ninja is a really fun and entertaining app.you try to slice the fruit and try to avoid the bombs I LOVE this app and think you should get it too;)
B006UG90RM|1.0|One star was as low as I could go; a couple of years ago it was revealed by early VH producer Ted T, that David L Roth NEVER sang an entire song all the way thru in the studio.  The reason? He couldn't.  Sammy was smart to get out of these mess while he could, and Eddie is still hoping to get sober while slinging that muck around that passes for guitar playing...horrible rubbish
B005ZUR724|5.0|great game best rpg on aneroid/kindle not to mention best mmorpg lots of quests and loot. a lot like world of warcaft.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I love this game it is fun fun fun!!!!!! peaple lean over your sholder just try it and you will love it
B0055SWM08|5.0|good game.  very addictive.  good on kindle fire.  yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah.
B0063IH60K|5.0|This is a great app!!!!  Wonderful for passing time and using your brain...makes you think!!!! I highly recommend this app!!! If you don't like this game os Solitaire then maybe you do not know how to play Solitaire!!!  Fun Fun Fun!!!!
B0055S348W|3.0|love this for my epic phone.  Whoever, I paid 12.95 for this for my kindle fire and it still asks for purchase of the paid key.  And it won't let you download this either.  please fix this great app for the kindle!
B002BU0DPE|5.0|This was a gift item for the holidays, and all I can say is it was worth the money for a gift, came fast, very fast, so I could wrap it for the holidays, works wonderful, excellent for gamers...you won't be disappointed..
B00068V384|5.0|I cannot remember a single interpretation so humane, so intimately connected with death as experienced by the living remaining ones. I could not help but spend the whole listening time with the departed ones, known and loved ones, unknown others, human beings all of them. Human beings all of us. I said good bye, again, to each and everyone. Death is the grandest of the events, incomprehensible, yet ever present. Saying farewell must be done easily as if not to wake up the departed, the beauty of what we have lost is laid before our eyes for the last time. In glory, with splendor and pain. All is like an enchanted story told by a master story teller in a strange language, a language that pours simple and pure feelings inside one's soul. Such an interpretation must not be appreciated by technical means. It is far beyond the reach of these limited means. One must be courageous enough to let it engulf oneself.
B001UV4XHY|5.0|Or course when I ordered it, it was $5.99 and went down to 4.99 after I ordered it, ha ha, of course, however, you can't beat it cuz it was shipped, making it better than going out and dealing with crowds and such....arrived fast, well packed, just as described..
B006ISJQ1W|4.0|Negatives:  Movie seemed disjointed as it jumped about between people and places. Sketchy as if scripted by committee. Many potentially interesting stories such as the role of tourism and sugar plantations on the lives of the indigenous needed more depth.  The back story of how the book was written; the attempt to movie it; and Thompson's life itself are more interesting than what was selected for the movie. Thompson's life would have been a more interesting movie.  Positives:  Depp showed us his character in being committed, loyal and honest in following through and finishing Thompson's work.  It took about 20 to 30 minutes to sort the movie out and at that point one can just let the scenes jump about without worrying about \\"what am I missing here?\\" Perhaps mirroring Thompson's life.  Great location, sets, costuming and props authenticity. They actually filmed in some of the original locations. Kudos for that.  Great acting by all. Depp displayed his usual mannerisms but they seemed as if they would fit Thompson's character.  Great dialogue selection showcasing Thompson's thinking, two examples: \\"Human beings are the only creatures on Earth that claim a God. And the only living thing that behaves like it hasn't got one. Does the world belong to no one but you.\\" and \\"This is America. Do you think some plumber from Normal, Illinois saves up for 25 years to come here on a cruise ship to read about bad times in the sugar plantation? The average guy don't rock the boat, 'cause he wants to climb aboard it. And our readership is vividly average.\\"
B006ON41FC|5.0|Awesome game so so so much fun.  The whole family loves it!  Haven't had any problems with the game system.
B006HGXGWU|3.0|Positives:  Acting but with that cast it's hard to go wrong.  Somewhat well directed and written storyline of a man who appears to have either inherited a delusional, almost paranoid, mental illness or that he has a gift (from whatever source) to foresee an upcoming tragic weather related event.  Overall a nice flow of building tension as the viewer is torn between choosing the illness or the supernatural explanation.  Negatives:  Story had it's plodding predicable stretches especially within a two hour, mostly singular location, movie.  Low budget CGI of crows, tidal wave and funnels over ocean was a bit disappointing. Seemed to cheapen the movie.  Ambiguous endings in movies are too often a result of writers enamored with their own cleverness. Since it's their story that a viewer has watched for 119 minutes and not the viewer's story they should finish the final minute of their story. Every beginning in life has a ending unless you're into infinite parallel alternative universes.
B004SBS8LA|5.0|It's installed on our pc's,  cell phones and now our tablets lol. Even my mother enjoys it!  Fun for all ages (7, 30 and 52) and addicting!
B006JPS1OM|4.0|This is a great game if you want a good mystery. I am very pleased doth the game. At first glance it didn't look good but I changed my mind.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Hi people get this game it is the best game in the market it has over 100 games and it is a good game
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|I received my Kindle Fire as a Christmas present, and immediately knew I wanted a protective cover for it. It is heavier than my Nook, so I wanted a lightweight cover, and the MicroShell Folio Cover by Marware seemed to fit the bill. It is so lightweight I was skeptical when I first took it out of the package, but after seeing how well my Kindle Fire fit inside, and how it has protected it from being in suitcases, coat pockets, and the car door pocket, I am convinced it is the right cover for me. I have used the easel feature occasionally with no problems, and the inside of the cover keeps the face of my Kindle looking great. The elastic strap keeps the cover securely closed, and is great to keep my Kindle from slipping out of my hand while in use. I would recommend it to anyone wanting a lightweight, protective cover for their Kindle Fire.
B005HSL626|5.0|You can pass by a lot of time with this game. Its also cool because you can unlock different features by playing. It also gives some fun facts about fruit when it tells you your score. I would recommend playing the arcade mode, its a lot more fun.
B004SQS9FA|4.0|Not everyone will like this CD: the tracks are intentionally amorphous -- like a sonic vision experienced during a drug-filled dream.  These tracks work well largely because they are so very carefully crafted in the studio.  Every note and beat is considered for an overall aural effect.  Loved it.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|its a good game if u got nothing 2 do. like passing time u can earn points for free and BUY but COST REAL MONEY
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game has multiple games that are so addicting to play.I play this game every day and all night every day.
B004UHSB5A|4.0|Once again, my standards seem to be well below those of my peers who have earlier written of the horrors of this little game, because - for me, on my little Droid from Verizon - it's a fun diversion, for which I paid nothing, and which seems to work just fine.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I discovered this app on my kindle fire a little while ago and I really like it so far. After that I went and downloaded it for my phone as well. Really love the different language choices.  It is definitely the best Bible app I've come across.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love the Bible App because it gives you so many options like note bookmark or even label and also highlight and I just love reading from the NIM because I'm 11 but mine and God's relationship is getting stronger and stronger now
B006JPS1OM|2.0|if the free version has all kinds of glicths what makes you think that people r going to buy it I am tired of free trials having all kinds of problems...most people will just remove it just like I did and probalby not get more games from this company.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|Good game but it doesn't do anything for me. I like the angry beaver one better. Go birdies. Tweet tweet
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this is very addicting and you will not be able to put it down...it is a must have for any kindle fire owner.
B004UHSB5A|2.0|So I drag the freaking rectangle to where I want it and it lights up green. So I release.....do you think it stayed there? Hell no! So let me try 2 more times. Finally! That's ok now that I have a headache from squinting due to the microscopic tiles. Crappy on Kindle, pron crappy on everything. Grrrrrr  I've cooled off a bit and gave another star cause it is dominos.
B004UHSB5A|2.0|If the train gets too long and goes near the edge of the screen weird things start happening. Dominoes overlap partially sometimes, completely other times, and then yet other the domino will play completely off screen so you can't see what you can play next round. Board needs to auto recenter or something when it gets too close to the edge.
B004SJ3AXI|4.0|Found it a tad more challenging then the original. Still good. Why pigs and birds? Hmmm....very interesting and peculiar. Bad piggies.
0446556750|3.0|I really like the Lincoln Lawyer books and some of the ones focused on Bosch.  This is a good combination with an interesting story. The Lincoln Lawyer is on the DA's side this time and takes the case but isn't very happy with representing the people rather than the \\"underdog\\" (quotation marks mine, like the defendant is an underdog in 21st century Los Angeles). In any event it is an interesting tale about the re-trial of a convicted murderer 20+ years after the original crime.  There are some finely drawn characters.  The convict is sufficiently oily and the lone witness from all those years ago has an interesting life history that is well presented. The description of the LAPD Special Investigations Section, their surveillance specialists, was new and different.  It reminded me of the old Dragnet TV show where Jake Webb picked a little known unit of LAPD and built a story around it. Two previous Bosch books Echo Park and the one set in Hong Kong are mentioned but you didn't have to read them to understand this book. As an aside I wouldn't bother reading the one where our boy goes to Hong Kong.  It was a snooze fest.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|I was hesitant at first but this is a very addicting game. . . . . . . . .
B004UHSB5A|2.0|not the best app ever because u can play dominoes at ur house......idk, but its portable so ill give it props...only 2 that's it!!!!
0345472322|5.0|This book was an awesome tool for self improvement, great advice to motivate the reader to not only better understand themselves but also to better inspire their students/employees to learn, grow, and achieve their dreams.
B001UV4XFG|5.0|What can I say? I absolutely love Twilight and movies, so this buy just added to my collection of movies I like to watch over and over again!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|its a cool game, its free and fun.  the games are pretty short but they're amusing. you should try it
B006W0QOF2|5.0|This movie had a great plot, suspense and acting, which is why most people would give it a bad review, being they lac patience for suspense and hesitate to use a thinking process.
B0050PYNN0|4.0|I ORDER MOVIES THROUGH THIS COMPANY ALL THE TIME AND SOMETIMES CDS. I'VE NEVER BEEN DISAPPOINTED. THEY SHIP PRETTY FAST, AND CONSIDERING I USUALLY ORDER USED MOVIES, THEY'RE ALWAYS GOOD QUALITY. FAST, CHEAP, AND GREAT QUALITY ... YOU CAN'T GO WRONG.
B004DLPXAO|5.0|l realy like the kindle android  it realy help me past the time while  doing my projects.  thanks it a joy.
B004UHSB5A|5.0|this game is fun and all the others that say its not funk they don't.know what fun is!  so this is.for people that.like to have fun!!!  :)
B0054JZC6E|4.0|fun mini games that get you hooked. would be better with less ads but fun and addicting anyways. great free app.
B007B8EGVI|5.0|This is a fantastic series.  Its gritty and feels like real issues in a post-apocalyptic world.  The story is still compelling, despite what the previous review was (1 star? come on!?!?).  This episode really brings suspense back and some needed action.  The acting is very well done.  Even people who are not into Scifi are really digging the show.  Thanks AMC!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love this game and play it every day! unlocking new levels is always a blast! fun for all ages!
B006ON41FC|4.0|not a bad app or game. could be worse. helps to pass the time while waiting for something to do.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|fhjbfggfj ggx. hf. hf. hf. bb. hf hbgfggfgy)ry cf dd edd Rfd fed Fd f d f f f ddfx
B004UHSB5A|5.0|Game plays well. I'm not sure why such low ratings by other reviewers. I played three games with no problems.
B0067Q42BY|4.0|Good game if you like Mahjong.  it is pretty simple but it is fun.  i havent finished it yet but it hasn't been much of a challenge yet.
0307888908|3.0|This book is almost entirely comprised of a lot of hot air and old stories about how the pace of change has accelerated. It also draws heavily on Brownstein's 'Children of the Great Recession.' Duh - old news. They did have a few good (but obvious) points on networking, a relatively new buzz-word that never did make much sense. (Eg. Do you really think someone you just met at your third-cousin's third wedding is going to give a hoot to hear you call him/her back on Monday A.M.?) The author's suggestion to first see what you could do for your potential network-contact that would incite him/her to help you - AMEN!
B006ON41FC|4.0|reminds me heavily of need for speed i went around and shot everyone stole their car and drove off a excellent game
B006M4F67A|4.0|I love this app. Unlike some reviews it has not froze up at all. This is my first app for my kindle fire, I wasn't sure which one to get but I'm happy with this one.
B004UHSB5A|2.0|Everything is so tiny and there is TONS of wasted space where you could make things a little larger so you could actually see the dominoes you are playing with. Some of the rules are a little off from what I and many others tend to use but that's doable. But overall, this game isn't worth paying for so I'm glad I grabbed it when it was up for free app of the day.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|lots of fun for hours! Great for kids and adults. We spend quite a long time trying to unlock the next game.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Whatt an amazing app. So many bible versions available and great bible study tools as well as reading plans. Easy to use.
B0067Q42BY|5.0|Don't hesitate to download. This game is one of  the best I have played. I got it when it was free thru Amazon but it is well worth the price if you want to purchase it
B006C1DH92|4.0|Fun game.  Challanges get harder as your game level improves.  My kids live it too.  Final screen is tricky, so find different ways to hit the pinata.
B003NRWW58|4.0|Torchwood is what got me into Doctor Who, which is now some of my favorite programming. As a fan of the Whedonesque shows, as well as other strongly character-driven things like Battlestar Galactica, it was easier to do a lateral entry into Who. Torchwood was perfect for this. The ensemble cast and the Jack Harkness character prepared me for the strange Whovian world. Great monsters of the week, great season plot arcs, brilliant dialogue!
B004UHSB5A|5.0|I think this game is great I love itttttttttt it is so cool you need to try it. I love it from the start
B006M4RN3U|4.0|This is a good follow-up from their last album.  The only reason this album didn't get a 5 star is because the production. Auto-tune is unnecessary when the singer can sing, and it was over produced to the point of overkill. Fun. is so talented, they don't need all that annoyance to distract them from their talent.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I love playing games to pass some time away. I highly recommend this game. you don't need someone to play with
B006ON41FC|5.0|I like this game, goals make it challenging to keep interest although I am stuck on a few now that i have been playing for awhile. On my kindle I had NO issues with NOT using open fient, the app opened up giving me a choice to use or not
6305428352|4.0|My friend just loves this movie so I purchased it as a gift.  I have it on VHS and will be purchasing it on DVD for myself soon.  It is a very touching story about a teacher and his relationship to his students and how he inspires them and his deaf son.
B0067Q42BY|5.0|Awesome game!  Great graphics and a challenge!  Music is soothing.  Lots of levels so play doesn't get boring.  Quest play is an adventure.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|This game is addictive. Try to get all stars and ribbons before you move on! Kills battery! Plug in first!
B004UHSB5A|4.0|I was reserved.  I nearly did not download this game based on reviews.  I'm glad I did.  I found the game works great with my Sprint Samsung Galaxy S II.  I had no lag.  The game play was great.  The AI was not too hard and not too easy.  I held one star because the game should not &quot;stack&quot; tiles on the edges of the screen, but should rather scroll.  Do be sure to read the instructions.  Sometimes I'd love to see the devs get a chance to review their reviewers.  *wink*
B00005R62N|5.0|Right here is the holy grail of classic heavy metal-the guitar monster \\"Unleashed In The East.\\"  At last count I had wore out a vinyl copy, numerous cassettes and the first cd release.  the remaster for sale here adds a few more tracks that baffle me as to why they were never included in the original US package.  On the stage, Rob and company breathe some fresh air into \\"Victim of Changes\\" \\"The Ripper\\" \\"Genocide\\" and \\"Tyrant,\\" they feel a bit more loose and bluesy than on \\"Sad Wings of Destiny.\\"  Not that I am knocking \\"Sad Wings...\\" at all, those versions are excellent also--it's just that this is live excellence, albeit dubbed to death in the studio.  If your looking for a reason to try some older Priest, look no further than right here.
B002QBS9KE|5.0|Great price. The Eartips fit better on my Voyager Pro than the original ones that came with it. Plus, it came with covers that stay on.
B005K17RU0|4.0|I love this app for weather! wish I could get alerts without going to site. All in all I really love it!
B005OCFGTO|5.0|I had heard that the potter movies would be taken off the shelf by the end og the year so I wanted to get the last three movies. unforually the deadly hallows part 1 was hard to find so i bought the whole set and will give it to my daughter for her birthday
0763644765|5.0|Before the potty book, my toddler liked to push around his potty chair like a toy.  Now, we read the book and he points to the pages, and then points to the chair like \\"hey, it's the same!!\\".  Hopefully he follows suit with the actions. I can see this book getting old quickly if you Read 37 times while waiting on the potty, but I do like it.
B004UHSB5A|2.0|The idea is good, but very buggy on my t989 sgs2.  Uninstalling.  Dominos overlap, go in weird directions.  I even had the Droid match dominoes thst were not a match.
B004MC8CA2|1.0|There is no god so don't waste your time reading this. The bible isn't true so there is no point in reading it.
B005K2YZ5E|4.0|I own a Timbuk2 sleeve for my Kindle Keyboard and it offers great protection when I'm on the go. This case DOES NOT fit the Kindle Fire.<br />The internal padding is very soft and will not scratch the device. I've owned mine for over a year and the velcro still keeps the flap closed. This case is very well made, I've not had any loose threads or tearing. Great choice if your looking for a sleeve style case.
B000G9YQ7I|5.0|my expectations were exceded so much! the product was in great condition and arrived ahead of time! thanks so much! i will definitely come to you first if i need another vinyl.
B004UHSB5A|5.0|just offsetting the pizza comments. Hate to see some ones hard work not get a decent chance because of some illiterate jerks who haven't tried the app.
B005K0HDGE|3.0|I usually love Stephen King.  This book is nothing like his usual work.  I was warned, that it was totally different, but I was still surprised.  The story was OK.  I liked the whole concept of going back in time, and what would happen if JFK were saved.  The book dragged on forever though in some spots.  Then the end went very fast, and left me wanting a better ending.  *spoiler alert*....I did not like what he came up with for the 2011 when JFK was saved.  I just plain didn't like the ending at all.
B007BLDFWG|3.0|I heard a lot of things about Elizabeth Olsen's debut role in MMMM. I understand that Martha (Olsen) was a frightened, broken young woman, but at times I didn't feel very connected to her as a viewer. As viewers, we are not supposed to feel connected or close to Martha. Olsen is fantastic at portraying the lead character. The film is unsettling, and captivating as Martha continues to unravel and show the affects of the cult in her present life.Most of the movie was slow, and it shifted between past and present, both were features that I liked. Elizabeth's performance is pretty remarkable. She has the talent to carry the entire film and the cinematography is beautiful.  My only disappointment with the movie overall was that it felt like something was missing. The acting is excellent. Olsen is hands-down the best part of the movie.  However, given the film's subject matter, it's understandable that Martha's past, present, or future are not clear. 3.5 stars.
B006ON41FC|1.0|it starts out jumpy and I bought the double collision helmet and it doesn't work or do anything. waste of my time and effort.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is a awesome app I wasn't going to get it but I thought about it and I got I you should get it to
B004UHSB5A|5.0|its ok I like it that's all I haft to say this is so its 20 worlds I I I I I I I I I I
B004UHSB5A|5.0|I like this game because it is a good kid game my kids love it thank you do much lol
B0067Q42BY|5.0|Usually uninstall the &quot;Free App of the Day&quot; but this ones amazing!! One of the best games out there for sure!
B0062NAVXA|5.0|Courageous is a story about having the courage to lead our families in every dimension, but especially spiritually. I believe every man would benefit from watching this movie. I watched it initially with my wife, which was fantastic, but I didn't stop there. I also watched it with my brothers and with my church group. It is a keeper!
B0015AARJI|4.0|This is the standard Sony PS3 Dualshock controller and was exactly what I expected it to be when it arrived. Sony continues to provide a high quality products.
B004UHSB5A|1.0|I did repeats this app. It was ok but after you play a tile and it gets one on its othef side it becomes small and in real dominoes I don't think that happens. You can also not turn your tiles in diffrient. directcisions. I would only get it if you know how to tweek games and if you know how to play the game because no instructions are given.
B004R6JG7G|5.0|I own this on regular DVD but had to have it on blu-ray.......the flying scenes are awesome and it will take your breath away.....a must for all Top Gun fans..............
B0071MUR26|3.0|Nothing to write home about about a more developed version of an episode of Leverage. Some parts were funny, some serious, but just a fun movie. Not a bad rental, but I wouldn't buy it.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love this game. It has a large variety of games to choose from. It's quite addicting. I highly recommend purchasing this game.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|this is like having your personal collection of Bibles. I can do so many things with this you will be surprise. thanks for this wonderful tool.
0545259088|2.0|The ending of this trilogoy was by far the biggest disappointment of my reading career! I loved the first two so much that I purchased several copies for friends of mine. When I read the last page of Forever, I instantly felt guilty for putting us through this! I am extremely confused; this author is clearly talented...what happened?! This story does not have an ending! Why?
B006BDHAX0|2.0|Love this game,but problems SO annoying.  Game cuts out or becomes  unresponsive.  Thought my kindle had issues until I read other reviews.  Hope it gets fixed!
B004XC5LP0|5.0|This is an incredible movie and with blu-ray it is so much better. I have seen this before but with blu-ray it's like seeing it for the first time......action packed with incredible graphics and sound............a must for all.......
B004MC8CA2|4.0|Easy to search and navigate. Ypu will be thrilled with the ease of use of this extremely portable bible. Powerful tool in a small package.
B004UHSB5A|1.0|I deleted the game in less that 10 minutes.  Reasons : I had to allow enough time to not to pass judgement to quickly. ()---
B0067Q42BY|4.0|Fun game, well designed. Good work! The auto zoom and tile helpers are nice, but sometimes make it too easy. Maybe they can be turned off.
B006ON41FC|4.0|This game is slightly addicting. Actually more phone to challenge friends to see how far we can get! We do not purchase the gear or outfits.
B004SJ3BCI|3.0|its really fun at first but hen it gets pretty boring!!!!  you should get it but.its not exactly what. u expect so don't get your hopes up!!!!
1451627289|4.0|This review is for the audio version of the book.  Like most of Mr. King's works, this novel is a great story. Mr. King's ability to bring a story and its character's to life is well showcased and I enjoyed it for the most part. Craig Wasson does a good job as narrator, however towards the end of the novel I think he ran out of character voices and lapses into an impression of James Stewart.  However, as much as I liked the book there are a few areas where Mr. King's politics show through and mar the story somewhat. He glosses over the strong feelings against JFK in his time as bigoted while pumping up the late president as the second coming. Also, he passes over the fact that the civil rights act was supported by a much higher percentage of republicans than democrats. If you can get passed that, the novel is a great listen. The alternate future where George Wallace and Hillary Clinton eventually are elected president is truly horrifying.  Mr. King narrates his own afterward, which I enjoyed, however I have to take exception to one comment. Regarding Dallas as a terrible place, being from the area, it's hard to disagree. I work on Greenville avenue and even live off of Highway 77. I commute, because Dallas is a disagreeable place, but probably not for the same reason's as Mr. King seems to believe. The illustration Mr. King uses to point out the bad in modern day Dallas (and by inference all of Texas) is regarding a sign he saw at a local bar banning the carrying of guns inside. Guns in a bar is a bad thing. I'm sure what Mr. King really means is the very fact that guns are allowed to be carried by everyday citizens is a bad thing. However, he has no problem with his own characters carrying and using guns. Apparently, equality only goes so far.
B0000DBJA7|5.0|Amazing second album of the band! You got to buy it!<br /><br />The Strokes is one of the best bands around the world. You'll see.
B005NQ94KS|4.0|I enjoyed the movie, it was well done. Excellent performance from both main characters. I hoped for a different ending.
B004UHSB5A|5.0|This game is so much fun and addictive..even though i lose way too often its a blast to play. Samsung galaxy nexus..ics 4.0.2
B003ZSJ212|4.0|I have enjoyed this BlueRay set of Star Wars very much. We needed to get a copy of them on disk as ours were on VHS and the Unit isn't working. Seemed like a good price too!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Love it but,it takes a lot of work to get coins and that is all I got to say. I love it.
1594203334|2.0|I really wanted to like this book. As the mother of twin 2 1/2 year old children I was hoping for some tips. The author tells us endlessly how wonderful French mothers are. They feed their kids adult food - and the kids eat it calmly at set meal times. They speak with authority and their children listen and comply. They are horrified that their American friends spend hours putting their children to bed. It seems French parents simply tell their children that it's time to sleep and it's adult time and their compliant offsping dutifully go to bed without a peep.<br />And SAHMs don't exist in this rarified world either. All French mothers get their figures back in 12 weeks and prance back into the office leaving their children in the state sponsored daycare without a backward glance or a moment of maternal guilt. Someone like me who chooses to actually take care of her children full time is looked down upon with disdain.<br />Really? Really? I don't think so. As a friend of mine who lived in Paris for 2 years said, \\"They talk a good game, but their yell at their kids a lot to get them to comply, and I saw a lot more spanking than I ever do here in the US.\\"<br />Again - after reading the Wall Street Journal Article I really wanted to like this book. But I'm sad to say it's quite useless.
0307593312|1.0|Pages 757-788 are missing and Pages 789-820 are inserted two times.  I presume that this defect is not limitted to my copy but extends to  many copies in the batch produced at the same time.  I would like to get an email on this matter from the parties concerned.  Best regards
B004O3YGMC|5.0|Works flawlessly and very easy to set up, it  runs very smooth on LAN and exceptionally well on 3G.  All in   all a great buy. Hero S
B0067Q42BY|5.0|I am Deborah's husband and am playing this game for the first time in my 64 years. so far it has given me plenty of help and I am having a lot of fun with it.
B0063GORYU|5.0|awesome game. works every time and challenging I recommend it anyone wanting to download it. you will enjoy it. cool
006112429X|5.0|This book was incredibly powerful. I was consistently drawn in to the emotional arc of the story, frequently frustrated by the choices characters made or the reactions they had. It's been argued that the characters are merely caricatures, but give the format of the story (a wife writing to her husband two years after an event, and recalling their entire marriage), I don't think this detracts from her story. How often are the people in our memories, loved-ones or not, much more than caricatures of their real selves? Particularly when we are trying to recount our side of the story for someone else. They're as two-dimensional as our memories; I think this is in fact true to life, not in opposition to it.  Occasionally certain remarks confused me. I won't list them here because I don't want to spoil anything, but several events that I think should have been unquestionable seem to be cast in doubt based on how Eva referenced them in other places. I hope this observation isn't particularly obtuse - apologies if it is. And while I thought the letter-writing format was remarkably effective for the majority of the book (although - 400 pages! Poor Franklin has rather a lot of reading to do!) it definitely does not lend itself to certain literary conventions, such as ending a chapter with a cliffhanger. That's not how we write letters - we conclude them in some way. \\"Well I'm tired, I'll write more tomorrow.\\" Something!  But these complaints are minor, and do not overall detract from what I considered a fascinating, complex masterpiece.
B006ON41FC|5.0|I'm sorry but everyone freaking out about openfeint is ridiculous-the develop are not idiots they included it for a reason IT MAKES THE GAME BETTER. now you can see other highscores compared to your own how horrible...  the game itself is quite fun, although possibly more addicting then fun. on my kindle fire it has frozen once or twice but not to an aggravating amount. I cant figure out how to use the 8000 acorn helmet I just bought which is frustrating but hopefully I will
B001IBIHQ4|3.0|This is certainly not a bad show but when I picked it up I was hoping to see the Pacific war in a much larger scale. Yes, the battle scenes are fantastic, but there are certain parts that make me feel as if I'm watching a love drama in a war setting rather than a war story. Basilone's story is a major disappointment for me. It was emotional (I almost cried, I have to admit) but too much time was used to show his love story with Lena that if I didn't do my research I wouldn't know what he did in battle and how heroic he was. Most people don't know much about what happened in the Pacific as compared to in Europe during WWII. This could have been a perfect chance to tell people more about it. But no. The war in the Pacific lasted for 3 years, there are a lot of materials to work on, a lot of information that need to be shown. I understand that 10 episodes can't cover all of them, but why so many unnecessary parts when they could have been used to show more about the war itself instead? Production value-wise, this is still a very good show, better than many war movies out there and I'll recommend it to other people, but it's not something I'll spend $50 on. I do have it, though, because I bought the gift set that has both BoB and TP.
0374532125|5.0|This book was very thorough and well written.  I recommend it very highly. The author looks at the issues from a well rounded perspective.
B004MC8CA2|4.0|I really love what this app can do. The only problem I have so far is that it always has problems connecting the network, at times even when I have a strong signal. Tonight I had a problem while on a reading plan. It works perfectly while my phone is on airplane mode, but then I wont have access to my notes during Bible study. Please fix the network issues, other than that I love this app.
B000SEI230|4.0|I thoroughly enjoyed The Notebook and thought that I would give this book a try.  While I enjoyed the story line, it was predictable and, as a result, I was not as emotionally involved as other readers stated in their reviews.  It was a good read and definitely not a waste of my valuable reading time but I feel more could have been done to prevent the reader from drawing a conclusion so early in the plot line.
B006ON41FC|5.0|I like this game its alot of fun. it works fine on my table:)  ) &bull;) gfgt hgtg ggtg gffh tggh gfgt gtft gvcr tvvf tgcg tffv
034552554X|5.0|\\"The Language of Flowers\\" by Vanessa Diffenbaugh was highly recommended by a book blogger whose opinions and tastes in books I respect very much. So, naturally, I had high expectations. I was not disappointed, although the review on the blog made me think that the novel would be completely different from what it really was...<br /><br />The novel begins on Victoria Jones' eighteenth birthday. It is also her last day in foster care, and she has to move to the \\"halfway house\\", where she can live for free for three months, while looking for a job. The advice of her social worker, Meredith, is to find a job as soon as possible. But Victoria had been hardly listening to Meredith's advice throughout her life (and failed numerous adoption attempts as a result), so now she also ignores it. And, sure enough, when the three months are up, she finds herself living in the nearby park...<br /><br />Only then things begin to be interesting. Victoria, antisocial and grumpy, has one passion: flowers. She knows virtually all about them, how to grow them, arrange them, and, as a bonus, she is familiar with the symbolic flower language. And... well, it should be enough to say that miracles do happen. Victoria embarks on the way to her own happiness, learns how to live her own life not hurting herself and others, and manages to help a lot of people.<br /><br />The novel features frequent retrospective chapters, going back to the time when Victoria was ten and the last adoption attempt was taking place. The memories are explanatory for the reader, but at the same time serve as a catharsis for Victoria, whose actions are affected very much by her thoughts and grievances about the past.<br /><br />\\"The Language of Flowers\\" has everything a good novel needs: a great, emotionally loaded and well-told story, interesting cast of characters (dominated, but not completely overshadowed by the main character). Victoria is so withdrawn, misogynic and solitary, that it is obvious she needs love and affection. I am always drawn to such characters and this one was no exception.  The welcome original \\"spice\\", which is made the theme in the book, is the flower symbolic. I was really fascinated by the less obvious meanings of flowers and plants. Of course, everyone knows that red roses symbolize love, but who would suspect that basil (my favorite herb...) is the symbol of hate or that moss signifies maternal love...<br /><br />I think that the ending was a little rushed, but all in all, it is a great novel and a pleasure to read.aracters and this one was no exception.  The welcome original \\"spice\\", which is made the theme in the book, is the flower symbolic. I was really fascinated by the less obvious meanings of flowers and plants. Of course, everyone knows that red roses symbolize love, but who would suspect that basil (my favorite herb...) is the symbol of hate or that moss signifies maternal love...  I think that the ending was a little rushed, but all in all, it is a great novel and a pleasure to read.
0670034711|2.0|I found the main character of this book to be a little annoying. Don't get me wrong, I don't agree with those who say wealthy people shouldn't complain. That's ridiculous--even if you're wealthy, you can suffer from horrible depression and personal issues, just like anyone else. I'm also not going to blame the author for her choices in life. Hey, we all mistakes. The author doesn't really try to face these issues, though. She flees, going on a journey around the world. And again, there's nothing so wrong with that. After all, life is tough and everyone deserves a reprieve--and if you can afford to go, go.  What I dislike (very much so, in fact) is that the author takes this experience as some sort of life changing, philosophical journey that shows how deep and strong she is. No. She's not that strong. Gilbert has the money and the ability to take a year off from work, travelling all around to different places. If I had money, I'd do the same thing. But I'm not going to write a long book acting as if this somehow validates me.  There are thousands of poor women who are single mothers, who have to live on minimum wage, who fight depression and don't have the necessary wealth to just leave. They have to stay and face the grind, and that's much more strong than anything that Gilbert did. In a way, I think that's much more deserving of applause and respect than the author of this book.  Another thing I found issue with is just the storyline of the book in particular. So, apparently, America is still not tired of books in which wealthy Americans travel to poor countries and magically 'discover themselves'. I, personally, find this plot tiresome. I'd rather read a story about Bali from a Balinese person's perspective, if only because I feel that would provide more variety.  Why is it that so often, books about 'exotic' nations (exotic from an American viewpoint, of course) cannot actually be about said exotic nations, so much as it's about some white person who goes there?It's like, we only care about other countries if we can view it from this American's perspective; and the plot isn't about the foreign country, it's about how the foreign country affects Gilbert in particular. See, I kind of feel as if this book has relegated entire countries to serve as devices to help the author find spiritual peace. Note, India and Bali are extremely interesting and complex places, and quite worthy of visiting and writing about. However, they are not 'magical nations', in which foreigners can go to get some sort of spiritual satisfaction.  I  would not be mentioning this (or even noticing it), if this wasn't a trope that showed up over, and over, and over again ('The Last Samurai' is a good example). But then again, this is not a complaint leveled specifically against 'Eat, Pray, Love', but towards something that is systemic throughout the American culture.  Bottom line--if you want to journey around the world because you can and because it'll make you feel better, awesome. I'm jealous.  But if you try to do what Elizabeth Gilbert did and spin it into some difficult, philosophical journey, (and, moreover, add in tons of navel-gazing to show how 'deep' you are), then you come off as pretentious, at least to me.  I found the writing to be vaguely amusing at parts, though. So, two stars.
B005K2YZ5E|4.0|This Kindle protection sleeve is a great case and is pretty too!It is easy to open and the Velcro secures tightly to protect the screen.
B0050DIWFC|5.0|What a page Turner!  This author kept me hooked the entire time.  I hadn't read a good book in a while and came across this book.  I'm guessing the plot is loosely based on the Joran. Vandersloot case.  It tugs at your parental heartstrings and keeps you asking \\"what would we do if this was our son?\\".
B006ON41FC|4.0|This game won't last for more than a couple weeks before wearing out, but it's still a fun distraction. Worth the download.
B006VRZ5YM|1.0|I was very disappointed in this movie. I am glad it did as horrible as it did. Is there really a \\"number\\" that women simply can't go over before they are doomed to never having a meaningful relationship? Let's not even go there with how many women men can be with before they are judged worthless. That number doesn't exist. I've never seen or heard anything more demeaning and symbolic of modern day misogynism.
B001UAPVDU|5.0|These songs are real (100% quality)  In particular \\"JUST DANCE\\" without many effects and sounds is the best song on the EP.  It is 2012 and are songs still sound good.  The problem is that there are no more songs. lol  I love Gaga.
B004QX07G4|4.0|The book is simple. Simple and funny. Or may be simply funny. It really doesn't have a theme or any sort of direction. I would highly recommend reading this book as light reading and to pass time.
B005IT0V8O|5.0|So this was entirely free for kindle, and the cool thing is I don't even own a kindle but you can access the material through your Amazon account. Nuff said. I used this on my laptop in class instead of paying 10 bucks and shipping for the very small book it actually is. Worth the free download.
B0067Q42BY|5.0|Excellent graphics. Good game. If you can get lost in Mahjong, get lost here. The quest mode adds a comic strip feel... Clever...
B006ON41FC|5.0|this is a fun game but I keep getting interrupted by the app asking me to rate it. it was free though so, can't complain too much
B004MC8CA2|5.0|That's just awesome, I love to have the Bible and the plans on my K fire, I just wish it wasn't freezing as often as it did and that I could email some verse.
B002MQYOFW|4.0|First let preface my review by saying that very few fiction works are completely original. It's difficult to come up with original ideas. Secondly, I am more than half way through this book and I feel compelled to post this review. I have read Koushun Takami's Battle Royale three times and saw the movie countless number of times.  So when I heard about the HG and it's premise, it irked me to hear how similar it was to BR. However, I decided to be open minded about it and give Ms. Collins' novel a shot.    While it is good, I don't like how it's written in first person, present tense.  \\"I do this, I heard that and did x,y and z.\\"    Both BR and HG take place in the near future in dystopian societies. BR takes place solely in Japan while HG takes place in post-nuclear or apocalyptic (What use to be) North America called Panem.  In the interest of comparing the two books, I must re-iterate some of the premise for HG so I apologize for the repetition in advance.    The \\"Games\\" are devised as a means to prevent another uprising;  where the districts of Panem tried to rise against the Capitol.  So, each of the twelve districts hold a drawing on what's called Reaping Day where the citizens of each district are mandated to report to the town square where the drawing takes place.  One boy and one girl are chosen for each district and they are called Tributes.  These kids range anywhere from 12 - 18 years old. These kids are taken from their families by train to the capitol where they are groomed and trained how to survive. Much like American Idol contestants or DWTS, there is a lot of publicity in the effort for the Tributes to endear them to the public so they might attract \\"sponsors\\".    In Battle Royale, the Survival Program was established during a time when unemployment was high, teenagers were running amok and lawless and the adults feared the youth.  Thus, the Millennium Education Reform Act was put into action.  Each year one middle school class (9th graders) are chosen by computer lottery.  No one knows what class is chosen until they find themselves on an island, with their classmates.  While the Program is common knowledge, it is a fact of life. However, it's not treated like a sporting event and it is NOT filmed.  They think they're on an end of year camping trip.  No preparation whatsoever.    The students in BR wake up from the knock out gas to find metal collars around their necks. These collars not only track their movements throughout the island but there is also a microphone so the government can overhear them.  In the event an official feels a student is causing trouble, they can trigger the explosive detonation by remote and kill the student.    The students are issued packs which include: 2 bottles of water, 2 loaves of bread and a random weapon/tool. These can range from a mini uzi to a frackin' paper fan. Also, to prevent the kids from congregating or hiding in one place on the island and force them to move,  danger zones coordinates and times are announced at regular intervals which correspond with the maps issued them. If they are in the danger zone after the appointed time, their collar is detonated.  Three days are given for this manhunt. If there is no winner at the end of the 3 days all remaining students are executed by remote collar detonation.    Casualties of the Program are announced at the same time Danger zone coordinates are given.    In HG, none of the Tributes are given weapons to start out with.  There is a cornucopia in the middle of the \\"arena\\" .  It contains food, weapons, equipment.  Instead, they are led to a \\"launch pad\\" and a gong is sounded.  Then it's a free for all.    Instead of a collar, the tributes are injected with a tracking device in their arm.  Obstacles are introduced by the GameKeepers throughout the game and instead of a 3 day manhunt, the Games take place over several weeks. Once a Tribute is killed, a hover craft arrives to scoop them up.  Cannon fire announces the deaths of tributes instead of announcements.    The winner of the Games is showered with food rations and gifts.  Whereas the winner of BR is set for life financially and is awarded a signed photo of the dictator.    While I do find HG engaging,  I just can't help but feel that the two works are far too similar for me to believe that Collins never heard of BR before she handed in her HG manuscript.  I do like the way she has used America's somewhat perverse (For lack of a better term) fascination/appeal for \\"Reality\\" TV.  In short, I prefer Battle Royale to Hunger Games but I will probably read the two other books in the trilogy.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|simple concept, but such a great many uses. I use this app more than any other. i use it for capturing everything - lists, recipes, photo tags of hints I like, reminders, task lists, etc. It synge on all of my devices so I am never without my little notes.
B005GVA2L0|4.0|I love to sing and nothing beats matching Amy's rocking vocals. However if you are looking for anything resembling Fallen or the Open Door, you may be a little disappointed. Although a lot of the tracks are good and the deluxe has 4 bonus songs and a DVD, some of the content is redundant for Evanescence and the sound is different because Amy finally let more than one other person write the songs with her. The DVD was also a little disappointing, nothing like Anywhere But Home but it is still a good record and this is technically the trial run for Evanescence's new sound and new influences aka the other band mates besides Amy and Terry. I enjoyed a lot of it and perhaps so will other fans. Definitely worth the risk.
B003R0MEZ4|5.0|Criminal Minds just keeps getting better!<br />Change is not always easy to adapt to especially if the change means losing favorite characters in a series.<br />And in the past, Ive not adjusted well to the change of cast members.<br />(Ex: Jag S10 another new lawyer& NCIS when Kate was shot. Even with CM when Gideon left.)<br />But the writers on CM do a very great job in taking the viewers through the whole process, at least for me it did.<br /><br />I have all CM S1-6 because:<br />1) Thomas Gibson fan since D&G<br />2) great writing, great casting, great cast<br />3) love the balance of FBI/BAU storylines, humor among the characters & action/suspense<br /><br />Its nice to know JJ & Emily characters are back in S7.<br /><br />If for some reason, you havent watched CM, give it a chance, start with any of the series and go from there~
B0012GVKVY|5.0|Caught this other day on My38 TV, which inspired me to write a review. I loved it when it first came out, and it still holds up incredibly well today (2012). I feel that this is Will Smith's best movie, and I think it's pretty cool that he's always been happy to star in science fiction movies, even though he could limit his roles to other genres, if he chose.<br /><br />Although many people have complained that the film of \\"I, Robot\\" bears very little resemblance to the Asimove story (which is true), I think that the writer who adapted it for the screen actually did a very good job. Though the narrative is radically different, what remains is the CORE of Asimov's story, that being the Three Laws of Robotics, and Man's impending fear of domination, as artificial intelligence improves. The movie makes sense by contemporary standards, and therefore, the themes of the story can be effectively conveyed to the audience.<br /><br />Also noteworthy is that the CGI in this movie is topnotch, and the robots have the perfect blend of slickness and creepiness, establishing the notion that they are a thing that humans have come to live with and rely upon in this future, yet humanity has become fearful that this trust is misplaced.
B0002E5O9G|5.0|I got this for my wife for Christmas! She loved it! I even like it, and I'm not the biggest fan of musicals.
B006JPS1OM|5.0|download it you won't regret!!! this is the first hidden items game I have ever played that doesn't get old. try you'll see:)
0802714544|4.0|Somehow, I have always recognized this book as the consummate spy novel, and yet I had never actually picked it up and read it.  Now that I have... well, I still consider it to be the consummate spy novel.  What I was surprised to note about The Spy Who Came In From the Cold was the relative lack of action compared to many of the modern attempts in this genre.  This is a story of words: of conversations... of the cause and effect relationships wrought by both what is and what is not said.  It's a really interesting read.<br /><br />Alec Leamas is a British intelligence operator who runs operations in West Berlin. Unfortunately, he's lost every valuable agent he had to a ruthlessly clever East German operative named Mundt. At the outset, Leamas is recalled to London where he is offered a new assignment: to kill Mundt. When he accepts, British Intelligence demotes Leamas. He pretends to become a disgruntled drunk who eventually loses his job, gets gypped out of his full pension on a technicality, and ultimately gets sent to prison for assaulting a grocer who won't extend him credit. This is all a ploy is to make Mundt and the communist side believe that Leamas may ripe to defect and provide them with valuable inside intelligence on British operations.<br /><br />They, of course, take the bait... and so begins the game of verbal cat and mouse.  Much of the narrative is consumed by interviews and conversations held between Leamas and his inquisitors.  Every word, every move, every subtlety of conversation both verbal and nonverbal must be carefully crafted (by both sides!).  Everything Leamas says and does must \\"sell\\" the right story.  The information he gives must be just enough to let them jump to their own conclusions based on their own fears and prejudices.  It's an incredibly complex story.<br /><br />I don't do spoilers here, of course, so suffice it to say that Leamas himself eventually finds that his assignment isn't quite what he thought... that he too is a pawn in a game far more complex than he ever realized.  Reading this book is like peeling back layers of an onion... there is more and more continually coming to light.<br /><br />The Bottom Line:  An interesting and intelligent spy story... full of twists and unexpected complexity.<br /><br />This review originally appeared on my blog.  See my profile for details.han he ever realized.  Reading this book is like peeling back layers of an onion... there is more and more continually coming to light.  The Bottom Line:  An interesting and intelligent spy story... full of twists and unexpected complexity.  This review originally appeared on my blog.  See my profile for details.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|not bad it has some fun games but its hard to figure out the point to some of them. its ok for being free
B006UG90RM|3.0|If I could give it 2 1/2 stars I would. Where are all these 5 star ratings coming from. Believe me, I was hoping for that, but got shot down. I think people were just so excited to get some new VH that they just thought it was great. For one, the studio mix is horrible. I understand Dave's vocals may not shine like they used to, but I just cant understand what he is singing at times. It is lost in the mix. From what I have heard it is better that you dont understand. Wolgang appears to be a descent player or have gotten better, but it is just to overpowering at times. I thing they were trying to make him shine, something they never did with Michael Anthony. Eddie guitar tone and playing sound stellar for the most part, but its just too much going on. Most is stuff that he has already done and just not very memorable.  There is just no heart being put into the music here. It sounds like they may have slammed this together in a few days time. Nothing memorable is how I can best put this. Alex is doing what he does. Eddie has no great riffs though. I am very disappointed in this release, but I am sure they are not to worried about it. This was just to get something out there. Its the live performance that everyone will be waiting to see, with the old classics to be heard.  The last two cuts on here to me was about as good as it gets. Song wise that is. They are other little moments that almost break into something great then it falls flat on its face. Nothing proved here. Just riding the coat tails of what VH used to be. Glad Michael Anthony made the descision he did. Long live the Foot.
1400079144|4.0|The best thing about \\"The Lost Symbol\\" is that it inspires within the reader a desire to explore. As per the usual for Dan Brown, his research is meticulous, and he does a fabulous job of getting his readers excited about the locations that his characters are set within.<br /><br />This time, the place in question is Washington D.C., and his detailed descriptions of the wonders of the Smithsonian Museum, the Washington Monument, and other famous sites, has inspired me to plan my own trip to our capitol. (Doing so will be much easier than exploring the locales of \\"The Da Vinci Code\\" ;)) The Smithsonian, in particular, really blew my mind, and I was compelled to do some online research about the museum... it truly is an incredible place, and I can't wait to see it for myself.<br /><br />As far as the rest of the narrative is concerned, the story here is solid. It definitely has the \\"page-turner\\" quality that Brown is known for, and it kept my interest throughout. I actually think this would be a great book for a young reader who is having trouble finding a novel that hooks them, because it's quite fast paced and interesting. There is still some cheesiness (the villain is absurd, and I couldn't help but chuckle when his ultimate goal was revealed toward the end of the book), but no more so than you would encounter in your typical suspense novel or crime novel. In fact, I would argue that Brown's prose style has improved dramatically since \\"The Da Vinci Code\\". Where he truly excels, however, is in his research, and his desire to instill his readers with the drive to learn and explore.
B0006OBPTA|5.0|These movies are classics. They actually have something to do with Karate, unlike the new remake. The new remake is great too, but these original Karate Kids are really cool!
B005KELS6Q|4.0|First off, I'll agree with other reviewers who wrote that the color is off.  I received the Paparazzi Pink and I'm not sure what color Paparazzi is supposed to be, but it's definitely not pink.  I'd say the color was closer to peach.<br /><br />That being said, I really like the feel of this cover; it's like squishing memory foam.  It seems to be very protective and the Kindle is definitely a secure fit.  I believe your Kindle would be protected if you throw it in your bag or purse.
B006ON41FC|1.0|I give this game a 1 because you guys won't leave me alone about rating this game... but really, I &lt;3 this game!!
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|Like this app very much on PC and my multiple Tablets (except on HP Touchpad), not as usefull on phone but then its a small screen and still somewhat usefull. Easy to use and is very stable (no issues so far) and is quick on uploads/syncs. Have recommended to others.
B004UHSB5A|1.0|This app looks terrible, it doesn't quite get the rules right, it has a sloppy interface, don't waste your time on it.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|seriously, if you are looking to take awesome notes across every platform, this is the app to use. I tried integrating google docs on multiple platforms and it was clunky, inconsistent, and not always accessible. this is much better.
B0054N73EY|5.0|Great job Chili Peppers!!! Once again, after a long wait for new material, Flea and the gang have released something contemporary, funky and grooving. I hope they come to the New York area soon so I can see this music performed.
B0062P3392|3.0|I checked this movie out for the cast and thought I could do no wrong cause I'm a big fan of De Niro, Statham and Owen.  My first impression that something was amiss was when the main \\"elite killer\\" (Statham) turns his back on a wounded armed baddie and decides to look out the window during a stealthy escape.  There are a number of WTF moments like that, and it's sad because I think the movie has some good stuff to show.  It's not a horrible movie but it isn't a great one either.  I mostly enjoyed plot aspects like Statham's group being hired to kill 3 guys while yet another group (Owen's group) notices this and starts to observe Statham's group.  So there are some inter-group dynamics that get pretty interesting by the time the guy in the black helicopter shows up (MFWIC).  Then there is the committee that sort of controls Owen's group except when it doesn't.  My point is there are some complex group dynamics at play.  It takes some effort to keep track of it all, but it is interesting even when it's hard to understand everyone's motive right away.  I also enjoyed the aspect of Statham's work that involved making all his hits look like accidents.  It reminded me of Mission Impossible a bit and I think that could have been expanded on more.  And some of the action was well done with a few original embellishments.  But how can you believe a group like Statham's are elite killers when one of the recruits does some unbelievably dumb stuff?  Or is the title half satire?  Apparently professional killers don't look for qualifications in their hiring.  Unless of course \\"I'm schtupping his Mother\\" is a reference.  The movie seems fast paced to me not just because of the action but the frequent cuts between different scenes.  So I don't think everyone will have time to dwell on the gaping logical holes in the script.  Some bad dialog however is right in our face and the cliches are plain and painful.  I also wish the film had done more on scene work.  That can greatly help an action movie as it did in \\"Empire of the Wolves\\".  So I'm glad I saw this but I wouldn't own it.  3.5 stars.
0143034901|5.0|Gothic novel that's a real page turner. Love his style of writing,and he's a master story teller. It's the kind of book that reminds you of why you love reading so much and draws you in from the very beginning.
B003F3NDWG|5.0|This season is amazing the season ender is epic!  Also, sender sent this out ASAP and that's always good when you're waiting on it.
6305910324|4.0|I bought this very nice DVD when it was relatively new in the nineties for about $10, so I'm totally shocked to see it selling for such an outrageous price now.  I find it especially ironic these days during the international internet war about file sharing and internet piracy that a company would be stupid enough to charge $72 for a DVD that isn't even Blu-ray.  Is it any wonder that internet pirates are breaking the copyright laws every time they get a chance?
B0063GORYU|5.0|I am hooked on this game  play it on my Acer tablet at home and at work.  it runs smooth with no stalls like other games I have downloaded-
B004UHSB5A|1.0|the othe player was justputting random bones and scoring. other player would to put a 1-4 right next too a blank 6 what a waste of a game.even free im deleting
B005DF2QMC|5.0|I had a couple of tapes containing great memories like my brothers voices in 1980 and my childrens -today teenagers- voice when they were babies.I purchased this gadget and did exactly what I needed. Now those memories are safer both on my computer and CD. I also saved other good stuff I had on other 3 tapes. Even if the gadget breaks tomorrow I think I already pay little price to save the valuable content I had on such tapes.
B007B8EGVI|5.0|I just can't miss an episode. The charactors are well enough developed that I care about their survival (or demise). Their broad demographic is good and compliments the realism of the locations. For me a lot of shows bite the dust because of their over reliance on relationship issues a the \\"Let's talk!\\" syndrome. This show has all these ingredients but does not let up on the action. Tension is very well done. The air of expectancy is constant. These folks struggle to survive and they take us along for the ride.
B004MC8CA2|4.0|This Bible app is very easy to use. The text is also easy to find. I will tell my friends about the bible app.
B006ON41FC|5.0|Get this game.  You will be playing it all the time. Then when you just can't get enough go buy yourself a nut sack.  Too funny.
B004UHSB5A|3.0|Scoring doesn't make sense but that's due to my lack of understanding of all the rules. Good enough for a time waster. the tiles get small but even with my poor vision I can see them well enough.
B006JPS1OM|5.0|great game of hidden objects and clues. I highly recommend if you like puzzle games, mysteries and rpg games....I must down load
0307477479|5.0|Like jets once broke the sound barrier, 21st century novels like this one are breaking all the conventional boundaries of fiction. \\"A Visit From The Goon Squad\\" says to boundaries, \\"Say hello to my little friend!\\"<br /><br />First of all, this novel has an almost uncountable multiple narrative. And I've encountered talents with voices (Proulx, Stockett, etc), but never to this degree. For example, with the voice of Scotty, Egan almost morphs into an intellectual male (I don't know how she did that).<br /><br />Second, the novel won a Pulitzer without an explicit plot or denouement. Wow. Maybe modern authors might experience a twinge of guilt over their non-Pulitzer, sweeping, engaging, and sometimes outrageous plots. Or, perhaps we should learn that great plots can move themselves ... and end themselves.<br /><br />Third, I have not seen this kind of masterful weaving in a novel since, \\"The Brothers Karamazov.\\" There is an invisible, but aesthetically staggering thread that holds this novel together, as if it works in all directions at once and somehow mystically resolves itself. Fascinating. The Goon Squad grows up, and their lives intertwine in ways unpredicted, sometimes visible, sometimes invisible (which reminds me of a certain wonderful Christmas classic, you know the one, in which George realizes how his life truly impacted others). We have friends, and friends of friends, and often our lives fulfill causal destinies that are well beyond our understanding (but that doesn't mean their not there). These punk rockers also embody how we all grow old and lean on each other to understand it.<br /><br />Finally, Sasha is more than an extremely interesting character. Through Sasha, Egan achieves a magical act in literature: a metaphor-character. Everything starts and ends with Sasha (her present-absence at the end of the book, perhaps more frighteningly poignant than any traditional denouement). Sasha is \\"the circle of life\\" injected into a living, breathing, fascinating fictional character, which, may even have semi-autobiographical significance.<br /><br />If I meet Jennifer Egan one day, I'm not going to ask her \\"how she did it,\\" but just talk. Great novels often \\"just talk.\\"n have semi-autobiographical significance.  If I meet Jennifer Egan one day, I'm not going to ask her \\"how she did it,\\" but just talk. Great novels often \\"just talk.\\"
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love this game because I really like the point system and it has a bunch of fun games all in one app.  It also doesn't take up much data considering how many games it has.
B0031ES8P6|3.0|The product details claims this is 8\\" tall. The product description claims this is 6\\" tall. I believe both are incorrect, this cannot be more than five inches.  It's cute but it's pretty teeny tiny.
B0073LWEXK|5.0|Great game. Lots of good mysteries. Good amount of gameplay for the cost - didn't beat it too fast. Highly recommended!
B002MQYOFW|2.0|I mostly read this because everyone on Quora seemed to tbe talking about it.  I'm a big fan of post-apocalyptic fiction/dystopian fiction in general.  However, it appears my interest in more intellectually demanding fiction probably dominates, and my main interest in post-apocalyptic fiction is \\"how characters use a realistic environment to survive\\".  The situation in the book is totally contrived, and aside from Lord of the Flies style violence, pretty limited.  Apparently the later books in the series are supposed to be better, but the first book already lost me as a reader.<br /><br />This felt like Harry Potter (which I also haven't read), which is understandable given that the book is written for young adults -- of which I'm also not a fan.<br /><br />So, while I really didn't like this book, I wouldn't necessarily steer others away from it.
B004XQO90E|5.0|I was skeptical at first, given Jake Gyllenhaal was the star of the movie, but I gave it a shot. Boy, am I glad I did. This movie is intelligently written, directed, acted in. What more could you ask for, in an age where special effects often take precedence over quality acting? Seriously, buy the movie already.
B004SOR4H6|4.0|same functionality that the one on my Sensation,  so it's okay.  the only difference is that I have more real state for displaying the app. maybe they develop an app optimized for tablets later
B0041T4ML4|5.0|This is the first book by Bacigulapi that I've read. His style glistens, ripe with style and grace. Every description brings this future world to life. Additionally, he pursues world-building in the new style, slowly revealing the setting through details, reflections and memories of his characters. The book this most reminded me of was The Year of the Flood by Margaret Atwood. By using a small cast of characters, we see the world from a number of perspectives. Bacigalupi also does not get bogged down by trying to show us too much of the world; the vast majority of the book takes place in Krung Thep, the Thai capital. By focusing on events and setbacks, intrigues and details, he draws us into this descriptive palace, where each page reveals more the world while also pushing the plot forward. The writing is on a level with Stephenson and Gibson, while the ideas and impressions left by the book will linger in the reader's mind, making us interpret the world around us differently. This is 21st century scifi at its best, taking on issues of the day (capitalism, genetic modification, diplomacy, global warming) and showing how their application will change the future world.
B00005MCX2|5.0|As a 15 year old, I won a trip to see the Hawkwind Space Ritual Tour, it was also my first concert. It was pretty awesome and I have loved this release ever since! It featured the classic Hawkwind line-up and the songs are pretty awaesome as well....and then there was Stacia...!
B00337KMAA|4.0|Normally, I stay away from the rom-com genre (if you can classify this movie there), but something about this movie drew me in. It's a movie even the skeptics will probably enjoy. It has a moral storyline, funny moments, and good acting. Pleasantly surprised here.
B004UHSB5A|5.0|for one the app is great and a good time waster. second, to the idiots thinking this was an app for Dominoes pizza a) it has a photo of a domino on the app,b) dominoes the game has been around since the Egyptians built the pyramids. Dominoes pizza has maybe been around like 25 years.
B006ON41FC|5.0|Very fun game that can be addicting if you are no careful. I am always playing it before class. Cool.
0060765488|3.0|So that's the main point. Yes, Aslan is Jesus. And this book has an agenda. Actually, all of Lewis's books have an agenda. It is a religious agenda, and the story does kind of get bogged down in it. So this book is actually perfect if you yourself are religious and are looking to share it with your kid, but I was not looking for religion and when I found it I was sort of disappointed. Why couldn't Aslan just be Aslan? Why did Lewis have to go and bring Jesus into the picture?  That being said, this story is lovely minus all the religious stuff. It tells the story of four children who walk through a wardrobe and find themselves in a fantastical new land, filled with fauns and witches and whispering trees. Aslan, by the way, is the lion who is the mysterious ruler of this place called Narnia. He has not been seen for many years, and subsequently, the evil witch has imposed winter on the Narnians for one hundred years. The story ran through my head nicely, and it was actually a good fantasy book. The metaphor behind it was just slightly disconcerting in its blatantness.  If you're an adult and you loved the Chronicles of Narnia, read The Magician by Lev Grossman. It's an adult fantasy, and it is GREAT.
B006ON41FC|5.0|this game is a lot of fun. it is very addictive. I wish I didn't want to play vita's much as I do.
B004A8ZX2I|4.0|Liam Neeson again shows off his badass chops, proving that you can't mess with the guy who trained Batman and Obi-Wan Kenobi. This movie was decently entertaining; however, I found myself thinking this was a sequel to Taken, as both movies seemed to have the same vibe to them. Still, I would recommend it, if only to see Liam Neeson put a beating on some poor guy.
B002VPE1WK|5.0|after looking at multiple bags for several months, i decided to go with this one. i am so very glad i did! it's very well made, well padded and tons of room!! it can hold my nikon d3000, 3 lenses, my canon point and shoot, my video camera, plus all chargers and accessories for them all. i still have plenty of room for a flash when i get around to buying one and probably a few more other things. great bag!!! i highly recommend it!
B0067Q42BY|5.0|i really enjoy this version of mahjong. the quest version is like an inter active comic. the graphics are very good and the music is not annoying at all..unlike some other games.
B004UHSB5A|1.0|I played 1 game and won but the overlapping tiles and sometimes invalid moves were going through annoys me. I played the whole game to see if it was short enough but playing to 300 with the overlapping gets old quick. if its fixed it could be fun.
B004UHSB5A|2.0|OK, so I've never played this before.  Read the help again, and still don't follow the placement.  It's either not explained thoroughly, or not clear enough for knuckleheads like me, or it's buggy.  Either way, glad I didn't pay for it.
B001EC3JME|5.0|I work in the Public safety field. I have this item on my duty belt, It's them most versatile tool that I use every day. For the price its outstanding...
B004JZBGWI|5.0|This app helped me keep up with my school work. When I wrote, I wrote notes on this and typed it on the computer. You can even color code the notes!And it has a calander. I love it!
B000O8OTNC|4.0|This isn't the most professional product but it is very handy and is good for a quick cut. I've got big hands so it is a little uncomfortable to use but besides that I am happy with this product because it still provides me with a pretty nice cut.
B0015QT78O|5.0|Want Starman on DVD then check here for some very exciting news from a most reliable source:  [...]  As a fellow Starman fan I am very happy!
B0067Q42BY|5.0|Love the story mode - great graphics and art. Engaging and fun to play. You will love this game! Really!
B002ZTQVBQ|5.0|My wife and I watched Ponyo one night on a whim. I'd seen a Miyazaki film a few years back and thought we could give this one a shot. I did not regret it. I've watched it one or two more times since, and have bought this movie for my wife.<br /><br />Ponyo is a beautiful story. It is beautifully written, it is beautifully animated. I love it. It is such a human movie. It has frustration, love, commitment, reconciliation, etc. The characters are so lovable. They remind you what is good in people.<br /><br />Again, I loved this movie. My wife did too. I'm sure kids would love it as well. Do yourself a favor, contact the inner kid in you, and show them this movie.<br /><br />Hope this review helped. Let me know in a comment if you have any questions, or need to know any more reasons why you should watch Ponyo.
B004VMUS9G|5.0|No complaints! So many ways to customize it and gets the job done. You can even set it to require a math problem in order for it to shut off!
B004JZBGWI|5.0|love this app, was doubtful at first, because i had tried others before, but this one is the best I've used so far!
B001HN690O|5.0|From 2-adult we all enjoy it.  Another case of sequel being better than first.  Some may complain it is a bit too serious and missing some of the slappier comedy, but oh well.
B004MC8CA2|4.0|For the most part this app is ideal, but it does have a few weeknesses. Sometimes there is trouble accessing the server during peak usage. When I got a new device the translations that were available for download only for a limited time couldn't be transferred from one device to another. So, I no longer have them.
B006M4RN3U|5.0|I saw this band play on Conan last night, they played youth anthem We Are Young, and I recognized the song, but could not place where I knew it from until I heard it on a car commercial afterwards. So, I knew the tune but fell in love with it when I saw it performed live. They were great, the singer has a great voice, great musical backing with a very nice sounding female backup vocalist. Also of note was the children's choir they brought along to sing their \\"na na, na na na na na\\"'s in the background.  I was moved by the performance, so I bought the album right away and stuck in on my phone to give it a listen while I ran some errands today. Needless to say, the whole album is stellar, especially the first 5 songs which I listened to multiple times because I enjoyed it so much. Highly recommend this album to everyone, it is fun to listen to and has some really good lyrics and music.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I think that it is the best in the world I am really good at these game best best best
B004VMUS9G|5.0|now my teachers army mad at me any more for folding late to class thanks alarm clock xtreame free your the best
B005LAIGW8|3.0|I've waited five long years for a sequel to Ghost Rider, but this isn't exactly what I pictured. I didn't hate this movie, but I dislike when they change facts made in the original. They showed a completely different flashback of Johnny signing the deal. I read that Neveldine/Taylor avoided watching the original, and you can tell. Some of the action scenes were decent. There were crazy acid-trip moments, and the Ghost Rider is grittier, lean and mean this time. Johnny Blaze is hiding in a remote part of Eastern Europe. He is asked by a man named Moreau to help a boy named Danny from being sacrificed to the Devil. Will Johnny get rid of the Rider forever, or will he embrace his gifted curse? If you're a fan of dark Marvel heroes, you'll like GHOST RIDER: SPIRIT OF VENGEANCE!!!
B0063IH60K|5.0|I like this app. it is easy to use and is fun to play. I like the ease in which I can move the cards around.
B003B30GSY|5.0|I gave this as a gift to a Schumann fan. They are still listening to it a year later. There are a lot of music in this collection.
0316236535|2.0|This is a 5 STAR book, however there is a PUBLISHER'S ERROR!!!  I have taught preschool for 25 years.  I introduce award winning books to my young children.  This book is so popular that I have worn out five books over the years.  This year I began a new program so that each child holds his/her own book.  They learn page turning, colors, words, and artists renditions.  Here lies the problem big RED mouth is ORANGE.  I have to cross the word RED out and print Orange on 20 books. I would highly recommend this book to anyone with children; it is educational and a wonderful teaching tool.  But BEWARE of the Publisher's ERROR!!!  At this time there is no recourse for me, as books are non-returnable.
B0071MUR26|4.0|Gold is better than money, funny let many new ideals. The movie business is not easy. Bring a follow up.Gold will always shine if you look closely
0091933684|5.0|Loved this book.  Gave it as a present and then bought an online copy for my Ipad.  Would highly recommend it for anyone that loves to cook vegetables.  Or better yet, hates to cook them and needs help!
B004EBUXI0|5.0|So far I haven't had a problem with this CPU. Runs a little noise, but that could be the other fans I have in the case.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|I really love this app.  I downloaded it for my kids (who love it too) and went to check it out and I can't stop playing it.  Love it love it love it!
B006ON41FC|5.0|fun and challenging.  even my husband likes this one. the squirrel is cute and I enjoy the controls.  have been playing for hours.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Solitaire is perfect for me to pass time. I have it on my kindle fire and ads are not a problem at all.
B006OAB3ME|3.0|[Excerpted from vocalstandards.com review...]<br /><br />So... I've been a little worried ever since I heard this album was in the works. It's not that I EXPECTED it to be bad or for Paul to struggle, but my experience with Rock genre crossovers has not been a good one for the most part.<br /><br />(Heavy sigh) ... sadly Kisses On the Bottom does not disabuse my cringing perspective of many/most rock artist attempts to ply the Great American Songbook.<br /><br />To be clear ...Paul does a good job on a small passel of tracks -- even great on a couple, and Concord Records deliveres yet another excellently produced LP. The music is wonderfully arranged and beautifully rendered by an awesome all-star cast, but in the end ... it's a disappointment.<br /><br />What is it with super star rock artists and their haltingly poor attempts to sing the standards? There are some good ones to be sure ... folks like Sting, and Boz Scaggs and even Sheryl Crow surprised the heck out of me on Tony Bennett's most recent Duets album. But listening to Harry Nilsson wallow through Schmilsson in the Night just makes me cringe. Even deity class stars like Elton John really just don't pull it off.<br /><br />I was (and am) a massive fan of Nilsson and Elton back in the day ... pretty much own everything they did in the 70's, 80's and into the 90's. But they are object lessons that huge success in one genre does not underpin like success in another; and sadly I think Paul's attempt with Kisses On The Bottom  pretty much lands in that realm as well.<br /><br />There is some good news...<br /><br />Before the McCartney acolytes gather to do unspeakable things to me for casting dispersions on Paul, there are some nice songs on the track list and a couple that really stand tall. Let's take a look at the good stuff.<br /><br />The Fat's Waller signature number -- \\"I'm Going To Sit Right Down And Write Myself A Letter\\" -- is nicely done and houses the \\"kisses on the bottom\\" title lyric. Paul's lilting intonation fits this nicely arranged rendition. Krall crawls all over this number (the whole album really) with her tight and distinctive jazz piano ... John Pizzarelli drives the rhythm.<br /><br />Diana's Live in Paris bandmates gather for \\"The Glory Of Love\\". John Clayton's bass leads Paul into this -- one of my favorite songs on the the LP. Jeff Hamilton snares a simple trio beat through out while Anthony Wilson's jazz guitar stylings buttress the intermezzo. This number rises to the creme level on the back of it's classic Songbook heritage, but also because Paul's vocals lose the breathy, whispering affectation that I found unpalatable on several of the other tracks. PMc just seemed more vocally comfortable here.<br /><br />The next three tracks come off pretty well...<br /><br />\\"We Three (My Echo, My Shadow And Me)\\" is a great song selection for Paul. Again, his vocal style lies comfortably in amongst the wonderful Johnny Mandel string charts, Diana's piano and both Pizzarelli guitars.<br /><br />Mercer's \\"Ac-Cent-Tchu-Ate The Positive\\" is semi classically rendered with McCartney's distinctive style displayed in full measure ... his grim-north British accent playfully converting \\"Jonah\\" and \\"Noah\\" into \\"Joner\\" and \\"No-er\\" ... fun stuff!<br /><br />Paul rolls out a standards styled original song \\"My Valentine\\" and is joined by Eric Clapton on guitar (did I mentioned all-star cast?!). This is a very nice romantic ballad that lays well for Paul as you might imagine.<br /><br />And Maybe the best of all...<br /><br />Clapton on guitar and the London Symphony Orchestra plying Alan Broadbent's fabulous arrangements lay the foundation for what I think is the best track on the album -- \\"Get Yourself Another Fool\\". Paul's voice runs on top, clean and clear in this blues inspired tragic love song. The myriad of fabulous musicians, the orchestra and PMc meld into a wonderful whole. This is a great song.<br /><br />The musicians can't be oversold on this LP. Even thesongs that I didn't relish from a vocal standpoint are masterfully rendered by some of the absolute best musical talent on the planet and you can clearly hear them in this beautiful Tony LiPuma production.<br /><br />I came close to not writing this review...<br /><br />...for not wanting to speak ill of the gods, and certainly Paul is deservingly exalted for his success and talent.<br /><br />I would argue Frank Sinatra sits at the apex of the artist success ladder, but if there's anyone that comes close to matching Sinatra's success and impact on music and the entertainment arena, it may indeed be Paul McCartney. But that achievement came as a rock/pop artist and it doesn't curry sway for PMc as a standards singer.<br /><br />By the way, it cuts both ways ... I didn't really cotton to Frank's attempts to sing disco/pop/rock numbers late in his career, and I never took to Bobby Darin's foray into folk music. Bobby and Frank were exploratory souls and some of their ventures worked and some did not ... that's just the way of the world.<br /><br />Net/net, at the end of the day...<br /><br />Kisses On the Bottom is not my cup of tea. There are some good numbers ... even a couple of great one's but too few (my track list ratings below) to get me across the line for an LP recommendation.<br /><br />We may not agree, and judging from the critical reviews out there, I'm clearly in the minority with this one. But, that's what makes the world go 'round. Give the samples a listen and go from there.<br /><br />Now if I can just stay ahead of those angry acolytes and lightning bolts! ;-)<br /><br />Kisses On The Bottom Track List...<br /><br />(VS_Guy ratings: \\"+++\\" pluses are good; \\"~\\" for meh to middling;  \\"- - -\\" minuses are not good)<br /><br />1. I'm Gonna Sit Right Down And Write Myself A Letter + (won't make you forget Dean Martin but a nice version)<br />2. Home [When Shadows Fall] ~ (Not a good selection up against PMc's vocal style)<br />3. It's Only A Paper Moon - (flat on the vocals and an off-putting fiddle sequence ... nice compliment of Pizzarellis though!)<br />4. More I Cannot Wish You -<br />5. The Glory Of Love ++ (the first and best from a nice run through the middle of the track list)<br />6. We Three [My Echo, My Shadow And Me] +<br />7. Ac-Cent-Tchu-Ate The Positive +<br />8. My Valentine ++<br />9. Always~<br />10. My Very Good Friend The Milkman --<br />11. Bye Bye Blackbird -<br />12. Get Yourself Another Fool +++ (my favorite both vocally and musically ... jazzy blues and well done)<br />13. The Inch Worm - (I don't care for this song in general ... this version does not pull it out of the ashes)<br />14. Only Our Hearts + (Nice Nelson Riddle-ish arrangements get +++ on this PMc original)<br />15. Baby's Request (Bonus Track) ~ (Krall's piano and Bucky's guitar get high marks and a lovely trombone strolls by)<br />16. My One And Only Love (Bonus track) ~ (sigh ... such a great song; wonderful Broadbent arrangements; vocals don't deliver)them in this beautiful Tony LiPuma production.  I came close to not writing this review...  ...for not wanting to speak ill of the gods, and certainly Paul is deservingly exalted for his success and talent.  I would argue Frank Sinatra sits at the apex of the artist success ladder, but if there's anyone that comes close to matching Sinatra's success and impact on music and the entertainment arena, it may indeed be Paul McCartney. But that achievement came as a rock/pop artist and it doesn't curry sway for PMc as a standards singer.  By the way, it cuts both ways ... I didn't really cotton to Frank's attempts to sing disco/pop/rock numbers late in his career, and I never took to Bobby Darin's foray into folk music. Bobby and Frank were exploratory souls and some of their ventures worked and some did not ... that's just the way of the world.  Net/net, at the end of the day...  Kisses On the Bottom is not my cup of tea. There are some good numbers ... even a couple of great one's but too few (my track list ratings below) to get me across the line for an LP recommendation.  We may not agree, and judging from the critical reviews out there, I'm clearly in the minority with this one. But, that's what makes the world go 'round. Give the samples a listen and go from there.  Now if I can just stay ahead of those angry acolytes and lightning bolts! ;-)  Kisses On The Bottom Track List...  (VS_Guy ratings: \\"+++\\" pluses are good; \\"~\\" for meh to middling;  \\"- - -\\" minuses are not good)  1. I'm Gonna Sit Right Down And Write Myself A Letter + (won't make you forget Dean Martin but a nice version)  2. Home [When Shadows Fall] ~ (Not a good selection up against PMc's vocal style)  3. It's Only A Paper Moon - (flat on the vocals and an off-putting fiddle sequence ... nice compliment of Pizzarellis though!)  4. More I Cannot Wish You -  5. The Glory Of Love ++ (the first and best from a nice run through the middle of the track list)  6. We Three [My Echo, My Shadow And Me] +  7. Ac-Cent-Tchu-Ate The Positive +  8. My Valentine ++  9. Always~  10. My Very Good Friend The Milkman --  11. Bye Bye Blackbird -  12. Get Yourself Another Fool +++ (my favorite both vocally and musically ... jazzy blues and well done)  13. The Inch Worm - (I don't care for this song in general ... this version does not pull it out of the ashes)  14. Only Our Hearts + (Nice Nelson Riddle-ish arrangements get +++ on this PMc original)  15. Baby's Request (Bonus Track) ~ (Krall's piano and Bucky's guitar get high marks and a lovely trombone strolls by)  16. My One And Only Love (Bonus track) ~ (sigh ... such a great song; wonderful Broadbent arrangements; vocals don't deliver)
B0067Q42BY|5.0|once I started playing, I was hooked. couldn't put it down for hours on end. every game is a new challenge. highly recommend this game for everyone.
B004SBQGHS|5.0|Insanely additive, regularly updated to add new boards. All in all I'm not a game guy but love this one. Recommended it to anyone with a few hours to blow!! :)
1595822003|5.0|I got this hearing about how it was Wrightson's Magnum Opus.  I figured it was a graphic novel.  I don't have 10,000 years of life to read all the books I'd like to, so I read graphic novels.  I had never read Frankenstein and was happy to get this and see all the art.  I was taken aback first by the beautiful book and the condition and quality it was in.  Then I was bummed while thumming through it to see it wasn't a graphic novel but the actual novel, illustrated.  I set upon reading it and was blown away.  It's one of the best books I've ever read. The large pages with double spaced paragraph's make for an easy and pleasurable read.  What a tactical failure turned strategic success for me!  It's so much better than all the movies I've ever seen. Also, Kings intro is kind of mundane as one reader had indicated but it was the original intro done for the first pub years and years ago.  If you miss out on this you will be bummed and it's a bargain at 30 bucks.
0374275637|5.0|Posted as one of the best books of 2011, Thinking Fast and Slow explores the working of the mind on two levels; System 1 - fast and intuitive and System 2 deliberate.  Along the way, Daniel Kahneman summarizes and explains the literature related on thought and decision making.  He certainly covers a lot of material. Insights jump out on page.  I particularly found sections on human judgment,  anchoring, and the relationship between emotion and evaluation of risk very interesting and helpful.  His explanations for intuitive behavior and regression to the mean are exceptional. That said, the novice to this literature will not get lost for Kahneman carries the reader along almost effortlessly.  There is much for the reader to learn here.
B004UHSB5A|2.0|Surely there is a better game of dominos available out there. Got this from Amazon's free daily app, and I don't see why this ever would even have a price tag. Just a simple notification, even if dismissed, will cause you to lose your entire game, and the ridiculous scoring system can cause you to lose even if you clear out your hand every round
B002MQYOFW|4.0|Synopsis: The Hunger Games is a novel from the perspective of Katniss Everdeen, a teenager tasked with keeping her (relatively useless) mother and little sister, Prim, clothed and fed in the dystopian 12th district of Panem. Once every year the \\"Capitol\\" flaunts its power, brutality and indifference for its subjects by hosting The Hunger Games.  One boy and one girl from each district, between the ages 12 and 17, are chosen as \\"tributes\\" for the games.  They are forced to fight to the death in a televised spectacle aimed at intimidating and entertaining viewers throughout Panem. This event is supposedly meant to punish the districts for a rebellion that took place 75 years ago and to somehow remind them that these \\"Dark Days\\" must never happen again, but it primarily serves to illuminate the districts' complete vulnerability to the power of the Capitol.  When Prim is chosen as the District 12 tribute, Katniss volunteers to take her place, in a desperate effort to save her life.  This all happens in the first two chapters.  The adventure (for lack of a better word) continues from there.  Review:  Now you're probably thinking what I first thought when I read a summary- that sounds morbid and depressing.  And it is.  BUT, Collins is a very talented story-teller and she very skillfully develops the characters and relationships in this novel.  Once I picked up The Hunger Games, I couldn't put it back down.  You would expect the violence and brutality of the games to be the most repellant aspect, but for me it was the spectacle and entertainment value of the whole thing.  The tributes are paraded around, their image is contrived, they have personal stylists to create the right look. Television interviews focus on personal interest stories and drama.  It's all so trivial in light of this horrific event, but it's great TV. And it feels far too familiar.  It is the ultimate realty show.  Collins draws you into the drama and action.  You have to know what happens next- you participate in the spectacle.  When Collin invites the reader to participate, it makes her commentary on the American media machine all the more poignant.  The \\"Career Tributes\\" come from districts favored to win the games.  They are well-trained and well-fed and represent the apathetic brutality that these conditions create.  Aside from the career tributes, each participant attempts to hold onto their humanity in small ways, while facing the ultimate reality that only one can survive.  It is a compelling dynamic that pits internal morality against undeniable circumstances.  I just started Catching Fire and I hope Book 2 really dives into the historical conditions that shape contemporary Panem and details the referenced rebellion, because this novel leaves more to the imagination than I'd like.  Overall, The Hunger games is entertaining and thought-provoking.  It's a surprisingly relevant story with relatable characters and some twists and turns along the way.  Enjoy (I sure did)!
B004UHSB5A|1.0|This game was way off on touching and moving dominoes its wayyyy too small and will not let you move tiles around! I do not recommend this game to anyone.
0062082353|1.0|I bought the book at Costco, curious about SEALs and their best sniper. I soon found myself wondering why someone who apparently reads little would have written a book. Mr. Kyle had what it takes to be selected by the SEALs, is a good shot, likes to fight, served multiple tours, and does not like Iraqis. He enjoyed his work and his comrades. There. I just saved you some money and a few hours of reading. My copy went to the recycle center.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|its the best game any one can get. everyone will love it I love this game so much yay well that's really all I wanted to say its just a perfect game :) &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3
B007BLCGNU|2.0|Historically I am unfamiliar with Hoover, but as a movie watcher, this film was boring. much dialog that could have been scripted better. The plot followed Hoover throughout his life with much emphasis on his homo-sexual tendencies. There were no details however, about Hoover's famous cross dressing. Despite all the big names, it just could not come together and the stories of big Washington D.C. players seem cliche. The life and times of an Oklahoma dirt farmer during this historical period would have been far more entertaining and less contrived than this film.
B0067Q42BY|5.0|First time playing Mahjong... won't be my last :0) Graphics are good, added storyline is a bonus. Can easily spend hours playing without getting bored ;0)
B0063IH60K|5.0|Great game app and functions well on Kindle Fire. It does have pop up ads but is easy to over look. Down load and have fun.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|one of the best time killer ive played so far would recommend to others only thing you have to buy levels
B0067Q42BY|5.0|I love this game. Its addictive and challanging. It has several levels so it doesn't become too easy or boring.
B0068TL23G|5.0|Play almost every day since it was the free app of the day.  On chapter 6. Levels vary greatly, and in most cases not hard to get 5 stars on a level since it appears in most cases that there is only 1 solution.  I hate using hints and as levels go up the cost of the hints go up.  Simple to learn, but really a great challenge
B006UG90RM|5.0|Yes, just when you were ready to say hey, I'm not closed minded, I like all types of music, today's music couldn't possibly be as lame as I think it is, today's artists couldn't possibly be as inane and frivolous as they seem, I guess I'll pick up that Amy Winehouse retrospective, I guess I'll go ahead and say more Snoop Doggy Dogg please, I guess I'll start watching American Idol so I can text people about how good some generic voice is, I guess I'll say sure, the tuneless underground sludge death vomit is somehow the logical progression from what was, or I think it was, or I have a vague faraway memory of it as perhaps maybe being something that was fun and, I don't know, somehow life-affirming, instead of a tight lipped pain parade of uber-serious souls in torment and maybe, perhaps, no, could it be that I once did not feel guilt about being an excreting being on this planet, and last generation of man, and...but no it couldn't be, that was just a dream, half-remembered, some primal spasm from the pleasure center trying to convince me that once upon a time we turned on the radio and what tumbled out made us say Hell yeah and drive an extra 10 mph faster and feel good to be alive instead of angry at a faceless them, because life is a big party, and this is the soundtrack, and we're all invited.  Yes, just when you thought it was you, along comes this 50 minute slice of something vital, not retro, maybe the first living thing to come staggering into the sunlight after the nuclear winter - it pops the top (not a cap), hands you a brew, watches you drink, hesitantly at first and then deep and lustily, says See, you weren't dead after all, and you start looking around for others, you start looking to share the elixir.  Drink it deep my friends.  Then drink it again.
B006ON41FC|5.0|I think this game is a ton of fun! Its great when you have free time and want something mindless to do!!!
B004MC8CA2|4.0|the only reason that I didn't give it a five star rating is because this app only seems to have the king James version
B004UHSB5A|1.0|The dominoes have to be placed EXACTLY; there is no tolerance.  This could have been a fun game, but I gave up after trying to play a single tile fifteen times.  Surely the developer noticed this during development.  Why wasn't it corrected?
B00005O3VC|5.0|The product came on time...and was under priced....I was actually skeptical when I saw the price of this item, and was expecting a burned copy of the movie...NOPE! Legit copy and it was the special edition...if you haven't seen this movie you are missing out...Shipping was Great!
B005KAJPY2|4.0|I originally bought this album at a VNV Nation concert in December, but after getting it autographed by the guys, I ended up giving it to a friend who wasn't able to make it to the show. I bought the album again off of Amazon, mostly for the song Nova (an AMAZING song IMO), but also because I enjoyed most of the other songs on the album. The only exceptions are \\"Control\\" (it seems forced, like it was done strictly for the fans of the GRR ANGRY GRR stuff; I like a bit of that, too, but Control clashes with the rest of the album. *Badly.*) and Goodbye 20th Century (was never crazy about stuff like PTF2012 and this).  It's not my favorite of their albums, but I do like it for what it is. For one, it's VERY upbeat; it surprised both me and my friend when we listened to it. I'm not one of those folks who expects every song my favorite bands produce to be absolutely profound and edgy and dark and deep-above-your-head or whatever, and if you're like me, chances are you'll enjoy this album.
B002MQYOFW|3.0|Light reading that was entertaining most of the time but its premise is too unbelievable for me. The plot description is already well described so I won't go too far in here. Just that a society as a whole would accept and enjoy watching innocent children fight to the death as a punishment for crimes committed by a distant past culture (the contest in the story is 74 years or so after the rebellion) is treated too lightly. Too make this work more believably needs much more explanation than we get, which of course is why the book fits the YA description. This story has been told before (elements of Running Man and others) so a more detailed explanation as to the how and why this is still a necessary punishment is in order. I also wasn't pleased with the way the book ends. This is written as a trilogy but being forced to buy book two to end a story I invested time in buying and reading is simply marketing strategy. A worthy trilogy sells on its merit not a cliff hanger without substance.
B00275EGWY|5.0|Amazing movie, I loved it. Once again Jeremy Renner pulls of an incredible performance. This isn't your common war movie, which I loved. The same old war movie where people get blown up at every corner gets tiring. So this was new, and just an awesome movie.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this app is the best free app. you can get more games for more points and play for points. you can also download other apps for.points. you can play hundreds of fun games for free!!!!
B004ZNARH4|5.0|I couldn't wait any longer and purchased this box set just for the Blu-ray version of \\"DSOTM\\". There are so many great sounds made better by the 24bit/96kHz sonics of this album. To start with, \\"Money\\", which in my my opinion has always been an overplayed irritant for me over the years just absolutely shines in its aural brilliance here. From the opening crash of the register coins to the shrill wail of Dick Parry's sax to the sharp scream of Gilmour's guitar at the end, this song is totally redeemed by the high resolution brilliance of the mastering. There are other sublime moments, such as Clare Torry's shockingly bare warbling at the 3:36 mark of \\"The Great Gig In The Sky\\", and Gilmour's ever soaring solo on \\"Time\\" (by far my favorite track on \\"DSOTM\\"). The swirling resonance of \\"On The Run\\" and \\"Any Colour You Like\\" carry you into darker waters with the assurance that Captain Floyd will bring everyone through unscathed. There are little surprises that only a Hi-res experience can bring into the light, such as the faint tv-show music at the end of \\"Eclipse\\" that I've never heard before. If anyone knows what that music is, please tell me. I realize I have probably paid too much for just a Hi-Res copy of \\"DSOTM\\", but I don't care: it was worth every penny. I hope when I drop the same serious coin on \\"Wish You Were Here\\" I will be rewarded the same. In my humble opinion I think \\"Wish You Were Here\\" is a better album than \\"DSOTM\\". Tomato shields up, Mr. Sulu.
B000683VI4|5.0|it was  just  as expected  i used the dvd  as  part of a raffle for a cancer fundraiser and it was deeply appreciated.
B006JPS1OM|4.0|I don't know if I would pay for it.  But it was fun enough.. it is only a demo though!!
B006ON41FC|5.0|lug it wywvs gwgwyw uwha aywvsy...... kajajha Haggai h's h whw h aha aha shs shad shsbhz z zgs sh s sh shsysvshdgs ag shabby w sobs gs v sb shdhx Hhs sh sh Bab shsns
B004UHSB5A|1.0|The tiles are soooo small, at least on the Fire. I removed it in less than 5 minutes and my eyes are still aching. I love dominoes and it seems like it would be a fun game if they made better use of the space.
B004I744AS|5.0|Much better  than I ever expected and very easy to use. Also offers a lot of extras that you can decide whether or not to keep on the home page.
B0060FXBNM|5.0|Love these movies, so I was thrilled when this set was on sale - all three movies for the price of one! We had a movie marathon as soon as we got it in the mail.
B00005T7I1|5.0|Remember this from the mid 1980s when Madonna was hot and  hadnt gone GaGa. Shirley Maclaines` brother Warren Beatty and his fellow Jewish friend Dustin Hoffman.Believe he directed,produced starred in this pretty true to form Dick Tracy...not as dark as the real Tracy was in the `30/`40 more up beat good beats bad.Great for kids the whole family clean .Has all the bad guys in movie with excellent make up. Like the way he used prime colors ..blue,green,orange,yellow red...worth a look -see. and add to your collection...even comes in 5.1-DTS DVD;plays nice in a PS3.
B0067Q42BY|4.0|the game mahjong artifacts is a very enjoyable game to play. it has great graphics and is has great playability.
081297381X|5.0|This book is scathing attack on economists, financial analysts, corporate executives, social scientists and many other kinds of self appointed experts.  If you've ever suspected that 99% of everything is crud - this book is for you.  Taleb articulates very well the limits of human knowledge and the human weakness to be blind to the limits of our knowledge.  And in particular, this book does a great demolition job on the mis-use of statistics in many kinds of forecasting.  I give this book 5 stars, not because it's perfectly written, (it's not - and Taleb makes no attempt to hide his egotism), but because it has changed the way I think about the world.  Taleb presents a powerful argument about why some things are fundamentally unpredictable and our attempts at forecasting them are just hubris.
B002G1YPH0|1.0|I installed this exactly as the instructions stated. I have built many computers from scratch in the past 20 years, and I have done dozens upon dozens of hardware installs on computers. This is a Gigabyte GAP55UD5 (Intel 1156 chipset) motherboard. This motherboard and all the peripherals all ran fine for a year or more. I shut the machine off, installed the cooler per the instructions, and the computer never booted again. No noises, no lights, no fans, no smoke, nothing.  All I can figure out is that the heatsink or it's mounting plate somehow shorted something out. No idea what, it all looks fine. The insulation is complete/undisturbed on the backplate, and the standoffs. No evidence visually of any problems with the motherboard or the processor.  I have removed the backplate, standoffs, and in fact everything from the motherboard and it will not boot, or do anything for that matter. Same thing with a spare power supply so I doubt that is the issue.  I guess I got my wish of a quieter computer, it is now a large, expensive paperweight that makes no noise at all. This is a pretty heatsink, but if it kills your motherboard it is worthless.
B001S86J0I|5.0|Great cast,close to Star Trek short lived tv series,the TRUE BELIEVERS, in their costumes,character roles..they identify with.All burnt out from years of signing autographs,hawking merchandise til one day;Aliens from far ,far away from yond distant galaxy;comes asks for help to defend the remaining peoples of \\"their world\\";who built a space ship from the tv series characters and space ship and terminology and made it really work.Then the main cast character Shatnerian type ,the only one in the tv series,and all the rest werent really there.Is ask to help defend them from their enemies bent on total genocide of the \\"pacifist\\" aliens;is taken by them to \\"the space ship\\" to help defeat the bad aliens.So,he comes back convinces the others ..it is real and needs their help to run the ship.Well I think you have the idea..quite funny,well written good fx,great cast..some people be surprise does this comedic movie justice.Great clean laughs.Hits alot of points points ..spoofing Shatner.
B0062P3392|5.0|This movie was a great surprise.  Didn't expect the different twist and turns, but was glad to go on the adventure.  This was truly a fantastic movie.
B001N1DPDE|4.0|this was a gift for someone else. he seemed pleased with it. i would say that the sheath was a bit difficult to get off. it was a nice and solid and heavy.  good edge. simple and good.
B006ON41FC|5.0|at first this game seems bizarre but it gets addictive with each goal you meet. my four year old loves it too.
B004SEUJ46|5.0|Terry Gilliam movie ...what can you say to those that love Terry Gilliam movies.Mat Damien gives a surprising excellent performance with Heath Ledger, you could see his skill as an actor evolving to a deeper zen( learn it ,forget it..becomes second nature) commitment.Based on Grimms` fairy tales;a complication of many of the fairy tales.Almost on the border of Tim Burton overtones.I look back and listen and watch all movies with an open mind and the plot ,words cinema photography and special effects  but mainly how well the story written and told through acting and people chosen to play the roles.many known actors ,nice click.A sleeper I think many people just didnt have  or give the patience to understand and enjoy...but we all have different taste.Ledger didnt leave too many movies for us,too bad he couldnt take just one and not the whole bottle ..another great talent lost to over indulgence.
0938045768|4.0|I picked up the book Convict Conditioning: How to Bust Free of All Weakness - Using the Lost Secrets of Supreme Survival Strength by Paul \\"Coach\\" Wade. It is an expensive book, but a fascinating read. It talks about the history of strength training and strong men from days gone yore. However, the best part is the training program.  The training program - which was developed by the author while in prison - focuses on six, compound, strength building exercises called the \\"big six.\\" These are your goals. For \\"supreme survival strength\\" you must be able to perform every single one of these. All exercises combined from the program actually come up to a total of sixty, and fifty six of them are only there so you can get to the big six.  Every exercise in the program is basically grouped into six categories. Each category has ten exercises, which will take you up to the \\"big six\\" (your ultimate fitness goal). They are as follows:  1. Pushups - (Progression.) Wall Pushups, Incline Pushups, Kneeling Pushups, Half Pushups, Full Pushups, Close Pushups, Uneven Pushups, 1/2 Arm Pushups, Lever Pushups, One Arm Pushups.  2. Squats - Shoulderstand Squats, Jackknife Squats, Supported Squats, Half Squats, Full Squats, Close Squats, Uneven Squats, 1/2 One Leg Squats, Assisted One Leg Squats, One Leg Squats. (The last one is your goal.)  3. Pullups - Vertical Pulls, Horizontal Pulls, Jackknife Pulls, Half Pullups, Full Pullups, Close Pullups, Uneven Pullups, Close Pullups, Uneven Pullups, 1/2 One-arm Pullups, Assisted One-arm Pullups,  One-arm Pullups.  4. Leg Raises - Knee Tucks, Flat Knee Raises, Flat Bent Leg Raises, Flat Frog Raises, Flat Straight Leg Raises, Hanging Knee Raises, Hanging Bent Leg Raises, Hanging Frog Raises, Partial Straight Leg Raises, Hanging Straight Leg Raises.  5. Bridges - Short Bridges, Straight Bridges, Angled Bridges, Head Bridges, Half Bridges, Full Bridges, Wall Walking Bridges (Down), Wall Walking Bridges (Up), Closing Bridges, Stand-to-Stand Bridges.6. Handstand Pushups - Wall Handstands, Crow Stands, Wall Handstands, Half Handstand Pushup, Handstand Pushup, Close Handstand Pushup, Uneven Handstand Pushup, 1/2 One-arm Handstand Pushup, Lever Handstand Pushup, One-arm Handstand Pushup.  The book also gives general tips, and detail is given about how many times you should do an exercise, and when you should and shouldn't work out (your schedule).  For example, the schedule after the beginner schedule looks as such:  Monday - Pushups, Leg Raises - 2 Work Sets (I.E. 20 times total for each exercise.)  Tuesday - Off  Wednesday - Pullups, Squats - 2 Work Sets  Thursday - Off  Friday - Handstand Pushups, Bridges - 2 Work Sets  Saturday - Off  Sunday - Off  As you can see it is quite comprehensive. While it is not necessarily better than training with weights - the author debates otherwise - it is a good start, and can greatly increase your athleticism, without requiring any equipment. I tried some out some of the exercises and found them to be quite challenging. I am thinking of continuing. This definitely looks promising.
B004SOR4H6|5.0|Huge improvement over what it used to be on the Kindle Fire. Using it as my main client now that's its a real app and not a shortcut to the main website.
0547258305|5.0|This was unlike any other book that I have read! I absolutely loved every minute of it from the beginning to the end... There's no need for me to go into details of the story because so many others have done that but, I struggled to put it down! Sometimes you find a book that you just want to read straight through to the end and when you have to put it down, you're thinking about it until you pick it back up! This was one of those for me! 5 stars!!!!!!!! I highly recommend this book.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|A very ADDICTING game! I Love. all the different. games! cant wait to open up some more of them! just wish it was easier to get points.
B006DJ2JSI|5.0|o my gah it is like lufondalicios I would friggin marry this sexy app (I even proposed)  o my gab wtf omega I love the dictionary tata
B00008OWZC|2.0|I bought this because of great reviews, nothing below 4 stars. I have Mothership and have owned the old albums, but I am comparing \\"How the West was Won\\" to \\"Mothership\\". HWWW has little bass, which was biggest disappointment. The studio cuts rock with clear deep bass while HWWW does not. Second, the long versions become tedious, especially Dazed and Confused. There are long stretches where they are just tapping drum sticks. I can't imagine what the audience was doing. I have never been to a concert where this would have been tolerated in silence. Not recommended.
032147404X|5.0|Awesome book for beginning photographers.  Even a great tune-up for intermediate photographers.  Digital photography is pretty much the only way we capture images anymore and this book does a gret job of detailing scenarios to create great images.  Well done.
B004UHSB5A|4.0|I can't speak for anyone else of course but it plays great on my Xperia Play.  When you get too far on one side they just stack up.  No issues getting bones to stick either.  With so many other games to play this'll probably get put on the back burner until I get a tablet but it was certainly worth the download!
B002BU0DPE|1.0|Two months after purchase all of the plastic caps on this product broke off.  I had to use black tape to fix the headset and reinforce the other plastic parts on this product. Very poorly made.
B004UHSB5A|2.0|the game seems to work fine for me,  No major problems placing the dominoes as others have reported and I'm using the asus eee pad transformer. The reason I'm uninstalling is because the dominoes are way to small for a 10 inch tablet and the grahics are not that appealing. Some of the game apps have an option to make the screen bigger....this one does not.
B006LQQ1GE|5.0|Caught the video for \\"Somebody that I used to know\\" on VH1 and the tune completely grabbed me. Started watching other videos on youtube... great videos. Had to buy the album. Am loving the music. Reminiscient of Peter Gabriel and Steve Winwood in places, but with his own sound. Fresh sound and talented guy. LOVE this album
B000X107GI|5.0|These batteries are for the security sensors on the sliding door and windows for my house. We used to get them from Radioshack which was way over priced for batteries like these. The ones we had paid full price always needed to be replaced after 2 months. But, these have been there for about 3.5 months now. Great for the price you pay!
B0063IH60K|5.0|I like it. it is fun,and has a good winning game. I like the auto-complete for after you win. very good for free.
B004EBUXSA|5.0|Most people you see doing reviews for this are usually game enthusiasts. There are magazines dedicated to building \\"Dream Machine\\" PC gaming computers. So as a musician looking to build a Digital Audio Workstation  (DAW), most articles and reviews were not helpful. Definitely do your research as to what programs will be using and if the processor matches up. I use Cubase to record with. Fortunately enough, Cubase DOES utilize hyperthreading. Makes everything a little speedier and quicker. This thing is amazing as a for my DAW. I can run multiple VST's on tracks unfrozen with barely any CPU usage. I think with about 8 VST's, my CPU usage was only 7%. And thats insane since my last machine only had a dual-core @ 1.5 Ghz. On my dual-core system, that would have ran me up to about 30-40%.  I run Cubase to record live tracks. And I use FL 10 ran through re-wire into Cubase with Superior Drummer(X64). With additional drum library packs that eat up ram (56% of my 8G of Corsair Vengeance RAM TBE). This processor never goes above 20% usage. It stays at a constant 3.8 GHZ with Intel Turbo Boost. I haven't had the need to OC this thing. It blazes through any audio rendering. With aforementioned programs running, I can render a .wav into .mp3 in around 30 seconds!! It used to take a minute to a minute-and-a-half on my dual-core.  If you are looking at processors to build something for recording, this is the best thing to look at. I have seen other DAW's running the same programs with other leading processors, and there is no comparison.
B005I6EVUG|5.0|I just received this case in red and it is gorgeous!. It fits the Kindle Fire perfectly. It looks and feels expensive and it is the best case I've seen yet. If you want a case that looks very classy- this one is for you!
B0058VW36U|5.0|This app is my favorite. Om non is so cute. I also like how you can get the magic key thing and get all levels.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|Such a good read! This book is a great kickoff to the series. Can not wait to see how the movie stands up to it.
B00011RPB0|1.0|This utterly boring piece of junk was promoted out of fear, fear at what wrath Francis Coppola would exact if people in \\"the industry\\" didn't praise this piece of tendentious trash from the tops of mountains.<br /><br />This praise for this utterly lousy film reminds me of going to your boss's home and praising some finger-painting done by his daughter posted up on the refrigerator, with you knowing the whole time that your boss's daughter is a full-grown adult who does NOT live in a group home.<br /><br />Skip it.
B0057EYACI|5.0|This longstanding British label has been on a hot streak, putting out a lot of great bargains packed with great music (for instance, this [[ASIN:B0057EYA6E Hall & Oates]] package collecting just about their entire, early Atlantic recordings). This one is no exception, cramming all three of Croce's prime-time ABC albums onto two CD's  - plus about 15 bonus tracks from his early, rare recordings.<br /><br />That said, Edsel's set is probably no better than Atlantic's [[ASIN:B000002JPW 50th Anniversary Collection]] (1992) and, if you already have that one, you certainly don't need this one.
B004XZ99LO|3.0|This dvd is 35 minutes, more like an adverising for what it can be..    Rent if you can, not worth the full dvd price
B005ZUR724|4.0|a good mobile approximation of wow a lot better than pockect legends graphics could be better and some camera issues but a real time waster
B006GECE9Y|5.0|I originally tried the Dolphin HD from the Kindle Store, and the only way I can describe it is \\"IT SUCKED\\"<br /><br />I searched this morning and found Dolphin HD version 7.6.0, and so far the only thing that I can say, is that Amazon should seriously consider dropping the Silk browser for the Kindle Fire, and use this soley.<br /><br />It has been great,
B004WCTLNY|1.0|If you must have this film, wait 'til it's sold for a penny. That's all it's worth. None of it makes any sense, it's the sort of boring viewing which makes you wonder why you're wasting your precious time.
0812992792|4.0|I read this book because I wanted to know what it's like to live in North Korea.  Beginning with the character Jun Do gives us the perspective of an actual person subjected to the inhumanity of his situation starting from an early age - being deprived of his mother for some unknown infraction and virtually abandoned by his father, who lives right with him as the Orphan Master,  but won't claim him  as his son because of pride.    It wasn't hard to understand the absence of humanity he exhibited in his first \\"adult\\" job of snatching hapless Japanese from their beaches and bringing them back for use by the Dear Leader.  His character does exhibit growth as he develops his knowledge; he listens to the outside world with a short-wave radio and sees the lie of the mass programming, even has opportunities/chances to escape, but doesn't take them out of consideration for his co-workers, who will be punished.  But that doesn't stop a couple of them; he even covers for them when they try it.  In the end, he demonstrates the ultimate sacrifice as he helps the woman he loves to escape safely, but stays behind as the sacrificial lamb.    Johnson never explains what North Korea does with the blood they \\"harvest\\" from the weakened mine workers too exhausted to recover from freezing and starvation, but describes them as \\"pleasantly confused\\" as their blood is drained out and their boots removed and given to others, and the blood is bagged and put in an old Red Cross portable icebox.    For those citizens who buy into \\"the story\\" continuously blasted into their homes and work places, he does confuse the reader somewhat when he switches from third person to first person narrative because you wonder who is speaking now, but it doesn't matter; it's an illustration of what happens to everybody.  Their lives make arbitrary shifts in circumstance as they are suddenly transferred from one miserable \\"job\\" to another with no explanation.    If all that Jun Do (John Doe?) goes through is typical, this \\"empire\\" also deprives everybody of their dignity, their integrity and humanity as they are forced by fear and intimidation to snitch on one another even stone their friends and co-workers to death, thus making them all feel guilty of the worst of crimes of the heart: betrayal.  It harkins to Orwell's \\"1984\\" but worse, for this is Johnson's research report.  He actually went to North Korea to find out what it's like to live there and to convey it to us through this novel.    To me, North Korea is a vortex of active fear and chilling negation of all that's lovely and true which is dragging down the collective consciousness of the whole planet.  It made me feel incredibly grateful not to have been born there, and that everybody who reads that book should want to call down the Light of God upon that place daily! It was compelling enough that I couldn't put it aside until I finished it, but when I did, I felt that I needed healing!
B006OOHYIC|5.0|I love this app!!!!!!!!!!!!!!(: it is awesome!!! btw I izzzz a kid so don't b saying. ad stuff bout me or dis app!!!!!!!!!!(:
B0058VW36U|5.0|This game is an awesome game. It gets to be hard every once in a while but it's worth it. Really addicting game.
B0036TGT3E|5.0|So mice to have a movie that you watched as a child and can now share with your own children.The seller sent the movie very fast. Thank you.
B000K15VSA|5.0|When I discovered Blade Runner as a teenager, it basically nailed me into science fiction. It's a real pleasure to discover the process of creating this movie. It's sad they didn't feature more Syd Mead, who's the master behind the art of vehicles and interior design in Blade Runner.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|this is a great app!  Its easy, fast, and reminds me to read the Bible! I love how its.able to read aloud to me .
1593082010|3.0|I read the entire thing. I can't even explain why. The characters were flat. The plot was predictable. The writing didn't really stand out. I still read it all the way through, so I guess that counts for something.
B003DZX3US|5.0|Seller was quick and I would recommend buying. Great classical movie and the kids loved it. It had a bluray and dvd which worked best for us.
B0067Q42BY|5.0|I'm really enjoying this game. I love mahjong and it's cool how a story goes along with it. Really cool.
B002ZG976U|5.0|It came really fast! Faster than I imagined, when i got it i put it in to watch and it was perfect!!
1593080719|5.0|I really didn't know that much about this book before I started reading. I thought it was just a magazine for most of my life. I started reading the novel on a whim and found this to be one of the most engaging books I've ever read. I say that Thackery is eye to eye with Dickens as far as writing ability. The characters in Vanity Fair actually have a unique personality and the plot has enough twists and turns to keep my modern attention span held.
B00009ZYC1|5.0|I love this movie and my kids do too!! The best thing about this movie is how CHEAP it was! I will buy from this seller any day!
B004LOMB2Q|4.0|Have been using this app for a few days now. Discovering it's features. Finding it very useful on my Amazon Kindle Fire.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|For this 101-in -1 games it is a pretty good game it challenges. You to get more points to play and get more games ,so overall great game
B004UHSB5A|1.0|well, to start off, crappy graphics, gameplay is dumb, computer mostly wins. if you want a good time waster, just get the free version of solitaire.
B002KSPKRS|5.0|I can hear everything it great not to expensive but is a great quality on this headset I think there are great
B0063IH60K|5.0|great classic solitaire for my kindle fire, only thing that sucks is the pop.up adds when u enter and finish the game.
B005ZUR724|1.0|this is a fun game.  you will play it for hours if you download it.  because it is a massively multiplayer game, you will meet friends from all over the world.  then it will stop working.  for days or weeks.  then maybe your account will come back - maybe not.  they don't care - they got your money.  tech support will ignore you for weeks and then give you some b.s. and ignore you some more.  happened to me on the I pad and now again on android.  they are a Chinese company and only care about your money.  oh and reading your callers identities.  check your permissions.
B004UHSB5A|5.0|As the title says, it's dominoes. Good to kill time.  And Matthew. I don't think that phrase means what you think it means. Bad troll is bad.
B004LROMQG|5.0|I have really enjoyed this series.  Taking the old story line and giving it a new twist really with good, sound story lines has really enhanced the pleasure of watching it.  I think more programs like this, especially done by the BBC, would make television more enjoyable.
B006PHD0RW|2.0|Just trying to turn an object in the bag makes you want to throw your phone against the wall. But its pretty.
B006ON41FC|4.0|I got this game on a whim because it was the free app of the day but have wound up being very happy with it. not a great amount of depth, but the skill challenges are nice for killing time.
B00004T2ED|5.0|This is an excellent interpretation of The Goldberg Variations.  Murray Perahia is one of the truly great pianists of his generation and his Mozart in particular is quite brilliant.  I have not always been wholly convinced by some of his Bach recordings, but this is a wonderful disc.  His technical perfection means that the lines blend beautifully while remaining crystal clear, he has a real affinity with and understanding of the music, and he makes his piano sing with a marvellous sweetness in all the right places.<br /><br />At this level of technique and musicianship it is a matter of personal taste which version one likes best - a choice of tempo, perhaps, a nuance of rubato or a subtle difference in ornamentation, for example, may make one version speak to you a little more personally than another.  For what it's worth, my favourite remains - just - Angela Hewitt's recording for Hyperion, but if I were cast away on a Desert Island with only Perahia's version I would still be very happy.<br /><br />In short, this is a superb interpretation with excellent recorded sound, attractive packaging and interesting notes.  I really don't think you can go wrong with this disc and I recommend it very warmly.
B006ON41FC|5.0|super super fun one of my favs. awesome and fun it is a fun game all age's. I can not stop playing it
0380820846|5.0|Romancing Mister Bridgerton<br />Reviewed by Ann & posted at Under the Covers Book Blog<br /><br />Penelope Featherington has been overlooked her entire life. She's been told that she's not pretty enough, too plump, too nervous and too quiet. And yet, Penelope probably has the most personality out of all her heroines in this series. Penelope is hands down my favourite heroine! I love seeing her growth as a character in the previous ones leading up to her own book, Romancing Mr Bridgerton with her long-time crush, Colin.<br /><br />I wondered how Colin would redeem himself after his flapping mouth exposed too much about how he felt about marrying Penelope in the last book. But even though Penelope was humiliated publicly by Colin's outcry, she took it in stride, never letting Colin know how much it hurt her.<br /><br />Colin Bridgerton is the third son of the well-known family and he's been portrayed as the devil-may-cry character. Colin is known for his easy smiles and his well-placed words, but in this book we discover that Colin has his unfulfilled fantasies and secret desires. Who would have suspected such a thing from Colin, who always seems to enjoy himself in everything?<br /><br />What I loved about this book is that we learn that there is more to the hero and heroine than we first thought. Quinn presents Penelope and Colin as one way, and in this book, we discover that there is more to these characters than we ever suspected.<br /><br />If you've been wondering who Lady Whistledown is, then rest easy because you do find out who it is in this one! I smacked my head when I found out! OF COURSE! I thought. It makes absolute perfect sense now that I look back. There were so many clues to indicate the true identity of the notorious Society paper queen.<br /><br />Also, if you're read Lisa Kleypas's Dreaming of You, then you may have noticed that Quinn incorporated one of Kleypas's characters into this book. Penelope reads Mathilda by S.R. Fielding who is actually Sara, the heroine of the book!<br /><br />And of course, I have to talk about the romance between Penelope and Colin. While the previous book with Benedict was quick and passionate, Penelope and Colin's romance was much slower and more solid. I love that Quinn makes each book different while still keeping it true to the characters. It makes each subsequent book entertaining to read. *sigh* I just adore this series!Sara, the heroine of the book!<br /><br />And of course, I have to talk about the romance between Penelope and Colin. While the previous book with Benedict was quick and passionate, Penelope and Colin's romance was much slower and more solid. I love that Quinn makes each book different while still keeping it true to the characters. It makes each subsequent book entertaining to read. *sigh* I just adore this series!
B0055SWM08|5.0|Great game. Whoever wrote this is to be commended. It isn't a game of speed, but one of forethought and accuracy. And the consiquences of a misstep are evident over time. Hints are only given after they are earned.
B006M4RN3U|3.0|Would have been 5 starts but auto tune sucked it up. The songs are good, but then Auto-tune totally ruins the songs. There is too much auto-tune on it. I was really expecting this album to blow me away. It is good, but would have been so much better if the auto-tune wasn't in it so much. Aim and Ignite was a lot better. I am looking forward to their next album and hope it is was less produced. I feel like on this one they are just trying to sell records and get popular.
B006ON41FC|5.0|love the. game. fast moving and challenging trying to meet the goals.  I hope tto get more. fast fun. games like. this
B004UHSB5A|4.0|This is a decent game. The placement is a little tricky, and it sometimes won't pick up a domino when I touch it. Other than that, it's fun.
B004UHSB5A|1.0|Very simple game, would be better with 4 players. Hard to manipulate (have to &quot;hold&quot; the hover carefully or you lose the highlighted tile). Hard to see things. Played 1 game, that's all it took to know I won't play it again. Uninstalled it. But appreciate the chance to try it for free. Thanks!
B0064NTZJO|5.0|I downloaded this movie thinking it was just another fast and furious, little did I know I was about to watch the best movie of the year.  Downloads lead to sales, if I wouldn't have downloaded this I would have never seen it and from there never bought it.
B005KJJ4F8|4.0|This book is pretty good.  It is a LITTLE twisty-turny and drags on some parts slightly too long or shallow. But the overall plot is interesting and the protag is alright.
B003EY7IRC|5.0|I began about a month ago, reading the first book in this series.  I thought the premise was not your run of the mill paranormal novel.  I quickly ordered the rest of the series for my Kindle.  All of the books, particulary the final two were so well written.  The characters were enthralling.  I particulary loved the interaction of Mac and Barrons....definitely not you average love story.  What an imagination!  I am going to order additions books from this author.  I am a fan!
B0067Q42BY|5.0|Definitely worth it. Can't stop playing the games. The ads are not a big deal and they only appear right when you go to the game
B003AQBYUG|5.0|The product is almost the same on every aspect however this version doesn't come with diferent languages audio and subtitles (English, Spanish, Portugues). Aside from that everything is just great.  UPDATE: It does have various languages and subtitles, this ANTHOLOGY is great!!!
B003K16P3M|5.0|This is one of my favorite books in the world, and I do not say this lightly!! I fell into the book immediately and was a zombie until I finished it.  I wish I could give it SIX stars for being exceptionally awesome. I wish I could un-read it or memory wipe so I could read it over and over for the first time again.  I have re-read this book 3 times waiting for its sequel (Bitterblue) to come out. When it does, I will buy it instantly.  This is a must read if you like fantasy.  Katsa, the main character of this book, is extremely likeable. She has a good character, but not steroetypically good like Fire is (another K.C book). Katsa has her rights and wrongs as she struggles with her weaknesses, and she learns and develops, which makes this book better than Fire, in my opinion.  THIS BOOK IS AWESOME.
0743233832|5.0|What can I say? The 5 stars average reviews are true.  Marcus Aurelius, the last of the \\"good\\" five emperors, left a work that has survived the centuries. The translations by the Hicks brothers relates his wisdom to the 21st century audience. I have read 5 other translations and this one is the most expensive, but the most easily understandable.  It would be a good gift for all ages. Would serve as an excellent.
B003Y5H53S|4.0|Gore Verbinski's \\"Rango\\", featuring yet another quirky, endearing performance from Johnny Depp, is a funny, engaging good time.  I enjoyed its skillful mix of surreal craziness and straightforward narrative, neither overpowering the other.  Watch for all the great tributes to Hollywood films of years past (even one or two that starred Depp himself), as well as the most obvious one: The film's plot, themes, and even its main antagonist are cleverly and playfully taken from the classic 70's drama \\"Chinatown\\", minus that film's violence and weird familial relationships (so it's okay for the kids). Cool animation and character design, too!
B003K1EYM6|5.0|I only bought this for the USB input to my ipad. I have not tried the card reader yet but I'm sure I will use it for photos. For me, it is worth the money just to add the USB port. I am a musician and I use it to connect keyboards to my ipad. It works with Garage band and some other apps I have.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|This book is so capturing, you will be thinking about it constantly and wanting to read it until you finish. Then you'll mope over the sequels (that being said, heads up that the sequels are nowhere as good).  The main character is a girl who you'll grow to like very much very soon. The plot is fast and captivating, breathtakingly tense in some parts and heart-wrenching in others.  I would recommend this book to everyone.
B0002F6AH0|5.0|Fantastic! Mesmerizing! Unbelievable documentary! One of the best! A must watch and once you start you can't stop. The films selected put you right there.
B00003CXD0|5.0|Case and DVD in great shape and sent not on time but before it was due. I will buy as often as I can! Thanks
B005HSG3U6|5.0|I LOVE my kindle cover! Only wish it could be propped up vertically instead of the standard horizontal way they have shown. It keeps my kindle clean and safe.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|This game is challenging and fun. Its a puzzle game with levels and different challenges. Its like tetris except this game has many objectives. Fun and cute!
B002BWP49C|3.0|Love the Twilight books and I think the casting of Bella and Edward really brought the characters to life in the movie series.  Like others, I greatly anticipated the Breaking Dawn movie and their relationship moving forward.  However, I don't think this director likes vampires.  It seems to me BD takes away the fantasy (for the most part) and replaces it with just a teenage love story.  Do I love the story...sure, but the fantasy is the vampire/human relationship.  Condon takes away the make-up...no pearly white, sparkly vampires in this flick!  Also, I have to mention the hair...Almost everyone changes, Edward goes much shorter, Jasper gets a cut and color, Rosalie (Blondie) goes brunette, Carlisle...etc.  I want my vampires sparkly and beautiful, darn it!  Some of the best book material was totally overlooked, i.e., before/after cars, telling Charlie of the marriage plans, the wedding fittings, etc.  However, we get stupid toasts at the wedding for comic relief??? And an extended shot of Rio's street dancers????  If you blink, you'll miss the much anticipated wedding night...no Edward making eggs endlessly for Bella, no snuggling and movie watching.  When we get home to Forks, all our vampires (who are now extremely humanized) are busy..no statues here, and the wolves have turned into cartoon figures complete with dialogue.  The Cullen home doesn't even seem to have the allure of the previous movies.  Bella's final scenes - not in the tight ice blue dress of the book, but flowing cobalt.  Yes, I'll see the next one, but I won't anticipate it quite the same way knowing that it will pick up where this one left off and I can't help but wonder, what changes I'll notice next. The writer was a producer on this movie, but she should have stuck to her gut insticts about her characters and made sure we didn't lose her vampires (and our fantasies)at the hands of yet another director.
B001IF252M|3.0|Apple's display adapters are always a bit pricey to begin with, but this one does not perform very well with typical budget monitors available nowadays.  The DisplayPort to VGA conversion provided by the adapter is blurry and is barely readable.  I bought a brand new MacBook Air for my wife as an upgrade to her 6-year old MacBook.  The idea was to continue using the same external monitor with a new, and rather expensive adapter.  While the computer's performance is excellent, the adapter is marginal at best.  The previous adapter for the older MacBook must have been straight-through wiring as the fonts and photos were crisp and clear on the same monitor.  I was not planning to buy a new monitor in addition to the computer, so I am annoyed by the poor quality of this adapter.  I know it is not the MacBook Air as I have one at work and the connection through DVI or HDMI is great, although there is a more expensive HP monitor on my desk at work.  Buyer beware is my only warning, your performance may vary.
B004UHSB5A|1.0|This app isn't worth the download. The pieces are tiny and the computer always gets the points. There are much better apps out there.
B006ON41FC|4.0|it is a really fun game. I'm cheap and got it when if was free, at the price of 99 cents it would still be a good buy. I wish there were more costumes...but I'm a girl :p lol
B000002KHF|5.0|Bought this CD solely for the song \\"Brand New Day\\".  Absolutely love the entire CD.  Great music, and brings  back many memories.  Highly recommend it.
B004UHSB5A|1.0|Buggy, and there is a better one on the market that's online. after playing this,  everytime s bone is played, its not placed on the right spot
B004LOMB2Q|4.0|I think that evernote operates smoothly and provides many options that other apps I've used do not. I would like to figure out how to attach more items, flashcards, and other infirmation but it may just be that I haven't learner how to yet. great app I have it on all my devices and love to use it for school notes and shopping lists.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Very well developed. great graphics. kinds just wanna play games ive already completed sometimes. i would definately recommend this game to anyone looking to have fun.
B007APG16U|5.0|Every song on this album has amazed me very much considering this is Tyga's first official album. And with 19 full tracks (excluding the Birdman and the Mystic Interlude) I enjoyed each song very much; they were all very detailed and produced to every little touch. Each producer on this album probably have outdone many other producers on any track they have on this album. The intro \\"Careless World\\" has an unbelievable transition from it's amazing beat, to the Mystic beat. Both parts of the song were just so well put together. Every feature on this album also fits in. Most of the songs barely ever go off topic. I was surprised \\"Lay You Down\\" was put on with new verses. \\"Love Game\\" personally is one of my favorites because Tyga's lyrics matched the instrumental very well, and the dubstep outro was the cherry on top. Another note was when Tyga had said his mitxape would be full of party songs and his album would be full of emotional songs, he wasn't lying; And that's a pretty hard task for a rapper to make! #BitchImTheShit mixtape was full of party songs. Careless World was all about the emotional things Tyga talks about (except Rack City). Lately all of Tyga's songs that have been released have been unique and a lot more original than most rappers nowadays; especially the album Careless World, this album is worth to buy and listen to.
B005DESVPO|5.0|...to throw any Katy Perry disc in the dumpster and stop sleeping on Gary Clark, Jr.  He is the personification of real music.  'The Bright Lights EP' is only a mere four songs in length, but you will undoubdtedly be left in a state of amazement and you will be craving more!  Gary Clark Jr. is a real blues musician, without a doubt - you can hear him pouring his heart out in his perfect voicals on each song, on top of his impeccable guitar work.  I first took notice of this man as a result of VH1 playing his \\"Bright Lights\\" music video in their daily morning \\"Jump Start\\" and the song instantly caught my attention.  The first time I heard it, I stopped making the coffee and just looked at my television, saying aloud, \\"Who is that?\\"  I assumed it was an older song I'd never heard, as I figured there was nobody on the mainstream music scene playing guitar like that nowadays.  So I looked him up and was pleasantly surprised that I haven't missed Gary's career from the beginning; he is just now emerging.  And I'm so glad, because the music world is in desperate need of some fresh new talent (and I stress the word \\"talent\\").  He's just awesome.  I honestly can't wait to hear his full-length debut album!  Anyway, please support this uprising star and buy his EP!  If you're a fan of good music, you won't regret it.
B004SJ3AXI|1.0|I think this is one of the worst games I have ever played if I could ggive it zero stars I would I cannot believe people like this game it stinks most of my friends like it and I am like that game sucks why do. you like it I think whoever made this game is stupid do not get this game it is terrible!!!!!!!!! the birds are ugly and the gameis super boring!!!!!!! I deleted this game after one day!!!
B00447G2PM|5.0|This movie completely exceeded my expectations.  The HD 3D was incredible.  I was watching this on a 60\\" plasma with active glasses.  I imagine the quality would not be a crisp with passive 3D glasses as the resolution is only 540 in each eye (they call it 1080).  However, with the active glasses it was amazing!  I have since ordered about every IMAX 3D Blu-ray out there.  IMAX does a great job!
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|Angry birds games are the best, I can't wait for  Angry birds space to come out, I wonder when angry birds seasons valinetines 2012 is coming out.
B006ON41FC|5.0|I love this game the squirrel is so cute I love getting it clothes and doing the goals whoever doesn't like this game is a freak when. I got it it was free but I think you should get it even if it is a dollar get this game it is awesome. my third favorite game! love it!!!!!!!!
B00139B39E|4.0|I like everything combined, but most the good tunes on it were off Octavarium.  One CD seemed like ballads and other one rocked.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this is a great game! it is really fun and doesn't get boring like most apps do. there are tons of games to play, yea you start out with ten games but they aren't  that hard to get other ones.
B00687XO1G|5.0|Criterion has outdone themselves with this edition of Anatomy of a Murder.  What a great improvement over the barebones Columbia release from several years ago.  The clarity and sharpness of the picture is astounding.  This blu-ray may be one of the best transfers of a classic black and white film I have seen.  The image fills the widescreen with what is the proper aspect ratio. The soundtrack is superb.................the Duke Ellington score is a masterpiece.  The quality of the sound is an enormous improvement over the former DVD release.  I think this is a case where a double dip is worth it for fans of this film which contains an electrifying debut by George C Scott and a smoldering performance by Lee Remick.
B006PZBR8S|3.0|I have seen better and I have seen worse, it is a old theme really just copied and updated a bit to fit the times. It did not captivate my attention at all and at times just seemed like it was being \\"filled in\\" to stretch the film out. It is probably a great movie to some, it is just not my cup-o-tea so to speak.
B005ZUR724|3.0|ok well I downloaded this game, played for a few days, and loved it. however, for the past few weeks I wasn't able to play due to the android patch in work. now I downloaded the patch and I'm able to get further in the main screen but still unable to play. I don't want to get rid of the game but I might have to due to the disappointing glitches. I paid for this, I want to be able to play. please fix soon, your going to lose a lot of good customers if this lasts much longer
B004RDCI6A|5.0|Havok has definitely refined their sound more on this their second album. An excellent follow up to the Burn album. A tad bit slower yet more focused the band has again broken free from the monotonous sound of what american thrash metal bands have become  and as much as I hate to compare \\"have a very similar sound to early Megadeth\\" and that's no diss! I don't recall a song I didn't like from this album, or their last album for that matter. 10 out of 10 stars
B005HSG3VK|2.0|It does not work as well as it shows it to.It does not hold the device as well as it shows. I wish it had I would be happier with it.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|Probably the best book I've read in a long time.  The book's whole premise is out there and it just drags you in.  Worth a read a few times.
B006ON41FC|5.0|Simple, yet addictive. The control takes time to get used to, but otherwise it's fun and entertaining. Highly recommended, specially if can get it free via Amazon
B004UHSB5A|5.0|no problems. I did notice that sometimes it doesn't want to connect when showing green but only when It's not fully over the propery position. better instructions would be good or a quick tutorial.
B004UHSB5A|3.0|I was at a bbq today when some of my hommies wanted to play some bones. well since I had seen the faotd I whipped out my phone and started a game. everything was going fine until my bro Diante got pissed because the pieces weren't laying correctly so he blamed me and said I was cheating. next thing I know he pulls out a shank and stabs me in my stomach. the cops were called, I dropped my 40 and the ribs were burnt. its the worst bbq I have ever been to. use with care
B0000683DH|5.0|I only own the old trek movies, none of The Next Generation Movies. The great thing about this movie, is they took a great villain from the old T.V show. And Brought him into the present, I've always thought this movie was the best in the entire series. We get to see Kirk find out he has a son, and briefly reunite with his ex. Plus Spock's sacrafice at the end to save the ship, now I know the next generation tried to recapture this magic in \\"Nemesis\\". But failed to recognize, what this movie does. There was history between Khan and Kirk, Kahn was marooned by Kirk on a planet, after he tried to take over the enterprise. But was defeated by Kirk, years later. A scientific expadition, finds Kahn and what's left of his group. He steals the ship, and heads out for revenge. Ending in a head on battle with Kirk, not just once, but twice. And both times being outsmarted by Kirk, a very awsome movie
B006ON41FC|5.0|I am totally addicted to this game. The variety each time you play is really fun. It's definitely a great way to kill time.
B0059XTUVI|1.0|Thatcher was one of the most significant political figures of the 20th century and a film about her life is very much needed. This is not it. What we get is essentially two stories linked by a single unique and brilliant actress. Meryl Streep's acting skills are not in dispute but they are wasted in this quite dreadful film. Love or hate her, Margaret Thatcher was one powerful Lady and her life will always be controversial. Rather than concentrating on these issues, some two thirds of this film is about a frail old lady, who looks like Margaret Thatcher, experiencing the problems of advancing senility. To depict anyone in such a light is potentially deeply offensive and distressing to the individual as well as her family and her many friends and admirers. It has no bearing on her political life which was during a time when she was in her prime. This part of the film is quite despicable in my view and uncalled for at this stage of her life. Her husband gets little better treatment being shown mostly as a fool.<br /><br />The second part dealing with some selected scenes from her political life is very much better and shows what might have been achieved with a decent script and a competent director. What disappoints me the most is that Meryl Streep took on such a role. I doubt her intention was to humiliate Thatcher but whatever it was the final result is a lost opportunity as she will never now make the film that she should and could have made. This is really a terrible film and should only be viewed to admire Meryl Streep's consumate acting, it has little or nothing to do with the Iron lady.
B000001GRZ|5.0|I can't compare this with most of the other recordings of these suites available. I can tell you that the performances & recording are excellent so there is no need to hesitate. Go for it!
B003UESJGA|5.0|A wonderful film in the best British style. Casting and script are just about perfect and the transfer to disc is outstanding. I loved it!
1594481717|1.0|This book can be picked up from the library, not worth buying.  In fact I would rather read about the topic online.  We do need to think about how we can synthesize our L and R brain centric qualities better so that our experiences will be richer, we will be able to do tasks efficiently, so on and so forth.  Most importantly we owe it to our kids to raise them to think.  Not to do things conventionally but to think why is it so and how they can be made better.  We can also understand our children, family and co-workers better once we know which side of the brain they prefer.  And THAT should have been the purpose of this book.  Should we do all this because jobs are being outsourced to another continent? Shouldn't we be doing these things anyways?  Are we saying that all the progress made so far is solely on basis of the L brained thinking?  What we have to realise is that over the centuries world has been moving closer.  We now live in a global economy.  A global team.  We need to empower each other with the strengths that each half can offer.  This topic could have been written beautifully.  Instead the author through endless talk of outsourcing has made it seem as if this book is only for the ex computer programmers, financial analysts and legal assisstants whose jobs have been taken away.  The author also seem to have a narrow minded approach in presenting analogies, anecdotes and choosing the people to interview.  I am mostly disappointed that Thomas Friedman quoted this as the \\"my favorite business book\\".
0385534639|4.0|I'm not a writer, in fact I am former theater major who falls in love with words and descriptions. I apologize for my bad grammar and punctuation. I love words, how they make you feel  and the emotions they elicit from your heart and mind. This book was everything I needed it to be, beautiful descriptions of things I can not wait to see, hear, taste, feel and smell. The characters could have been a little more developed, I yearned for more history and background. But I fell in love with them none the less. I spent the last 50 or so pages, closing the book after every chapter....this is one of those novels that I didn't want to end.
B004XWLN20|5.0|I loved this set. The actual box set is very nicely made and is perfect for a die hard fan like me. Some people were complaining about the discs being packed too tight. I think they are fine. There isn't a scratch on anything of mine. Delivery was fast and right on time. I received it when i was suppose too. Awesome set. I'm very pleased.
B0000UJDLM|3.0|This is a great family flick but the acting/directing are sub-par.  The special effects are decent considering this movie was made in the early 80's.  Definitely worth seeing at least once...if you have kids who can watch it with you.
B0060FXBNM|5.0|The movies are awesome and to the all three for about the same price as one was a great deal. My grand kids love these movies and think grandpa is the coolest.
B0063IH60K|4.0|Better than Microsoft Solitaire but I like the Ms fanfare for a win, better. You know, where the cards come off the stack and bounce off the screen...
0062082353|5.0|I really enjoyed reading this book.  It was good to read how it is for the soldiers doing the hard work of serving our great country.  My deepest gratitude to Chris Kyle, his wife and family and to all service men and women for the training and service provided in each of the armed forces.  This is an easy read that makes you cry, laugh, and think.
B00364K6YW|5.0|After borrowing the Special Edition from a friend, I decided that I wanted a copy of this movie for myself.  I ordered the Restored Edition because it was a newer release.<br /><br />The Restored Edition has additional behind-the-scenes. The changes in audio and video quality are very subtle to an untrained eye like myself. Since this was originally aired as a mini-series, this version has also \\"restored\\" the lengthy beginning and ending credits of each and every episode. This gives someone who wants to sit down and watch the story unfold without interruption left to feel like they're watching commercials.<br /><br />The Special Edition is compiled to flow like a movie without interruption. However, it does have less behind-the-scenes. Additionally, if I had not been told, I would not have thought that the graphics or audio needed to be improved upon.<br /><br />If you are not interested in the additional behind the scenes and would like to watch it as a movie, go with the Special Edition<br /><br />If you prefer to have the additional behind-the-scenes or want to see the minor changes in audio and video quality and do not mind the interruptions of the credits, go with the Restored Edition.
B004UHSB5A|1.0|drag the tile doesn't stay the dominoes are to small just needs work another crappy faotd what's up with the past couple of stinkers
B0042FZOFU|5.0|The product is what it claims to be, a simple collection of three blu-ray disks. There are no extra frills and no ridiculous packaging or posters.
B006ZEDZNY|1.0|The review showed the best parts! It is slow and only has a couple of good almost funny parts.  Do mot waste your money!
B006PHD0RW|5.0|This game is very fun and addictive! I got it for free and definitely glad I did. Would even pay for this game. It has good graphics, not glitchy and has cute characters.
B006JSXYPA|5.0|great movie, with a briliant image and amazing audio. I recommend for everyone you must see this movie most two hours of action, i waiting my purchase, transfotmers dark of the moon 3D
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I've been using Evernote for several years and enjoy the multiplatform features, ease of use and functional beauty of the product.
B00004RFFI|5.0|This is the kind of movie you can watch again and again and still enjoy it. Bill Paxton fits right in to his role as a one-time- storm chaser -turned weather man- turned storm chaser again. Helen Hunt is the perfect actress to pull you in with her sad story and make you cheer her on to success, not only with her storm chasing, but in her relationship with Bill's character. I wanted to jump through the screen and shake Paxton's character when he brings the new fiance to visit his wife to get divorce papers signed. I jumped up and cheered when he came to his senses. The love story is just a portion of this film with aggressive, frightening tornadoes being center stage. I was impressed with the power displayed by the storms created for this film. The supporting cast is well rounded and chosen with talent. These people are believable and seem like they could actually be a tight-nit group of coworkers trying to do something good for the world. Carey Elwes is sickeningly effective as the bad guy. All in all, a great addition to anyone's movie collection and appropriate for family night.
0156027321|4.0|Life of Pi is a great book. It was very easy to read and very interesting. It had a deep religious message but wasn't preachy at all. I highly recommend it.
0812550706|4.0|Ender's Game goes in the Classics category. I really enjoyed it, finding it hard to put down once I started. Ender is a genius boy who's life is not his own in this sci fi story. His intellegence and that of other genius kids are used in fighting another race. There are secrets kept from Ender as there are secrets kept from the reader leaving you no choice, but to keep reading.
B0071MV540|4.0|Good rental.  I agree I wouldn't buy it though.  Funny, serious, witty and overall an enjoyable movie.  Definitely worth renting.  Would have been nice to have seen some scenes less overlooked such as the scene with the cockroach carried by Murphy's character in the restaurant so that the viewers can enjoy the reaction.  Eddie Murphy was funny at times but they choked his humor by not allowing him to elaborate on what could have been hysterically funny scenes.  I give it four stars.
B000JMKNV0|5.0|I read this book a few months ago.  The television was on and I caught a few parts of it at work, but I wasn't able to watch the whole thing at once, so I bought the book.  I absolutely loved it.  It was definitely a mind trip for me, and I love that everything actually wraps up in an ending that doesn't leave you confused.
0205313426|5.0|Brilliant analysis, and some of the most practical advice on writing (not just grammar, but actual writing) I have ever received.
B0063IH60K|4.0|The ads in the game for other card games are annoying,  but it is free I will continue to deal with it.
0439023513|3.0|The third book does feel rushed, specially at the end of the book. I think I would have wanted Collins to take more time re-thinking some of the plot and extend the series to 4 books if needed to make characters and plots end reasonably well.
B004UHSB5A|4.0|A fun game of dominoes.  Great for a beginner, with legal moves highlighted in green as you drag tiles over the playing area.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|Catcher in the Rye is a good book by Anthony Soprano. It is fast and simple. It is also one the first android apps I ever used. Improv!
0743497465|1.0|This book is aptly titled...it must be the point of deception in this writer's cv. I hate leaving a bad review...but I hated wading through the cliched writing, absurd plot, and tired tropes. Don't waste your time.
B005J0VPNC|4.0|i love this app and would give it 5 stars if i could use the front facing camera. can this be added?
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is the best game ever! I love it!! u must get it.... so ya.... get it! get it, get it, get it, get it, get it!
0525423656|1.0|I didn't have very high expectations for Crossed after reading Matched, but it was definitely a let down. Matched was okay, but Crossed was just bad. I thought it was written poorly, but maybe I should have expected that from a high-school teacher. It was dull and slow. The ending also sucked. I would guess most readers could see it coming but still, disappointed. Overall, if you like The Hunger Games try a different series because you will be let down with these books.
0547581033|5.0|This was the first of Mem Fox's books that I purchased for my baby. The poem is charming and sweet a wonderful and welcome change from the inane text in so many baby books. The art work is delightful. Most importantly though baby LOVES this book. We read together several times and day every time we read he is impatient to get to this book and often wants me to read it at least twice. After reading it I put it aside with the other books we've read and he'll lean over out of my lap to try and grab this book. This was the first book that he clearly enjoyed and his favorite. Every baby should have this book.  We have the lap book version and I wish I had purchased Going to Bed in the same format. This version is neither to big nor to heavy. The larger size makes the pictures and the whole book more enjoyable.  While looking at other books by Mem Fox I noticed that this one had less than a five star rating. Upon reading the review that claims this book is to big for a 23 month old and that they may have to take their daughter to the ER because of immense weight of this book I couldn't let such nonsense sit there unrefuted to deter anyone from the best baby book in the perfect format. This book is about twice the width of the average baby book and little bit taller. It is thicker than most because of the padded cover, this extra thickness however is not heavy. This book does not ways about as much as two small board books. My son at 7 months old has no trouble turning pages, opening, or closing this book. At 7 months his hands are not yet big enough to hold this book on his own, though I don't doubt that he will be able to do so before 2 years of age. He independently holds the typical small board books (remember this weighs about as much as 2 board books) as well as some toys that way slightly more without issue. While this might hurt a tad if dropped on delicate little toes simply being dropped would do nothing more than create a moment of slight discomfort, it is not heavy enough to cause any injury or any reasonable concern that one has occurred. Even if a child were to threw this book on the floor and hit their foot in the process they would not be hurt.  Ignore the hysterical and inaccurate review about the size, this is the perfect board book in a great size. You and your baby will be glad you did.
0618526412|5.0|this turned out to be one of those books that i purposely read slower and slower as i get to the final chapters because i did not want the story to end.  this book definitely goes into my top three all time favorite books.  it's amazing how the characters all feed off the character of the deaf mute, a compassionate man who is just as desperately lonely as the four misfits who come to depend on him.  the characters became so real to me.  i would give ANYTHING to write like this.  it was painful to witness mick's transformation from a child with endless plans and ambitions to a work weary adult sacrificing for her family.  it was hard to read about blount's seemingly never-ending frustration and anger, finding the only person who felt the same way as him, dr. copeland, impossible to talk to.  the saddest was dr. copeland, a man so committed to his belief in his mission that it cost him his family, his health and peace of mind.  biff was a mystery i thoroughly enjoyed.  but like the others, i fell a little in love with john singer, with his capacity of patience and compassion to those around him.  it's a story i will never forget.
B004FOA84A|5.0|The letter was corny but the music and the game was really cool !!!!!!! $  If you get it you won't be disappointed.
B002A9OJ0Q|2.0|Predictable melodies and lyrics really undermine some well honed talents in musicianship and vocals.  Simple ideas need not be unoriginal. Im a huge fan of this band... not their greatest moment.  makes me wonder, Why are so many band's first efforts their best, most authentic?
B0058VW36U|5.0|Both my children love this game. My seven year old son who has adhd plays for a good bit everytime he gets started. Well worth the money spent.
B006ON41FC|5.0|Fun and simple game. I find myself playing quite often and got long periods of time. I would recommend this game to every one.
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|I haven't watched it all of the episodes yet, b/c I don't wanna watch them too fast lol but I will most definitely order all of them
B0054JZC6E|5.0|we'll I was amazed how much fun this would be at first I was just like ok why not try it but once I got it I was just so.... you know what I mean happy excited lol just get it!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ;D
B0000001PW|5.0|Superbly crafted, intricate, free-spirited, bombastic, symphonic, humorous and happy at the same time, this music is probably the best Chick Corea created since the golden days of Return To Forever and it contains some his most memorable melodies. It has some 80s synth and drum sounds, and a rather glossy production, but at its heart, it's just great fusion. Scott Henderson is a great addition, and definitely one of the best guitarists Chick has ever worked with. Too bad this was a very short-lived lineup, because after this album, the music of CCEB turned toward more commercial sound.
B002RVCD0U|3.0|In terms of mindless adventure films, this one was excellent from the beginning.  Plenty of action sequences, battles, and nasty terminator robots.  I can't fault the film: it's a generous serving of goofy fun.  But it's when you get into the subplot and the mysterious Marcus character that things start to get a little bit perplexing.  Spoilers start below:<br /><br />(spoilers) From the beginning, you know something is fishy with Marcus, and there are some creative parallels suggesting he might be a terminator himself, but once the bomb is dropped and we find out that he is a strange terminator/human hybrid, then the questions start rolling in.  I lost sleep after this film, pondering how exactly certain problems in this scenario could be figured out.  For instance, he's a terminator with a human brain: wouldn't he start to question his lack of ability to eat or drink, or desire to?  And what about bathroom functions?  If you still had a human brain in a terminator body, wouldn't you start to question why those details don't matter anymore?  And how could a heart function without the rest of the circulatory system, such as lungs to give the heart oxygen, or bone marrow for blood cells, etc, etc?  And if the final terminator gave Marcus a massive damaging heart punch at the end, why would that make for a healthy heart for a transfer?  And in a post-apocalpytic setting, would they even have the facilities and medicines to accomplish a heart transplant?<br /><br />Even more perplexing is that the goofy robots of Cyberdyne would devise THIS sort of system to try to outsmart John Connor.  Wouldn't it make more sense to try more time travel, and this time go after Sarah Connor's mom, or something more linear and logical like that?<br /><br />Anyhow, if you don't read into the film, and don't think of too deeply, it's good fun.  Seeing Michael Ironsides in action again as the, well, the Michael Ironsides character again, was a nice touch as well.  But come on, did John Connor really dive into the ocean and swim into a submarine?n and swim into a submarine?
B00127RAJY|4.0|The video is very effective especially if you are trying a new program.  This is an intense video of nonstop excerise. Something to make you sweat and loose weight.  If you are looking for a simple workout and a fun fast moving past then this is the video for you. Diets do not work. You must sweat and excerise to loose weight and eat lighter meals.  Excerise more and you will see changes in your weight.  I already noticed a big change.  Thanks for this video it is a great workout.
B006ON41FC|5.0|this app is really awesome, the graphics are great, and is a great time waster and the squirrel is adorable (:
B000N4SHOE|5.0|This is a wonderful, wholesome and delightful movie.  It is definitely worthy of your Family Time. We loved it!  If you enjoy movies like Anne of Green Gables, Little House on the Prairie, Love Comes Softly, etc.  You will truly enjoy this!
0743486285|5.0|This book came quick and for being used, to my surprize, looked brand new!  I got it for a birthday gift.  He loved it!
0802473156|5.0|A few years back, I attended a men's conference. One of the sessions discussed improving your love life. I was curious and decided to attend. During the session, we took a profile to help us determine our love language. According to the presenter and this book, there are five love languages. Each of us feel love, affirmation and self-worth in different ways. For some, it is through touch. For others, it's words of affirmation. Or acts of service. And so on. The simple 30 question assessment pinpointed my love language. Something I already knew but couldn't put into words. More importantly, it was difficult to explain to my wife.<br /><br />Funny thing was, her love language was completely different than mine. While I tried to love her using my language, she didn't get it. And vice versa. She was loving me the way she needed it, but I wasn't translating. Even with the communication gap, we experienced a good marriage.<br /><br />One morning, I took her to breakfast and had her take the same profile. Immediately, we discovered a key to taking our relationship to the next level. It has been really amazing.<br /><br />I am excited to read this book. I know human languages have different dialects. Same words, different meanings. Similar phrases with various connotations. I am expecting this book to help me understand the dialect of love I speak, but more importantly, my wife's dialect.<br /><br />An ancillary goal is to recognize other people's love language. As a project manager, I can use this knowledge to help me manage and influence my team members.<br /><br />Epilogue: I've finished reading the book. I found the simple 30 question assessment to be accurate, even with additional explanation. In the book, the author gave several additional ideas to pin-point your particular language if you feel two might apply. So, it was a very good read.<br /><br />What I find to be a little more difficult is applying it to business situations. The principles would work, but you would need to apply them differently. For example, let's say one of your co-worker's love language is touch. It is not appropriate to be going around touching people, especially in inappropriate manners. That'll get you fired and possibly sued. Bringing in gifts for the person who feels loved by receiving gifts may get you in trouble as well.<br /><br />But, I can say, now that I am more aware of these 5 love languages, I can begin to empathize with my fellow team members and understand their actions a bit better.e of your co-worker's love language is touch. It is not appropriate to be going around touching people, especially in inappropriate manners. That'll get you fired and possibly sued. Bringing in gifts for the person who feels loved by receiving gifts may get you in trouble as well.  But, I can say, now that I am more aware of these 5 love languages, I can begin to empathize with my fellow team members and understand their actions a bit better.
B004MC8CA2|4.0|I overall like the apps but it has a problem connecting often.<br />I like the choice of devotions offered. I also like that it reminds you to to hour plan.
B006ON41FC|5.0|this is the most best game. and its a great game fir little kids, like me! plus blots a fret game for every one!
B004KA9UX4|5.0|I am an experienced classical musician who understands the basic concepts of jazz theory and improvisation, but wanted a deeper knowledge. This book is very comprehensive and is a bit overwhelming as a straight read through. It is a great reference book to support learning from your teacher.
0439023513|3.0|Mockingjay, the last book of the Hunger Games trilogy, starts of well enough but is often dragged down by tedious details about Katniss and her family and friends. It was the worst of three books.<br /><br />The action, as always, was death. First it was the thousands in Katniss' District who were bombed by the Capitol. Next it was Jackson, Prim, Boggs, Finnick, President Snow, etc. The slaughter goes on and on. It gets boring and very depressing after awhile. The ending is the only slightly cheerful part in the book. (I won't spoil it for all those who haven't read it.) I'm not saying it should be rainbows and butterflies but having vivid descriptions of Finnick getting eaten by Mutts? That's just overkill.<br /><br />The setting provides fresh places every couple chapters which is nice. This was one of the best parts of the book. The main conflict takes place in the Capitol, however, where the rebels are raging war. As they take over the palace and capture President Snow, Collins throws an interesting twist that I was not expecting at all. (Spoiler alert.) Katniss kills President Coin, teh leader of the rebels,  instead of President Snow. This kinda of restored my faith in the book and made me decide to give it three stars.<br /><br />If you have read any of the Hunger Games you have to read Mockingjay. I have to warn you it will be a disappointment but it wraps up the series so you have no questions.<br /><br />-Joe
B0054JZC6E|5.0|so. much fun!!!!  deff something for everyone! I love all the options you get after earning enough money.  easy enough for my four year old to join in on!
B004XQO90O|4.0|Normally CGI laden F/X films are lacking in either the f/x part, the story, the acting, or the execution or sometimes in all the areas. Here is a film which succeeds despite its vague sounding story line because it fires on all cylinders.<br />A man wakes up in a cylinder, this man is Jake Gylenhaal, who thinks he is in Afghanistan but instead is sitting on a train to Chicago which is about to blow up in 8 minutes. He is a part of a experiment and has to continue reliving this explosion until he figures out who caused it.<br />I found it very hard to review this film but you will not have a hard time liking it.  4 stars.
B003ZSJ212|2.0|My two year old VISIO player does not recognize these discs.  Blue Ray by the way.  The company sent me their latest upgrade and it still would not work.  Nice idea advancing electronics, but make sure that they willplay on your machine.  I hope to see them someday.
B0041KKYGU|3.0|A teacher Elizabeth Hansley, played by Cameron Diaz, hates teaching but is forced to return to it when her rich boyfriend dumps her . She tries to connect with her a rich substitute teacher Mr. DelaCourt ( Justin Timberlake) who is attracted to her chief rival Amy Squirrel ( Lucy Punch), the most annoying yet funniest character in the entire film. Hansley desires breast implants so badly that she weasels money out of parents, and even competes to raise the test scores of her class to win the prize money of 5700 dollars. This is a funny movie and a few scenes do make you laugh. It took my mind away for 97 minutes, which is great because not a lot of movies can do that. Enjoyable. 3 stars. 2/20/2012
B0017HEX76|1.0|I am terribly disappointed with this product.  I bought it for my sister, who wanted it for nostalgia's sake, only to have her call me and tell me it is in \\"another\\" language.  When I wrote the seller, I got a message back that the cover was in Korean but the DVD should be in English.  I have several back and forth email's telling them I cannot understand Korean.  I keep getting told to send it back and order another one.  HUH?  This is not good customer relations at all.  In reading through some of the other customer UN-satisfaction comments, I see there might be a way to change it to English, and will have her try that.<br />She does say the DVD is fascinating, and nothing like she remembers the original to be, but worth watching as long as you don't mind not understanding the words.<br />This is the first time I've been unhappy buying anything on Amazon, and I hope they will read our comments and work with the seller to make sure anyone who buys this product knows that it is not in English.
B005LJK3AC|2.0|Three old friends make a plan to kill their bosses, who are horrible. Kevin Spacey, is Jason Bateman's boss, Jennifer Aniston is the other boss, a nympho sort of a character who constantly alludes to sex and genitalia. Colin Farrell as the third boss is the best in terms of the radical transformation that he has undertaken. He is totally unrecognizable as balding drug addict.<br />A crazy comedy with only a little fun and very few laughs. So much talent has been wasted here including Jamie Foxx, who plays a killer for hire.  Did not enjoy this film Two stars. 2/17/2012
B006PHD0RW|3.0|The game is awesome! Very addictive, and extremely fun to play but it is very flakey. Sometimes I have to restart it three or for times to get it going, and last night it crashed and caused my phone to lock up to the point that I had to reboot it. Running on a stock Droid Razr.
B0055V6EZE|4.0|I saw the PBS special of Hugh Laurie going to New Orleans where he sang and played piano, etc.. I immediately bought this and LOVE it...I don't even watch his t.v. show \\"House\\"...but I love the music...true blues
B006ON41FC|4.0|Every should try this game.  Really fun and addicting.  Look forward to trying to get all the challenges.  Try it you will like it
B006ON41FC|5.0|My kids and I enjoy this game! We like trying to get through all the quests and seeing how far we can glide without crashing. Good family fun.
B005NPLXJ4|1.0|......because it sure as (expletive) ain't this one. It's horrendous enough that this is just plain, nausea-inducing, left-arm-numbing bad. It's worse than that, though. They weren't happy just to cram all this weird, foolish foulness on a single CD. Nope. Those evil bastiches had to get all cute and spread it out over TWO of 'em. That's a slap in the face if there ever was one. Even the almost, ALMOST equally brutal, \\"St. Anger\\", was limited to one CD. And the profoundly confusing, \\"Load\\" and \\"Reload\\", were basically one album but were released a couple years apart....each on one CD. This should be on no CDs. This album should exist only in the most out of reach location known to mankind so that no human, no matter how vile and deserving of bad, evil, ill-conceived music, could ever possibly get it in their grubby mitts and play the thing.<br /><br />I don't like this album. No one in my house likes this album. My wife made me watch, \\"The Notebook\\", with her for making her hear it. And then she went out and got drunk with her friends at some Chippendales type place. That was her revenge and I'm lucky it was relatively mild. My friends all hate this album and they all laugh at me for being such a sucker and dropping ten bucks on it. They told me that I should have just downloaded it illegally. And I should have. There's a laundry list of all the people who no longer feel I have any credibility when it comes to selecting cool music. There's no redemption in hating it....I actually bought it and that makes me an idiot when it comes to music now.<br /><br />I finally decided to throw it out and put it out with the trash for pick-up on a Monday morning not too long ago. When I came home from work that evening, I went to the bottom of the driveway to retrieve the empty receptacles. Inside one of them was this album and a note advising me that I needed to make special arrangements in order to dispose of certain types of waste. On the back was a full list and someone had written, \\"Lulu CD\\", at the very bottom. So I took the discs and got back in my car and drove off into the night, and eventually threw them out the window as I went over a creek a couple miles from my subdivision. By Thursday evening, they were waiting for me in the mailbox with the mail. I have tried other methods of getting rid of them as well. The last one - and the one which I thought would work best, was to take it into a local used CD store and just leave it there on one of the racks. I thought, \\"How could that possibly go wrong?\\" Somehow, it did. As I was leaving the store, the alarm went off like I was leaving without paying for something. The owner darted across the store, past the CD rack I left it in, quickly grabbed it and aggressively shoved it into my chest. \\"Don't you ever try to dump something like THIS in my store again!!!\\"<br /><br />So where are they now? Bottom of the catbox. Safest damn place they could ever possibly be, too.<br /><br />Seriously, there isn't a single note on this entire release that doesn't make me cringe like I'm constipated. Some things are so bad they actually end up being funny. Not this. Metallica makes themselves look and sound like total idiots for doing this. Lou Reed looks like an idiot for doing this. Zero redeeming qualities, zero moments that bring a smile to the listener's face - unless they happen to be completely insane. This is by far the worst album I have heard in all of 2011, and in the top ten personal worst of all-time, right up there with none other than, \\"St. Anger\\". It's literally so bad, it has to be a joke. There has to be someone, somewhere, who is laughing hysterically about this album's existence.
B006RED4GA|5.0|The Innkeepers has a somewhat older sensibility refreshed rather than being a modern horror. When much of horror was psychological, atmospheric, character driven, and mostly paranormal, this type of story was regular. It's not true so much anymore and that's a pity from my point of view.  Let me be clear and say that while it's no Saw, neither is it a Fall of the House of Usher. It's got a unique and contemporary tone.  The paranormal sub-genre is pretty thin these days and \\"haunted house\\" movies doubly mediocre, so this flick really stands out for me. The acting was great, the cast were all strong individuals, the characters were drawn deeply enough to matter, and the script was realistically voiced from a slightly different perspective than what you usually get. All of this made the movie fresh and unique despite any time worn themes.  The script itself was, I felt, very tight. It delivered an interesting premise, purposefully difficult questions, and built to a unique ending that turned away from the easiest avenues. I thought it interesting that we were told mid-story how it would end yet it succeeded in surprising me by not taking the ways out I thought it would. (I can't express how often I find myself liking horror/thriller/mysteries at the midway point only to find there's nothing else in the second half.) In these sorts of movies you also need Red Herrings that aren't obvious and a number of viable possibilities that open and shut as the story unfolds. This movie does all that, and with, in my opinion, good pacing. I personally like movies with seemingly odd or nonchalant dialog or scenes to reassess after the credits roll, and this turned out to be one of those films.  Additionally, this script does something a handful of real life mystery and urban legend flicks can never seem to do: make the fiction attached to a real life place or thing come off as possible and believable for the audience. I was pretty impressed. The movie was scary, too. Not too shabbya total for such an unassuming film.  I saw it on the large screen so I can't comment on how it translates into the living room. Some movies lose emotion on the small screen. I also have to point out that I rate movies I think done solidly well with a 4, with anything receiving a 5 having some unusual, stand-out quality I personally appreciate. I'm interested in following this director based on this movie alone.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This app is flexible and functional.  It puts great resources at your finger tips.  I like being able to switch between Bible versions without having to keep a stack of bibles next to me while studying.
0375851569|5.0|Good value, great books, my daughter likes them even tho she's a little young for them ( two years old)
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This app is so much more than just a Bible. It offers many devotionals and daily Bible reading plans written by many of today's top Christian authors and leaders. I recommend this app to anyone looking to spend quality time in the word. Great app!
B004RJMUJO|4.0|In general, this game is pretty good. Unfortunately, you can't unlock as many blades or backgrounds as you can on an ipod touch; it needs an update. Also, the controls aren't as sensitive on a kindle fire as they are on an ipod touch.   On a more positive note, the graphics are pretty good and it is very addicting. It also gives you a chance to unleash their inner ninja.
B006ON41FC|5.0|cute.and fun game! watch out for trees lol. moving up the ranks..  why do reviews have to be 20 words long? I like the game that's all you need to know...
B003PBB4ME|4.0|My original idea was to use this with a Sony HC9 handycam and  jag35pro DOF adapter using a Canon FD 50mm 1.4f. The handle was a great place to mount the 7in monitor. For those who use DOF adapters, you know that the picture gets inverted on the cameras LCD. I visualized this as a solid handle just like that of a prosumer camera but, upon opening the package and mounting just the Hc9 by itself, I found the rig wiggled . The handle is  soft plastic and you get  jitters. Not that this is supposed to be a handheld flycam; just expected a less flexible design. It would be perfect if it was black anodized aluminum. Too affordable to send back. I'll deal with it but lesson learned.<br /><br />update March 4 2012.<br />This week I used this device with a sony HC1. attached a rode vid mic to the shoe and fastened a varizoom rocker (LANC controller) to the handle just behind the shoe. I walked around with this a bit and found it pretty cool. The design is for the handle to be less rigid so that it absorbs some of the shock as you walk around. You still should roll your feet some and lock the elbow to get the most out of it. Its  not a flycam, glidecam or a real stabilizer,  but it does take a bit of the jerk and shake out of a walking shot.
B0014BY72Q|3.0|As a sci-fan, I can appreciate the story this film attempts to convey, but for me it is just too slow.
B003UYUP58|4.0|This is one of those books that makes you sigh with relief when you reach the final page. It is a dense read, filled to the brim with meticulously researched data, thankfully spun into a narrative that keeps you going. I am a nurse, though not experienced with cancer or cancer patients. I picked this up in hopes of getting a better picture of cancer as a disease and the effects that it has on patients. I was riveted by the few patient accounts, but was disappointed that the book felt more like a resume for cancer than an intimate interview. Overall, an exhaustive history of cancer that needed a more personal approach - perhaps a companion book written by the bedside nurses that the author worked alongside?  :)
B0067Q42BY|3.0|This game is a bit too easy. But the story mode is entertaining and the graphics are great. It is worth a try for some mindless entertainment.
B005ETANC2|5.0|I Love these old B rated SciFi movies.  This one is a classic and a must have at this great price.
B006M4RN3U|2.0|Even before their first album (2009's Aim and Ignite) was released, I knew that fun. was a special band. Nate, Jack, and Andrew lived up to their band's name, providing music fans with songs that were catchy and well-produced, yet surprisingly unique. No one song on the Aim and Ignite sounded like another, but still managed to form a cohesive collection.  With their new album, Some Nights, fun. made the questionable choice of bringing hip-hop producer Jeff Bhasker on board. Bhasker has notably written for artists such as Jay-Z and Kanye West...which unfortunately shows in his work on Some Nights. Rather than aiming for the charming uniqueness than garnered fun. so many fans, the band seemingly threw as many trendy pop conventions at the wall, and didn't wait around to see what stuck. Autotune mars Nate Ruess' normally powerful voice, which sings over loud, obnoxious electronic drums, which occasionally seek to emulate dub-step beats. A group of children provides backing vocals in several songs, which was cool when Pink Floyd did it, but has rarely seen subsequent success. Perhaps the most aurally offensive track on Some Nights is It Gets Better, which sounds like the Jonas Brothers trying to write a pop-punk song a la Blink 182.  It's alright for a band to evolve and adopt new sounds. However, the radical departure in sound isn't what bothers me about Some Nights. Rather, it bugs me that one of my favorite bands has released an album that so blatantly panders to pop radio, leaving its well-established fan base in the dust. Some Nights is overly-produced, and often repetitive (particularly One Foot, which repeats the same measure seemingly ad infinitum). There is nothing about this album that is fun, in any sense of the word.
B0050DIWFC|4.0|There's a wonderful, dreamy scene late in William Landay's courtroom thriller \\"Defending Jacob,\\" in which Andy Barber, his wife Laurie and their accused son Jacob are all lolling in the 14-year-old's bedroom musing about decamping as a family and sneaking off to faraway, exotic Buenos Aires to start a new life out of the spotlight and free of suspicion.<br /><br />Jacob asks, \\"Is that true, Dad? Lots of beautiful women in Buenos Aires?\\"<br /><br />\\"That's what I hear.\\"<br /><br />Laurie describes the South American city as a place of possibility where her son \\"will have children, and his children will have children and he'll bring so much happiness to so many people that no one will ever believe that once upon a time in America people said horrible things about him.\\"<br /><br />At this point in Jacob's first-degree murder trial it's evident to all three and to us that none of that is likely to happen, but still they can imagine and try to cope with an increasingly dark reality filled with dread and edging toward despair.<br /><br />Jacob has been charged with first-degree murder in the slaying of classmate Ben Rifkin, a bully. Jacob's father, an assistant DA until the indictment, is helping with his son's defense. He narrates the story, which is a suspenseful legal thriller that spirals into a harrowing story of family dissolution.<br /><br />Carefully plotted as any whodunit you've ever read, the theme takes on the same nature-versus-nurture argument as William March's provocative potboiler \\"The Bad Seed.\\" Unknown to Laurie, Andy is the son and grandson of violent murderers and the question becomes has Jacob too inherited a \\"Murder\\" gene, the \\"Barber Curse?\\" Suspicion becomes as corrosive as rust as family loyalty and love are tested beyond reasonable limits.<br /><br />A great deal of the enjoyment that comes from reading \\"Defending Jacob\\" is the pitch-perfect dialogue. Kids talk to each other and to adults just like the kids do in your house. When Andy articulates his life-long, adoring attachment to Laurie, the language is almost elegiac and in painful contrast to the harsh reality of their current relationship.<br /><br />Descriptions are vivid and memorable. Jacob, Landay says, has a way of keeping his answers short \\"as if every word was a stick of dynamite.\\" One soft-bodied character appears as if \\"His sides, belly, and tits all sagged against his black polo shirt, as if he had been poured and bagged up inside this black sack cinched shut at the neck.\\"<br /><br />\\"Defending Jacob\\" is in rare company as a courtroom drama that comes along very infrequently. Its most recent predecessor, to my mind, is \\"Presumed Innocent.\\" Both stories had a final twist that you think you're prepared for and still it comes out of nowhere. In a single short sentence and a few words everything changes. \\"Defending Jacob\\" is bold storytelling, compelling reading.<br />[4.5 stars]s his life-long, adoring attachment to Laurie, the language is almost elegiac and in painful contrast to the harsh reality of their current relationship.<br /><br />Descriptions are vivid and memorable. Jacob, Landay says, has a way of keeping his answers short \\"as if every word was a stick of dynamite.\\" One soft-bodied character appears as if \\"His sides, belly, and tits all sagged against his black polo shirt, as if he had been poured and bagged up inside this black sack cinched shut at the neck.\\"<br /><br />\\"Defending Jacob\\" is in rare company as a courtroom drama that comes along very infrequently. Its most recent predecessor, to my mind, is \\"Presumed Innocent.\\" Both stories had a final twist that you think you're prepared for and still it comes out of nowhere. In a single short sentence and a few words everything changes. \\"Defending Jacob\\" is bold storytelling, compelling reading.<br />[4.5 stars]
B004UHSB5A|4.0|If you're looking for a simple and fun head-to-head game of dominoes against a computer opponent this app is for you. Now if you're new to the game there are instructions; just hit the MENU button on your Android device (it's okay go ahead it's there to be used, you're device won't explode, at least I hope it doesn't) and you'll be able to find easy to understand rules and instructions. Now the one criticism I have is that the layout does make the pieces appear small. I'm not sure that the nature of the game would lend itself to a better solution however.
B001UV4XHY|4.0|AS WITH ALL HARRY POTTER FILMS SOME IT DRAG, SOME WAS EXCITING.  I THINK THE BOOKS WERE BETTER.  SOME OF THE THINGS THEY LEFT OUT OF THE OTHER MOVIES, SHOULD OF BE SHOWED.  BUT WITH THE THIS MOVIE, I DIDN'T SEE THAT.
B0073LWEXK|5.0|Great game with great screen shots. Played it on my Kindle Fire and couldn't put the game down! Very challenging but not too much. I did have to resort to using a hint once in a while, but that was because I was too lazy to figure it out on my own. Money well spent. Not too short like some of the other hidden object games.
140053271X|5.0|I was pretty doubtful about whether an ebook reader was worth it, but this nook surpassed my expectations. I love the simplicity, and the small size makes it perfect for travelling. The material its made of makes it stay in your hand well, and the features it has is just right for me - not to fancy, but not lacking either. My only complaint is the fact that you can't use the dictionary on pdf books, but I remedied that easily by using software on my computer to convert my pdfs into epub before putting them on the nook. All in all, this is the best purchase I've made in a while - definitely worth it!
B0073LWEXK|5.0|great game to play with kids - wish Fire Maple would make more! Great game play and the puzzles are interesting.
B004UHSB5A|1.0|The game would have been ok if it wasn't for the tiny tiles. You have to have 20/20 vision to play this game. I don't call straining eyes having fun. Amazon can keep this game, it's even cheaper then free.
B004UHSB5A|3.0|The app title and un-expanded summary do not lead one to think that this is limited to only one style of dominoes. I was excited by the idea of multiple game types, but this app doesn't offer that. I'd like it better if the app identified itself in the title as &quot;Straight Dominoes.&quot; Also, the way it handles off-screen tile placements could be improved. I'd like to see at least a small break in between tiles so it's more apparent that some dominoes are not being displayed.
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|Is it light weight and makes the fire confortable to hold, yet protects the Fire. Having nerve issues with my left hand, this comfort makes the Fire more usable in church when I am jumping from one Bible verse to another.
B001P9EQH8|5.0|This little device operates as advertised.  Well made, too.  I have windows 7 which has low headphone jack output.  This little amp remedies the problem with no noticeable distortion.  There is some hum if you are charging the unit while listening.  The gain on my headphones is now what I would expect.  There's even a loudness switch.
1594744769|5.0|I just finished reading \\"Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children\\"...and found it to be a wonderful read!  I had a hard time putting the book down.  The author's creative use of photos to enhance the story kept me captivated. There will be a sequel...can't wait for it!
0316017930|5.0|Outliers by Malcolm Gladwell, is an inspiring book about what makes someone an outlier. Most people think of successful people as being very intelligent and ambitious people. Gladwell's book shows that it is not just ambition and intelligence that got these outliers to where they are today. Everyone knows of the famous Bill Gates and his company called Microsoft, but does everyone know how he got there? It wasn't just because he smart. In fact, he wasn't even the only one who created Microsoft. The lives of outliers are people whose achievements fall outside normal experience. Did you know the Beatles are considered outliers? They didn't just wake up one day and become famous. They had to endure lots of hard work and extra hours. The outliers of the world are just beginning to be figured out. Outliers is fascinating to read about how they make the most of their human potential. Some outliers go unnoticed and some are famous, but it doesn't matter which you are because you know you're doing the most with your abilities. Gladwell quotes a line from an economist saying, \\"Outliers is a compelling read with an important message: by understanding better what makes people successful we should be able to produce more successful (and happy) people.\\" Outliers is a very knowledgeable book for any age group. Children and adults can learn about the different ways of being or becoming an outlier. Intelligence can only get you so far, as Christopher Langan probably feels. Being the smartest person in the world doesn't get you anywhere unless you do something about it. So if you find yourself looking for a good book to read or needing some inspiration, read Outliers by Malcolm Gladwell.
B005I6EVUG|4.0|This is a pretty cover. A bit costly, but I bought it anyways since it was reasonably priced compared to the designer brand I really wanted. Overall, I am NOT disappointed with the quality and the way it looks. I do however, wish that it had a closure mechanism (magnet or elastic)...This is the only thing that I would say is \\"wrong\\" with it. I certainly can live without it, but it sure would be nice if it had one. Took off one star just for that.  :)
B0073LWEXK|1.0|No instructions.  How do I know what to do?  And thank you.  I'm ln my late 50's and trying to teach myself how to play with new technology.  Can anyone tell me how to learn this type of game?
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|At first, we didn't know what all the hype was about until we played it. It is free (with ads) and free is awesome with or without ads. Super fun with lotsa replay value. My husband, mother and father in-law play it. So it's like a cheesy family affair, heh :P
B005SV9X22|5.0|The concert is fabulous! I loved it so much and Lady Gaga is a diva! Thank you and I'll purchase more dvds soon!
B0063GORYU|5.0|this game is a perfect quick break in the day and free is the perfect price for the game Good job
B0054JZC6E|4.0|good games!! so addictive keeps you up all night trying to past through to unlock more levels!! I would recommend
B006SV2LWA|3.0|Contagion is about a group of people who must deal with the spread and containment of a highly contagious disease. Based on that statement you could probably guess what might happen. Sick people, a search for the cure, and widespread panic. Contagion is exactly what you think it is. Not to say that's bad, but I was not surprised by anything I saw.  The disease starts in Hong Kong, from there it is carried by Gwyneth Paltrow back to the states where she and her son die within a day or so. Her husband Matt Damon, immune to the disease, is left to take care of himself and his daughter.  Meanwhile Laurence Fishburne, Kate Winslet, Marion Cotillard, and a few other major players are notified of numerous deaths happening around the world. The disease is spreading quickly, and the Center for Disease Control must find a vaccination and keep the public calm.  Jude Law a conspiracy blogger/journalist broke the story first. He questions if the CDC is really trying to help. He finds a medicine that he believes cures the disease, and spreads the word. As millions become affected chaos breaks out, road blocks are set up, and the people go nuts.  Soderbergh directed an all star cast. Scott Burns wrote a fairly smart script. The movie was well put together and entertaining enough, but nothing more than you'd expect. I wish Soderbergh would have gotten a little more experimental, maybe tinted the movie red or something like he did with Traffic. It seems like disease outbreak movies can go in one of two directions. An epidemic occurs and everyone turns into flesh eating zombies Aka 28 days later & I am Legend. Or an epidemic probably stemming from an animal becomes widespread, and the government works to contain the disease and the world seemingly goes insane Aka Outbreak.  I honestly felt like Contagion was too predictable and brought in tons of characters the movie couldn't devote enough time to explore. John Hawkes who I loved in Winter's Bone, plays a Janitor who shows up only once in each act of the movie, his character seemed compelling, but was pretty much wasted. The movie somewhat explored the idea that the government and CDC took care of their own before the average person. Hawkes character could have been used to show the struggles and desperation of a lower income individual taking care of his family during this epidemic.  Winslet and Cotillard were intriguing as well, but are never really explored. They came and went without us really knowing anything about them. I completely forgot about Cotillard until they mildly tie up her story near the end. I think this movie could have benefited from chopping off some of the extra meat. There were probably 7 or 8 main characters introduced, and only 2 or 3 were given the proper time to develop. Contagion tried to be this massive story about all these different people, but it just couldn't be done in 100 minutes.  For this movie to work, they were really gonna have to get us involved with these characters. So when they cry, we cry. When they are angry, we get angry, and so on. They basically just dumped on Matt Damon's character the whole movie, and by the end, sure I felt bad for him, but I wasn't really upset. His wife was cheating on him, he couldn't give his family a proper funeral, and he was stuck inside with no food protecting his daughter for months. I was more like, \\"jesus christ\\" cut this guy a break. You waited for some kind of reprieve, but what they gave him was pretty unsatisfying.  On the positive side, I always say if I can finish a movie in one sitting it was pretty good. And like I said the cast was impressive. Matt Damon is a great actor and he did what he could with the wiggle room he was given. He had two key emotional scenes, hearing his wife has died and dealing with it at the end, both were good. Jude Law probably had the best overall part. They flipped him around so rapidly, you're never really sure of his motives. He was probably my favorite character.  I really didlike contagion, it just didn't add anything to the genre. If you're going to make a movie on a topic that's already been explored, you have to find a unique way to tell the story. This movie just rang repetition in my ears, and it'll quickly be forgotten.
0143119680|2.0|Well, I had high hopes for this book, but unfortunately, it has really let me down. The way it starts off is down right confusing. The reader is thrust right into the story with no idea what is happening. I think the author means well, but is a bit pretentious, or else she has a very skewed sense of what is common knowledge and what information is considered higher education. I have a bachelors degree and I consider myself to be a fairly intelligent person, but I felt like an idiot reading this book. The author makes several references to Alchemy and some of the characters communicate in French at times as well, and unless you're familiar with it, you will be a little confused. I am currently on page 430, and it has taken me about a month to get that far. The only reason I'm still reading is that I never stop a book once I start it. I do not think that I will read any more books in the series. If you really want to read this book, I suggest that you have a basic knowledge in both Alchemy and the French language.
B00005JPS8|4.0|I have been very happy overall with Amazon.  However, on this particular item, the DVD Sleeve Cover, although nice, was not the one that is pictured on the Amazon page. The 2 disk edition is good, but I think if your going to picture what your selling--it should be that-and not another sleeve, or a written explanation of why another sleeve was substituted, or telling you that they would send you the sleeve pictured in a separate mailing. In this case they did not. The disks are great, and  I made my own sleeve cover, that depicts the original cover shown on the Amazon page. I probably would think twice about buying a another  DVD from this vendor contracted by Amazon.  This did not happen in my previous order on another DVD, but it was from a different contracted vendor.
0761169253|5.0|This book was truly inspiring. I read the whole thing almost twice the day I bought it. As a designer, this book definitely is full of plenty of ideas to spark creativity and motivation to enhance your work and become a better artist. What Kleon says in this book can apply to anyone in any situation, not just artists. It is full of an immense amount of quotes and stories that make you think, and others that will make you want to start working right away. I feel like i have improved as an artist and as a person since reading this book only a few days ago. Definitely a book for everyone and anyone.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is very addictive and entertaining for hours. this games brings out your competitive side when playing vs others. have fun
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I've tried so many different ways to keep organized and none compare to Evernote.  I keep finding new uses for it all the time.  It syncs effortlessly between my Mac, Pc, android and kindle fire.
159668139X|5.0|I love this book. I pull it out all the time for help and just to read. When asked by new weavers about what books to buy. This is on the top of the list.
B005MYEQ4U|5.0|This is a wonderful little film, a beutiful love affair with Paris of both today and a bygone era.  It's a pleasant and enchanting story about a modern day writer (Owen Wilson)who magically travels back in time to Paris in the 1920s where he meets famous writers and artists of the the time including Scott Fitzgerald, Hemingway, Picasso, and Gertrude Stein, and maybe where he falls in love.  The cinematography in sumptious and the attention to period detail amazing.  Do you need to know these writers and artists?  Not really.  If you know a little about how Hemingway writes, you'll appreciate how funny a character Woody Allen has created in his Hemingway.  Other than that, most of the historical people are window-dressing (although there's a really funny scene built around a meeting of surrealist artists including Adrian Brody as Salvadore Dali).  Humor is at times subtle and at other times broad.  Much of the broad humor comes from remarks about the writer (Wilson) made by Rachel McAdams as his fiancee, and by her mother -- but for me, the two female characters are so bitchy as to be obnoxious.  I think, for the sake of humor, Woody Allen erred in making the fiancee and her parents such stereotypes.  It is the only false note in an otherwise wonderful and lovely movie. For me, Midnight in Paris is worth owning as I expect to watch it many times over.
B006G2ZEV6|5.0|As a big fan of strategy games I was excited to find Anomaly for the Kindle.  This game delivers, big.
0307957934|5.0|This is my second attempt at reviewing The Fear Index. After finishing the book, I posted my thoughts on what a disappointing read it is, and I stand by that opinion. If you are expecting a Techno Thriller that will keep you reading all night, with bitchin' babes skilled in all twelve martial arts, with a cliffhanger in each chapter and sinister forces from the Vatican, you'll be sorely disappointed in this novel, because it's a slowwwww read. The book's second flaw is that once you figure out who the real killer is, there's no point in reading further, because it's more of the same, over-and-over. The killer's identity is absurdly conspicuous, yet other than the protagonist, none of the characters can figure out such an obvious thing, so they think the protagonist is Stark! Raving! Mad!  It's pretty annoying.<br /><br />Yet, on reflection, this is the only book that gets the future right, and the importance of that is profound. It's no spoiler when I reveal that the novel employs sci-fi plot #3 (there are only five different sci-fi plots): a super-advanced computer, a boon to all mankind, starts running amok. That much is obvious, because much of this book is simply people running up to the protagonist and saying, &#34;Something's wrong!&#34; and he replies, &#34;Not now, I'm too busy!&#34; &#34;But . . . but . . . Have you seen what VIXAL is doing?&#34; The point is made over and over, until you want to scream at the page, *OK! We get it! The furshlugginer algorithm's gone haywire!*<br /><br />The salient feature of this rendition of such a shopworn plot is that for the first time anywhere (to my knowledge) Robert Harris, to his everlasting credit, gets it right. The future will not be anthropomorphic. [[ASIN:0451457994 Arthur C. Clarke]] got it wrong. [[ASIN:0312863551 Robert A. Heinlein]] got it wrong. [[ASIN:0679601759 Freddy Nietzsche]] got it wrong. An anthropomorphic automaton with a character disorder is a nineteenth-century concept (the novel begins with a quote from Mary Shelley's [[ASIN:1936041111 Frankenstein]]), yet all the sci-fi geniuses have failed to realize such a simple fact.<br /><br />Perhaps they should be forgiven, because that is the primary defect of the human race. We cannot conceive of intelligence without [[ASIN:B00122KS6Q personality]], because our illusion of self, of personhood, is so strong that we cannot function without it. Each person's mental voice jabbering away inside one's head cannot be shut off, even in dreams. If it were to stop, you think you'd end, too. (The only solution to this defect in the design of humans is to master Transcendental Meditation, during which one silences all the internal jabber. As a result, one achieves enlightenment and realizes that the concept of an individual identity is an illusion -- or so I've heard it said. I have instead given in to baseness and compulsively write book reviews.)<br /><br />The word *person* comes from the Latin *persona,* meaning a mask worn in an ancient play, and only human beings depend on such a mask. If other intelligent forms of life are examined -- apes, parrots, cephalopods, urban raccoons -- we see that they have no persona, no identity, yet we are so bound to the concept of self, that we project personalities and names onto individual creatures who seem to have previously existed just fine without such human artifice. Likewise, it's obvious that if there is a God or gods, and if He is omniscient and omnipotent, He has no need of a personality or a language. (At least the Muslims are more enlightened then Christians, in that they have not assigned a personality or image to Allah.)<br /><br />Because humans cannot do without such personality-dependent attitudes, every sci-fi cyborg, robot or artificial intelligence has been anthropomorphic, usually a high-functioning autistic. But with this novel, it becomes obvious that once superior and independent intelligence is achieved, it will not need a personality or a cloying voice, nor will it need to speak to humans.  The Fear Index also demonstrates that since universal Darwinian principles yet apply, human beings may be regarded as cockroaches . . . or at best, beasts of burden and certainly disposable.  SETI is scanning the skies for a spaceman named Glorp or other anthropomorphic beings, but humans, shortsighted because of their masks, never seem to anticipate with accuracy. It may be, based on the events of [[ASIN:1611229596 May 6, 2010]], that the successor to humans as boss of the planet is already here. You are seated before one at this very moment (you are perhaps unaware that when you're not looking, they communicate silently with others of their kind), and you likely take better care of it than you do your own body.<br /><br />Thus, while I didn't especially enjoy The Fear Index as entertainment, it does raise a topic of orphic proportions that other authors have overlooked, and I, for one, welcome our new computer overlords.or will it need to speak to humans.  The Fear Index also demonstrates that since universal Darwinian principles yet apply, human beings may be regarded as cockroaches . . . or at best, beasts of burden and certainly disposable.  SETI is scanning the skies for a spaceman named Glorp or other anthropomorphic beings, but humans, shortsighted because of their masks, never seem to anticipate with accuracy. It may be, based on the events of [[ASIN:1611229596 May 6, 2010]], that the successor to humans as boss of the planet is already here. You are seated before one at this very moment (you are perhaps unaware that when you're not looking, they communicate silently with others of their kind), and you likely take better care of it than you do your own body.<br /><br />Thus, while I didn't especially enjoy The Fear Index as entertainment, it does raise a topic of orphic proportions that other authors have overlooked, and I, for one, welcome our new computer overlords.
0385534639|5.0|An atmospheric fantasy tale anchored by strong writing. The author has the rare gift of being able to describe something well without over describing it, letting the user's imagination fully engage. Slower pace than most other fiction for this audience, i.e. the Rick Riordan crowd might get bored, but it's a beautifully constructed story. My only criticisms are that the character development is only average and the story jumps around a bit timeline wise, which can be a little disorienting at first, but it comes together gracefully by the end. Overall, this is one of my favorite fiction/fantasy reads in quite some time.
0743420373|5.0|The Millionaire Next Door is basically a series of interviews and surveys of millionaires, covering how they became wealthy and how they manage their money. The results will likely surprise you. Most don't live like the wealthy characters on TV, or the rich folks who appeared on that old show \\"Lifestiles of the Rich and Famous\\". There is a lot of wisdom and useful information to be learned from how the successful view life, and try to stay at the top. This book is a wonderful antidote for anyone you know who is trying too hard to keep up with their friends or neighbors spending habits.
B0063GORYU|5.0|Very easy to use on my kindlefire.  Great color and choice of difficulty levels.  Hints are also very helpful. Does not crash like other games.  Highly recommend this app!
B004UHSB5A|4.0|Worked fine, Ai wasn't impossible to beat. Who cares if tiles you can't play on shrink a little? Read info to learn about scoring - that was new to me &amp; how you win.
B004VMUS9G|3.0|Its a little to quiet for me but if your a light sleeper you'll love it. PUT IT ON CHARGER AT NIGHT btw. I think if you have ALOT OF ROOM then BUY IT.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love how you can highlight what verses you think are important or would like to look into more. you can also pick from many different translations to make your reading either more modern and simpler to understand or more traditional.
B004UID2LC|1.0|not for phones no no no no no no no no no phone no gooood a b c d e
B006OFN0SE|3.0|The film was a love story. Unfortunately, it is not told in a linear manner, and at times one must guess as to the time a scene is occurring. It did show some of the pettiness of Hoover - requiring agents to dress in a certain manner, cut mustaches, etc. The earliest event shown is the bombing of Attorney General Palmer's home after WWI. Hoover is clearly anti-Bolshevik, and aids in the round-up of radicals for deportation. The film might have devoted more to the role of his bureau during Prohibition. The anti-gangster campaigns of the late 20s and 30s indicate how Hoover increases the power of his agency. However, more should have been shown how he vindictively sought to destroy agents who did more to capture the gangsters and yet were destroyed by Hoover out of jealousy. Nothing is shown of FDR's campaign against pro-German elements as WWII approached. All know that Japanese were rounded up and interned in the US, but so were German and Italian nationals. Was the FBI involved? I don't know, but possibly. Communists spies stealing atomic or other secrets is ignored in the film, as is the whole Cold War era. And to protect the US from subversion, the FBI researched to ferret out homosexuals from government jobs. Had Eastwood included this crusade, the movie would have had a certain irony.<br />Hoover's hostility to ML King is emphasized, but nothing about the surveillance of the Communist operative that led to the FBIs wiretapping King. The assassination of John Kennedy is passed quickly, with nothing about the FBI's role in investigating the killing. It is clear in the film that Hoover used files to blackmail President's, - Eleanor Roosevelt who had a close (lesbian) woman friend, JFK who romanced a beautiful East German gal (possible spy), etc. Hoover's blackmail files (without specifics) are used to threaten President Nixon to keep Hoover on the job.<br />Nothing in the film extends far beyond the generally accepted story. What did the FBI know about Lee Harvey Oswald, for example? Various agents have alleged Hoover knew much more, but Eastwood does not speculate on this issue. Did Hoover use the media to out suspected Communists during the Cold War? Was his relation to Sen. Joe McCarthy as condescending as the one-line in the film? Jim Marrs alleged that in the 1930s the Mafia had proof of Hoover's affection for his assistant Tolson, and the mob blackmailed Hoover so the FBI would ignore the Mafia. For whatever reason, Hoover did maintain that there was no organized crime in the US.<br />Instead, the film focuses on the love story of Hoover and Tolson, and the efforts of Hoover's mother to prevent him from being a daffodil. Happily, Eastwood did not have Hoover attending a party in a bright, red dress, as alleged by a woman with mob connections. But he does place Hoover in his mother's dress and beads. It seems clear that Hoover was gay, but there is little evidence that he was a cross-dresser.<br />For several decades Hoover was among the most powerful men in America. And for decades, he was accompanied by another man; all this in an era when homosexuality was deemed a crime and a pathology. At times, Hoover's FBI was charged with ridding the government of subversives and homosexuals. Yet, Hoover and Tolson were an item aat race tracks and restaurants. Communists hated Hoover and the FBI. I recall in the 1960s how a radical friend sneered that three leading anti-Communists, Cardinal Spellman of New York, Sen. Joe McCarthy, and J. Edgar Hoover were all homosexuals. (McCarthy had married, but a bit later in life). At the time I discounted the charge as simply an example of smearing political opponents (all sides do it). However, now I wonder.<br />This film \\"J. Edgar\\" is not a bad one. However, Hoover was far too powerful for so long and was so complex that this effort fails to do the subject justice. Eastwood's attempt might better be retitled, \\"J. Edgar Hoover: the Home Movie.\\"<br />There is another aspect to Hoover utterly neglected by the film. Under President Franklin Roosevelt, many Communists and others obtained jobs in the federal government. Some were spies. When some operatives turned, and told the FBI, Hoover believed them. He sought to alert other agencies that spies were in their employ. Under Roosevelt, it was clear, the government did not want to know about such matters. Hoover pressed on. A good bureaucrat often seeks to please his superiors. Hoover had the courage to continue to annoy them, warning them of the danger.<br />Similarly, when the Roosevelt government sought to return Soviet dissidents to our ally, the USSR (and probable death), Hoover intervened to save some.<br />Of course this is not in the movie. When does Hollywood ever criticize Franklin Roosevelt?. Under President Franklin Roosevelt, many Communists and others obtained jobs in the federal government. Some were spies. When some operatives turned, and told the FBI, Hoover believed them. He sought to alert other agencies that spies were in their employ. Under Roosevelt, it was clear, the government did not want to know about such matters. Hoover pressed on. A good bureaucrat often seeks to please his superiors. Hoover had the courage to continue to annoy them, warning them of the danger.  Similarly, when the Roosevelt government sought to return Soviet dissidents to our ally, the USSR (and probable death), Hoover intervened to save some.  Of course this is not in the movie. When does Hollywood ever criticize Franklin Roosevelt?
B004JZBGWI|5.0|I thought it was really useful cause I forget ALOT of stuff and this keeps me VERY ORGINIZED. great app to have I consider you should get it.
0553386794|5.0|Ser George R R Martin is, quite simply, a genius. Or perhaps a god among men. I haven't decided yet.<br />A Game of Thrones is surprising, shocking, exciting, heartrending, hilarious, enlightening, and most of all: addicting.<br />I could not put this book down and when I finished I read the sequel and then the third and now onto the forth. I am simply in awe of how breathtakingly awesome these books are.<br /><br />Even though there are a bajillion 5 star reviews up already, I wanted to add mine to the voice of thousands. This book is FANTASTIC. Read it.<br />Read. It.
B006KX3GXO|5.0|even the ads rock 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14. 15 16
B006ON41FC|2.0|I played this dam game for over a hour to collect enough nuts to get a helmet then after I bought it, I never cold even use it.
B003F5WOEC|5.0|I hadn't heard very many songs by the Black Keys before purchasing this LP, but I am very glad that I did. A two disc vinyl set with a poster and the digital copy for around $20 shipped is an amazing deal. Highly recommended
B006UG90RM|5.0|All I can say is there is no one on the planet that plays guitar like Edward Van Halen. His quirky musical sense. His mastery of rhythmic time, his un-duplicatable feel is a God given gift. I just hope we don't have to wait another 15+ years for another record. It is great to see Eddie back, looking healthy and playing great.
0321701763|5.0|The item was shipped to me extremely fast and the book was of good quality as stated in sellers description
B0063GORYU|5.0|This game is able to be played as just a time killer, but it can be challenging enough to keep you playing happily for hours.
B0062NAX1U|5.0|A must see movie.  If you haven't viewed it, you don't know what your missing.  A message of hope rises to the screen in these uncertain times.  Loved it.  Seen it several times. Bought several copies and gave them away.
B007B8GI28|4.0|I still love this show, very much. I was not that impressed with this episode though. I start thinking about the previous season so much as this season progresses. I loved that they were on the road before. I suppose what worries me is that they are never going to leave that farm. The way that the episodes end seem to be straying away from how they did before. Things just seem to be slowing down a little more. I was glad that there was a little more action in this episode, but for some reason it feels like something is missing. It almost feels like the show is dragging its feet. It seems to be just the drama around Shane and Lori. It does make me wonder what will happen with his character though. I hope that he doesn't leave the show. I'll still be tuning in, but I'm hoping that things pick up. It is starting to remind me of that Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles. That show started off strong and kept going, but eventually, it just became more and more dialogue and started falling apart. I'm not comparing every aspect of both shows, just merely drawing a very broad comparison with my tentative feelings. I really enjoy The Walking Dead, so much, and I hope that it never leaves the air, but maybe the episodes should be twice what they are now so that if feels like more is being done or that more gets done.
B004UHSB5A|3.0|Yeah, I could look up gameplay, but no in-game instructions is just sloppy, not to mention that you have to guess that tiles autorotate for you.
B005OOSPZO|2.0|The blu ray is underwhelming to say the least.  It is no improvement over DVD played with upscaling.  Grain...lots of it as if you are looking through constant haze.  Poorly placed subtitles ruin the picture.  Pass on this blu ray.
B0072OFOM6|3.0|When I learned Andy Whitfield died I initially thought this series was doomed. To my surprise, the second season \\"God's of the Arena\\" was great! almost as good as the first season. I was really looking forward to Vengence cause the writing of the second season was very cleaver. I don't think writing can save this show. I realized the reason season2 was so good was because of Quintes Batiatus. He's gone now, and the new Spartacus is not fit for the role. Even Crixus has \\"dumbed down\\" to his level. Physically the new Spartacus doesn't look like he can win against any slave in his entourage. He's just not believable. They even had to change Neavia. I would have much rather prefered they let Spartacus die and let the series focus around Crixus and Ganacus. It's just ok
B004UHSB5A|1.0|The pieces are way too small. I had a really hard time moving the pieces to play. I just gave up trying. It may work better with a stylus. I'm a woman with normal-sized hands. I can't imagine how cumbersome it would be for a man to play this game. I was really excited about this free app. : (
B006X9EUUS|5.0|I passed over the NPR First Listen of this album thinking why listen to a crazy person based on press reports.  Stupid me.  As a regular viewer of Graham Norton, I was \\"forced\\" to sit through her singing a song from this album \\"The Wolf Is Getting Married\\". I publicly apologize to Sinead for my ignorance.  Sinead you are a genius and a true gem on this earth.
0393316041|1.0|I had wanted to read this book for so long. I finally read it.  Ouch---so utterly boring!  He is not the Bill Cosby of the Science world as I had thought. In fact, there isn't a quark of humor in Mr. Feymnman's entire body.  I was expecting clever insights, timeless anecdotes, and/or intelligent depth. I got absolutely none of this. Don't be fooled by the recommendations.  Do yourself a favor and read the first chapter or something to see for yourself.  But this book is so terribly flat!  It felt like I was reading a grocery list.  It felt like reading a 11-year old's dairy about when he went to science camp and met people that liked him.  It read something like this for example: I like puzzles. I have always liked puzzles. Once I looked at some Mayan calendars.  They are neat.  I also like playing bongos.  Once, some cool people asked me to play cow bell at their party. They really liked it.  It was awesome.  BORING!!!!  He talks about how he learned to draw, play bongos, learns some boring tricks to open safes, hides a door from someone, and thinks it's funny to leave his tip under a cup full of water.  It is so dated yet I can't believe that anyone found this interesting or funny even 30 years ago.  The book feels like a daily journal where someone is writing everything down to help him remember what he did that day.  There are no delightful connections...just flat mater of fact events.  Yes he is smart, sure, but as far as a storyteller? I'd rather get waterboarded!! Snore!!!!!!!!
B0067Q42BY|4.0|i have this and mahjong shuffle and of the two this is better. its easy to learn if you dont already know how to play
B0067Q42BY|5.0|so far so good.  relaxing in the way that only mah jong tile matching games can do.  its playable and easy to see the tiles, at least on my tablet.
B0067Q42BY|5.0|It is a very good game. True, there are ads in the beginning, and a forced tutorial, but as it was stated before, easily overlooked. Good graphics and soothing music.
B005KLN056|5.0|I ORDERED THIS BLU-RAY FROM AMAZON.UK, AND IT WAS WORTH THE WAIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  THIS BLU-RAY IS BEYOND AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! PLAYS IN MY VIZIO BLU-RAY PLAYER WITH OUT ANY FLAWS!!!!!!!!!!!!  IF YOU ARE A SLASH, ALTER BRIDGE OR A ROCK FAN IN GENERAL THIS IS A MUST HAVE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B0054JZC6E|3.0|it is pretty good app for games but some levels are really easy but other levels are impossible good random game app
B0054JZC6E|5.0|some are puzzling and additive cant stop playing the games to keep unlocking more games. a large selection of different kinds of games to play
0547791097|4.0|I read Drive after seeing the film by the same name. The book differs in many areas of the film, which makes it hard to compare. As a book, James Sallis creates an intriguing character we get to know through flashbacks and quick chapters. I like the snippets of character, the brush strokes of a man only known as \\"Driver.\\" Mr. Sallis writes with dead-on brevity and gives us only enough information to open the door a crack. I love how he writes, it's just as mysterious as the character. There are times, however, where I find it confusing to tell who is speaking. Eliminating all \\"Driver saids\\" in a sequence of ten lines makes it necessary to count evens and odds to differentiate each character. But I get what Sallis is going for with his prose, and he is a master at it. Overall, a great character study leading to a great film! -Jonathan Sturak 02/22/2012
B005Y1B3Q0|5.0|Great action flick with lots of big name stars.  Good story line as well, which we all know isn't typical for these types of movies.
B0055SWM08|5.0|I purchased both quell and quell reflect and all I can say is when or where can I get more games from you these 2 are the best I have played in a long time,  I want more
B003R0MF1W|5.0|I just finished the third season of the Mentallist and I enjoyed it very much.  I ordered seasons 1 - 4, but haven't received the fourth season yet.  When will it be available?  Simon Baker and the rest of the cast are perfect for their performances.  Robin Tunney looks so familiar, was she a child star? I love the electricity between Wayne and Grace.  Agent Kimball is such a cool dude!
0385534639|4.0|Marvelously written, The Night Circus is a gem. The author draws you into a magical setting with a variety of beautifully interwoven characters. I really enjoyed reading this book and look forward to the next by Morgenstern.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I think this is a great compendium of games. My children love them &amp; it's a great way for them to use hand/eye co-ordination
B0054JZC6E|5.0|It says that we get a lot of free points if we rate this app andi have not tried this ap yet.I am trying hard to come up with the twenty required words.
B003616M3O|5.0|This is one of M.K. greatest CD's ever.  I listen to it in very heavy rotation.  Every library should have one.
B005K2YZ5E|5.0|High quality sleeve for the kindle. Fits snugly with just enough padding to keep the kindle safe without too much bulk.  Velcro closure works well. Color of cloth is vivid. Nice classy look.
B004I744AS|5.0|This is a wonderful dictionary with simple layout easy to use and navigate, it even has multiple languages and additional information such as weather and historical tid bits, and the best of all is that it is free. I highly recommend this dictionary even for English language learners, as you can hear the words pronounced and how it is used in sentences while learning ruthe meaning of the word. The word games are also a very nice feature.
B0067Q42BY|5.0|This game is fun. Can be very addicting. Hours of fun! It actually works unlike most games. Worth the money!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love this game it is awesome I got it a few weeks ago and ihave been playing it nonstop
B004LOMB2Q|4.0|this app is great, the only thing that could be improved is the ability to see your notes off line with out paying a fee
B0034K2DM6|4.0|I read the WWZ book about a year ago and was pleasantly surprised. After reading apocalyptic stories my whole life, I found Brooks' work refreshing. Contrary to some reviewers, the intertwining story line is present and does noticeably progress through the book. While the characters individual stories in each \\"interview\\" do not directly relate to each other, they do form an cohesive unit which tells the big picture story quite well.<br /><br />I recently checked out the audiobook from the local library and highly recommend listening to it. There is a cast of voice talent that is both impressive and engaging allowing one to become immersed in the content of the book's story. It is very well done but it is abridged so you will miss out on a couple of the interviews.  While I am sure everyone has their favorites, I felt at least two missing interviews should have been included. But at roughly 6 hours of content, it was worth the time.<br /><br />I can't get too excited about the upcoming movie as from what I read, the producers are moving away from the post-war story line which is what made this book great in the first place. We'll see.
B0064NTZJO|5.0|\\"Drive\\" is brilliant! This is how the story goes: Driver is a Los Angeles wheelman for hire, stunt driving for movie productions by day and steering getaway vehicles for armed heists by night. Though a loner by nature, Driver can't help falling in love with his beautiful neighbor Irene, a vulnerable young mother dragged into a dangerous underworld by the return of her ex-convict husband Standard. After a heist intended to pay off Standard's protection money spins unpredictably out of control, Driver finds himself driving defense for the girl he loves, tailgated by a syndicate of deadly serious criminals. But when he realizes that the gangsters are after more than the bag of cash in his trunk - that they're coming straight for Irene and her son - Driver is forced to shift gears and go on offense.  The cast led by Ryan Gosling (as Driver) is brilliant. The directing by Nicolas Winding Refn is brilliant. The screenplay (based on James Sallis' novel) by Hossein Amini is brilliant.  The music by Cliff Martinez is brilliant. The cinematography by Newton Thomas Sigel is brilliant. The film editing by Mat Newman is brilliant. The casting by Mindy Marin is brilliant. The production design by Beth Mickle is brilliant. The art direction by Christopher Tandon is brilliant. The set decoration by Lisa K. Sessions is brilliant. The costume design by Erin Benach is brilliant.  This is a brilliant, slow-burn of a thriller that keeps you on the edge of your seat with your mind thinking and your heart racing. This is also well-made and well-crafted. Ryan Gosling gives a terrific, low-key performance as Driver and Albert Brooks is superb as Bernie Rose. This is also one of the best films of last year.
B001XRLWPQ|5.0|The new and refreshing relationship between a writer and a detective, makes the season a great challenge, the wise and clever view from the writer and the experience of the detective's labor makes a perfect match.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|This is a great app. I use this at work. It freaks my students out when the computer starts printing in an unoccupied office.
B0067Q42BY|5.0|this is not your basic mah-jong.  it keeps you interested with the comic style quest and story line. very fun
B0040UAYI4|3.0|I have to say that this device is not as goog as I thought it would be. I have the Smart Joy Frag for my PS2 and it's way better. I was expecting this device would deliver the same experience as the Samrt Joy, which is way more smooth.  I tried all the settings, it works okay, but it is still awkward. The best way to describe the feeling is as if you were applying a series of small thrusts to the directional. It gets smoother when you calibrate it, but far from perfect.  I'm using a microsoft standard wired optical mouse and keyboard that came in a bundle (Desktop 600). I also tryied a C3 tech 1600 DPI wireless mouse, but the mouse itself is crappy. I also have a wireless 1200 DPI Clone mouse and it works better than the C3, as a matter of fact, it works as well as the wired Microsoft one.  I also tryied the Microsoft Arc Keyboard and it's great. If you have an Eagle Eye device and are looking for a wireless and small keyboard to use along this is the choice.  Overal I'm satisfied with the adapter, I'm enjoying my FPS on PS3 much more than wile using a controller, but the experience is light years away from playing an FPS on the computer.  Is it worth the money? Yes, for me at least, because I'm not a hardcore FPS player.
0385344228|5.0|In a few words.....this was a brilliant, heart wrenching story of a family in tremendous crisis. Well written and very hard to put down. The ending sneaks up on you with a wallop.....Courtroom and Grand Jury scenes could only have been written by an attorney who really knows his way around the legal world. This book is so much better than any of Grisham's (and I've read them all.) One can only hope Landay keeps them coming. Bravo!
0316017930|5.0|Outliers by Malcolm Gladwell is truly an eye-opening take on how certain people have earned their success.  His overall message in this book is that if you work hard at whatever you want to do, you will get something out of it.  One example that he uses in this book is this 10,000-hour rule, which basically means that if your practice something for 10,000 hours, you will be great at what that is.  When he talks about this 10,000-hour rule, one example that he uses is about Bill Gates.  What made Gates what he is today is not just the environment that he was around, but the fact that he practiced programming computers, for well over 10,000 hours.  That in return has made him one of the richest men in the world.  Another example that he uses in this book is the take on how your I.Q. necessarily doesn't mean that you can be more or less successful, but that it just allows you to solve problems more effectively.  Chris Langen is an example of this that Gladwell uses.  He has an I.Q. of 195, which practically means that he is a genius.  Einstein had an I.Q. of 150.  Why he uses these two men as an example of this is that Einstein was more successful than Langen because he could still solve problems, and think for himself, which allowed him to be more successful, so it doesn't necessarily mean that Langen is more successful based on his I.Q.  Gladwell really brought together great information in creating this book.  He created this book not just as a self-help book, but also as a community help book as he states in the book.  This book is truly a must read if you are interested in how to find success in your life.
B004Y1USV2|3.0|I wanted to love this CD so much but besides the title track suite I find myself getting more bored with it each time I listen to it.  Benoit does a great job singing but the songs seem very watered down and its just plain boring after a few listens.  The best part is the production value which is outstanding (Trevor Horn).  I went to see Yes last year on their \\"Fly From Here Tour\\" expecting to hear some of these new tracks (my hope was that if I heard them live I would enjoy them more) but all they played was an abridged version of the title track and then it was right back to All Good People and Starship Trooper which of course we have all heard about a billion times.  Oh well, any Yes is better than no Yes.
B003O86FMW|1.0|this book has a terribale story line and i thought both books were at least ten times better than this book
B0073LWEXK|5.0|This was a fantastic game.  I let my daughter play along and she loved it.  Can't wait for the next. afire Maple game.
B0059H05VI|5.0|I've been a fan of pop music for years, but just kind of dropped out when hip hop started to take over. But this album is good old-fashioned bubble gum pop at it's best. Short songs. Melodies that stick with you. Fun lyrics. I've really enjoyed having this music on in the background while working. Looking forward to working out with it. Adam Levine is an appealing figure. Saw him on The Voice. Turns out his Dad rides bikes with my brother-in-law on weekends. So it's got that going for it.
B006ON41FC|5.0|Very fun and entertaining. Helps on a really long car trip when you are not driving. Very easy to play.
B005K17RU0|3.0|I liked this a lot but it keeps growing in size and can't be moved to sd card. Uninstalled when I ran out of room.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I really like this game it is really good. it does have somme dumb games but I love it. I really do.
1433502410|5.0|The language seems to flow better than some versions, yet maintains an adherence to the original text.  My favorite version so far.<br /><br />A critical review of the ESV:<br /><br />\\"As modern versions go, the ESV should be counted as one of the best for use in teaching ministry. It is more literal than the NIV, and so it is largely free of the problems that come with the use of so-called \\"dynamic equivalence\\" versions; but it is not so severely literal that ordinary readers will struggle to understand it. Its English recalls the classic diction of the KJV, and so it has some literary power (this is not unimportant in a Bible version). Its handling of the Old Testament is agreeable to conservative principles of interpretation. As a revision of the RSV, it is much better than the NRSV in several ways. However, there are some weaknesses in it. We have noticed the bad influence of the NIV in several places. So, for close study the ESV is less suitable than the NASB or NKJV. These latter versions, despite their difficulties and obscurities, continue to be the most useful for detailed and careful study.\\"<br />-Michael Marlowe<br />December 2007
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|Great cover. I got this for Christmas and I've dropped it many times. And the outcome - no scratches on the cover or on the screen. I've dropped it from about 5 feet and it's still in great shape! Nothing has changed and it really is like new. The cover even laughs at water.
B005V2EVBQ|4.0|I have had my cover for a few months now and it does exactly as I wanted it to do.  It is very light weight, easy to get the Kindle in and out of, does a great job protecting it. It seems to be very durable and is very easy to use. The only thing that could be a bit better is the stand.  It works fine, but can fall over if not on something stable. I don't use the stand all that much.  As long as it is sitting on a table or something, it is fine. It doesn't work that well on my lap. I have read the more you use the stand, the better it gets.  Too stiff when you first get it.  I use my Kindle in the vertical position a lot anyway, and you can't use the stand in that position. A kick stand would work better than folding the flap. Overall, i am very happy with this product.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Best solitaire game ever.  Love the winning hand feature the most.  The ease of play is tops.  The cute reward for a win the swirling cards is so outrages.
0321344758|5.0|This is a must read for anyone in the visual communications industry. The points made in the book are applicable to all sorts of design, not just web sites.
B007BDK3SS|4.0|definitely a fun game to play.  takes an effort to pass the higher levels.  my 5 year old loves it.
B004XJRQUQ|4.0|The content of these books are great!  Alot of other reviewers have mentioned the font size being inconsistent, which I experienced as well.  The most irritating thing about this book for me was it kept disappearing!!  I would take a break from reading my Kindle Fire and come back to find the book wasn't downloaded anymore.  It still showed the book was there but with the downward arrow (download) button.  I live 20 minutes from any wifi connection so I had to drive to town to download it again.  Ironically, it had saved my page each time.  I also experienced missing pages.  I eventually figured out if I tilted my Kindle horizontal it changed the size of the page and essentially made the missing page appear.  Then I could tilt it back to vertical...which I prefer.  Again...very good book that could be better if you weren't so annoyed with it's bugs.  If it weren't for the bugs I would certainly give it 5 stars.
B006OOHYIC|5.0|My 6 year old son loved this game!  He said it was easy to learn.  He personally said he recommends this game.
0547258305|3.0|I could point out so many things that just weren't right about this book: the constant sentence fragments and too-casual writing style; the overly precocious (and therefore unrealistic) child character; the contrived information dumps; the plot holes; the animal abuse; the irritating main character...  But for all of that, the book was strangely addictive and kept me reading until the very end.<br /><br />I'll probably seek out the sequels, even though I wasn't blown away by this book.  I'd like to see what else the author can do with the world she's built.
0486237664|5.0|It is really a significant book for illustrators, for collectors and for everybody who loves the art of engraving.  There are almost all kinds of animals in the book with a good selection of nice detailed drawings/illustrations.  I bought a \\"Used:Very Good\\" book. And it looks quite very well.
B00013YQEW|5.0|Imagine this: a country is run by a totalitarian government, which occasionally selects groups of teenagers to methodically kill each other. On TV. Until only one remains.<br /><br />\\"The Hunger Games\\"? No, actually it's \\"Battle Royale,\\" a bloody and harrowing movie that came out several years earlier, depicting an alternate Japan where the youth are forced to kill each other. It's one of those movies that is strangely fascinating and filled with social commentary, with brilliant performances from pretty much everyone concerned.<br /><br />A class of high-schoolers are being transported on a bus, when they are gassed to unconsciousness. When they awake, they have electronic collars around their necks. A former teacher named Kitano explains that they have been chosen for the B.R. (\\"Battle Royale\\") Act, wherein teenagers are forced to fight each other to the death until only one is left standing.<br /><br />If you don't play, try to escape, refuse to kill or stray into a \\"death zone,\\" the collars explode. Each teenager is given food, water and a random item, and are set loose on a remote island.<br /><br />It doesn't take long for them to fall prey to suicide, paranoia, bombs and one student's brilliant efforts to hack the system. As the teens slowly weed each other out, Shuya Nanahara and his girlfriend Noriko try to find a way out that doesn't involve death. But if they refuse to kill, then they must escape the fascist nightmare... which no one has done before.<br /><br />\\"Battle Royale\\" (both the novel and the movie) was condemned in Japan for being so violent, and having a bunch of normal high schoolers killing each other off. But \\"Battle Royale\\" would have been striking even if it hadn't been publicized like that -- not only is it viscerally fascinating, but it asks the question straight-out: how much will people do to survive? Who would you kill to live?<br /><br />It also seems to be a story about how governments will oppress innocent people in response to the brutality of a few. However, the movie avoids any outright preaching -- instead it uncoils a tense plot, peppered with bursts of bloody violence, sexual assault and murder. There's a wild, frenetic energy to the story, and director Kinji Fukasaku unleashes it through every cold, bloodspattered scene.<br /><br />Fun trivia: Fukasaku actually lived through something almost as cold-blooded during World War II, when he saw children having to hide from bombs under EACH OTHER. The survivors had to clear away the corpses.<br /><br />Tatsuya Fujiwara and Aki Maeda really give outstanding performances in this story as nice, normal, everyday kids like the ones who live down the street, but suddenly they're faced with their friends and classmates... wanting to kill them. Takeshi Kitano gives a bloodcurdlingly creepy performance as Kitano, who is nevertheless given plenty of fleshing-out (such as a fondness for one of the students).<br /><br />Violent, creepy and wonderfully atmospheric, \\"Battle Royale\\" is a brilliant cult movie that takes a look at how far people will go to stay alive. Absolutely brilliant.reaching -- instead it uncoils a tense plot, peppered with bursts of bloody violence, sexual assault and murder. There's a wild, frenetic energy to the story, and director Kinji Fukasaku unleashes it through every cold, bloodspattered scene.  Fun trivia: Fukasaku actually lived through something almost as cold-blooded during World War II, when he saw children having to hide from bombs under EACH OTHER. The survivors had to clear away the corpses.  Tatsuya Fujiwara and Aki Maeda really give outstanding performances in this story as nice, normal, everyday kids like the ones who live down the street, but suddenly they're faced with their friends and classmates... wanting to kill them. Takeshi Kitano gives a bloodcurdlingly creepy performance as Kitano, who is nevertheless given plenty of fleshing-out (such as a fondness for one of the students).  Violent, creepy and wonderfully atmospheric, \\"Battle Royale\\" is a brilliant cult movie that takes a look at how far people will go to stay alive. Absolutely brilliant.
B0063IH60K|5.0|addictive just like this age old classic always has been. I taught my little one how to play and now she loves it too. soooo easy to use. :)
B004EPZ084|5.0|This movie is hilarious.  And this purchase was great. Was new and great quality.  Gave as a gift and gift receiver was satisfied with this movie
B0054JZC6E|5.0|best app you can down have if you're into playing games all day long. you need to download this app. right now.
B00005N6KG|2.0|These headphones feel very cheap and flimsy. The sound quality is great with a good low end (bass), and they are certainly more durable than they feel. But they are cheaply made and will not last. The left earphone became temperamental and eventually stopped working altogether. I believe this is due to the wiring not being securely attached - it is probably cheaply soldered with no other support.  The most frustrating thing is that the warranty is for 90 days and this is how long mine lasted. A replacement pair would probably break also. Don't be tempted by the price like i was - put the money towards something of better quality.
B005T87QCI|5.0|how come on a ipod touch and a iphone can get Zeus,atom,twin city's,and a other dude but you cant buy them on kindle fire but i even tried to update it but there is no update available
B006ON41FC|1.0|it closes on me and i don't even start the game...oh yeah...u don't even have to have open feint cuz u don't have to get an account!!!!!
B006IGZWB2|5.0|I read this book on my Kindle. I live under a rock because I didn't know it was made into a movie. I just rented it with Prime Instant Videos. I cried and I laughed. Some characters were just as I pictured. Skeeter, Emma Stone, is very much more attractive than the book made her out to be. I'm glad I read the book first because the movie had so much more meaning and detail, as is mostly the case when a book is made into a movie. This movie is great insight into what it was like.  A piece of history everyone should watch. You can't help but love all Aibileen, Minny, Skeeter and May Mobley.  This is a movie to own, not just to rent. This movie is a must watch.
B006ON41FC|5.0|I have thoroughly enjoyed this app! I only tried it because it was a &quot;Free App of the Day&quot; ... I have had a Super Fun time playing it!
B004GUSG4M|4.0|As I read \\"Before I Go to Sleep,\\" I kept wondering if SJ Watson was a man. There were little details in what the main character did which made me think this. No woman (that I know) would sit down naked on a stair, for example. I finally did a google on SJ Watson & yes, he's a man.  However, the observations of someone coming out of sleep into completely unfamiliar surroundings was fascinating. The twist in plot at the end was shocking. I really liked this book. But SJ should consult a woman next time for the little details.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love loge kc Dniren Jfk ru fuun J's Dna fish dos sh udder eek office's fie fur diem dusk N'djamena Xmas snake
B006OV7S1I|5.0|this is how they enslave you. they tell you that no one has ever understood you, that you are a special butterfly. they tell you your new family knows the real you, and that they will always be there for you. the freedom you've known your whole life has been keeping you down, see, so you must relinquish everything that defines you to become part of something greater. once the work is done, you and the group will be self-sufficient, and you can tend your garden for eternity. it is all, of course, a lie. but by the time you see the lie, see the deception, you don't know anything else but communism. i chortled at the negative review from the san francisco chronicle because it was so predictable - the brainwash machine has been exposed in this film! please watch this as the great movie it is, the fantastic acting from the (super hot) star, but also as a cautionary tale.
B0071QIN00|5.0|I saw that my sister had it on her kindle and I played it.. it was sick so I had to get it and it was honestly a good game I had fun playing it super steasy
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This Bible app is AMAZING!!!! I've never been more able and more willing to learn scripture and Gods promises. This app makes daily reading not only enjoyable but understandable. With all the different structured reading plans my family and I are able to have REAL Bible study time.
B005T87QCI|5.0|this game is really cool and you should get it. especially if you like the movie. if you don't like.the movie you will still love this game
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I think this app is pretty good. Me and my freinds think its really fun. I'm glad I got this app. Thank You for making it.
B0077X9DRO|5.0|REASONS TO PURCHACE THIS CD 1, HARDLY NO YMCM CREW ON THE CD, 2. MATURITY OF TYGA, 3 GOOD PRODUCTION  REASON NO TO BUY IT UMMMM WELL AMAZON NOT RELEASING THE CD FORMAT TIL NEXT WEEK CAUSE A MLK CLEARANCE ISSUE , BUT THIS INDEF A CLASSIC IM 29 IN THIS CLOSE TO THE CHRONIC FROM DR. DRE
1401917186|5.0|I enjoyed this book immensely and it answered many questions I have had about myself since I was a child!  It appears I don't fit the traditional mold, but that is fine with me.  It is fun to be unique!
B005POK858|5.0|good game. typical turn based RPG. runs well. OK graphics. enjoyed beating it. only took 6 hours of gameplay, so its not too long.
0525478817|5.0|I couldn't wait to read this book. After John read the first two chapters online, I couldn't wait to read chapter three. Once I started reading I didn't put this book down until four hours later. It was an amazing read! I can't believe how attached I grew towards Hazel and Augustus. I can't recommend this book enough!
B005D81W5Q|1.0|This could possibly be the worst movie ever made. Well, it's a close tie between this and the movie with Adam Sandler playing Satan's offspring, \\"Little Nicky.\\" Double UGH! The only 2 movies I've ever walked out of. Please! Save your $!!!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is one of the best games I have on my kindle I mean it is the best its so cool.
0439023513|3.0|Mockingjay, in my opinion, was the most different of the three books. It had a lot of twists and surprises that I didn't see coming; even though surprises are usually enjoyable, some of the surprises I didn't really like. It also seemed as if this book was more violent than the others. Obviously, there is going to be violence, hence the purpose of the Hunger Games, but the book seemed to have way more violence than the other books. Instead of trying to get revenge on the Capital, it was more like war against the Capital. I understand why there was a need for a \\"war,\\" but I just didn't really enjoy how war-like this book was. One the big things I didn't like either was how bad Katniss and her life ended up. I was hoping she would end up better and her life a little happier than that; I wasn't expecting a complete happiness though. It just seemed as if she was just holding on by a thread. Although, I didn't like parts of the book, there were parts that I really liked. The biggest thing I liked the most was who Katniss ended up with! One surprise I enjoyed was who Katniss killed, I never liked that person anyways. Overall, I enjoyed reading Mockinjay along with Catching Fire and The Hunger Games, and anyone who hasn't read these novels yet, should!  (P.S.- If you plan on reading the books, I would read them as soon as possible because the movie is coming out March 23!)
0743487486|3.0|I initially gave this book 5 stars and a glowing review, and I am still grateful for having read it.  Kohn's stance against punitive consequences and fluffy, non-specific praise are valuable.  However, over time I've found that we need more.  Howard Glasser's work has proven much more workable in our home.  Like Kohn, he is against punitive consequences.  But he strongly advocates clear, specific praise that shows children how they are already succeeding, thereby tending the fires of their own greatness.  He balances this with a very strong system of consequences that while mild, provide clear, consistent, and immediate feedback.  He has had great success with even the toughest of behavioral issues, bringing many, many kids back from the verge of self-destruction.  But he works with all kids and emphasizes that all kids flourish with this approach - it's just that the tough kids demand something different.  Ross Greene's \\"Explosive Child\\" is also exceptional - and it's applicable to all kids (and perhaps all relationships).
B006ON41FC|5.0|This is an awesome game.Works well on kindle fire, great graphics.Very fun.MUST GET!Worth $0.99.The best game ever.You should try it.
B001HN6922|5.0|I don't know what are those lots of low ratings about but I think it's funnier than the first one. I hope there will be 'Cars 3'.
B0060FXBNM|5.0|These movies are fun to watch. I have never been a \\"transformer\\" person but I knew enough about them to enjoy the films. At first, I wasn't sure about the \\"new\\" girlfriend in the third movie, but it worked.  I love BumbleBee.  and it was cool to have the voice of Mr. Spock, Leonard Nimoy, in the 3rd movie.  Plus Josh Duhamel is easy on the eyes and plays a great hero.  People may trash these movies, but I say to them...just enjoy the story...for Pete's sake...it is a made-up story about alien robots from another planet...get over the nit-picking and just have fun.
0743277708|5.0|I'm not a native English speaker and found the English difficult from time to time but WHAT A GREAT BOOK! One of the best books I've ever read!  I had seen the movie first as a child and found the story very touching and even creepy at times.  Although about rabbits, the story is very mature and extremely well structured. The perfect rhythm, the perfect characteristics, I couldn't praise it enough!
B006UG90RM|5.0|At first it was interesting.  Then I was humming along.  After 3 weeks I just love this album.  Easily the album of the year in 2012.  Stay Frosty
B0067Q42BY|5.0|this game is so fun. well worth paying for. passes the time.  works real good on amazon fire. I would recommend this game to everyone.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I am so thankful for this app. Free versions of the Bible and I've really enjoyed the 2 studies that I have completed so far. Excellent resource for daily study in God's Word.
0312641893|4.0|I ended up reading this book in 1 day (I literally could not put it down) but, because this was a retelling of a fairy tale, I called the ending (of course). I took a star off for the predictability of the storyline, but we've all known the story of Cinderella since we were all little kids. I could see Kaylee Frye being the inspiration for Cinder and the Firefly Universe being the inspiration for New Beijing, since the author admits she's a big fan of Sailor Moon and Firefly.<br /><br />Spoilers on my blog: [....]<br /><br />I can't believe I read an entire book in 1 day (oh wow), but I think this one was worth it. Most definitely. Any 4 to 5 star book is!
B006DRVFRQ|5.0|I am new to Android with Kindle Fire. This is the best way to read Google reader on PC, iPhone or iPad. Hey team, anymore Google apps up your sleeve?
B0062NAX1U|5.0|This movie was the best I have seen so far. A true christian based movie with a message for everyone.Great Movie
B005TZFZ9W|5.0|I really like this album, I've been playing it non-stop all day. If your a YMCMB Fan I recommend that you cop this. DOPE!
B0067Q42BY|5.0|I enjoy playing, it is bright, and the story keeps you interested in the mystery.  My kids love it too.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|there are so many games to choose from!!! You can pick the easy ones for points or the harder ones to challenge your brain, which is good for memory!!! you really cant get bored with this one because there's too much to do!!!
B006ON41FC|3.0|Its an ok app kinda fun I guess. Its good for a time burner if you have nothing else o
B0054JZC6E|4.0|passes time and makes you want to compete your best. love the variety. only downed is that it lags on the.kindle fire
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love 101 in games it is so fun and fun to play with hard games and easy ones u should get this app now for free
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I was a little skeptical about this app, but once I received it, I truly love it. It is so easy to use. I love being able to hear it read to me also, when I'm too tired to read, but just want to listen!
B0050BPIB0|5.0|I'm loving this CD! Pablo Alborn is such an interesting and unique artist! I get goose bumps every time I hear him sing. I strongly recommend purchasing this album.
B0063IH60K|5.0|been playing a few days. works great. like the various options for play and card Colorado and such. fun game!
B0058WFO1K|4.0|It's a good job of Steven Wilson, but not the best. Perhaps there is the idea of repetition and this is worrying. The album features the idea of cloud, psychedelic and mysterious sounds. The CD \\"Insurgentes\\" characterize as better than this for anyone who does not know the solo work of this great singer, producer, composer. Very good!
B006M4RN3U|5.0|fun is an amazing talented band who deserve so much more recognition! This album is a clear progression from their previous album which was also very well done. I definitely think this band will be going places! Have tickets to see them and very excited for the show.
0393307050|2.0|I bought this book as part of a Guy's Book Club.  Other Guy's in the book club had read this book and really liked it.  Obviously, this whole series has a huge following and, of course, there's the Russell Crowe movie.  For me, though, I couldn't get past all the dialect and authenticity.  I couldn't get into the flow of the narrative and I only just barely followed the plot line. So after about 100 pages, I put it down.  People who like this type of book will love it but if you're thinking of reading it because all your friends loved it and the movie was cool, you might be in for more than you bargained for.
B0009P5YXO|4.0|As a kid, I dressed up as the 4th Doctor and had to use a mechanical pencil as the Sonic Screwdriver. Now, as an adult dressing up for parties as the 10th Doctor, I can have a much more believable prop!  Of course, as many of the other reviews have noted, the construction of this product is somewhat flimsy for what the price should afford, and the pen nibs don't connect very securely. But by far the biggest disappointment is that it doesn't really take out screws, unlock doors, or take readings for alien life forms:) Guess we can't have everything.  That being said, it is a lot of fun to play with and to use it to write secret messages to my wife and sons. The sound and light are great bonuses.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I really like this game its fun. Its not like any other games ive played I think its fantastically fun.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Fun game. Easy to manuver around the game. I like the hint button it makes it easier to tell if there are any moved left to do.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I love this game. this game can become very addicting and I always find myself wanting to play it more
B0063IH60K|4.0|It's a good app. I use it as a time waster. You can change the background and stuff which is kind of cool. Otherwise, it's just Solitaire, I don't know what else to say.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|This is a very good game, with lots of challenging levels. if u get this app, u will never get bored. A must get!
B004UHSB5A|1.0|At one point I was playing and the chain was so long that I couldn't see what I could play. Wouldn't zoom in or out, wouldn't move side to side, nothing. Very poor planning. Uninstall!!
B005HSL626|5.0|Look. Do you expect a game to be free with no ads from this kind of publisher? Its not going to happen. Have you ever tried to make a game? I have and it is time consuming. Why don't you try going to work with no pay, see how you like it. And if you really hate the ads that much then just dish out the extra 99 cents and go without Mcdonalds for a day.
B0064NTZQ2|5.0|I'm going to start off by saying that the negative reviewers seem to be jumping on the same bandwagon together and remarking primarily on how little was said. This is untrue. The way it's being described is as if it mainly consists of entirely quiet scenes free of both dialogue or sound-tracking. At no point did I or frankly, anyone else I discussed the movie with feel that there was a shortage of dialogue. There was plenty of scripting, plenty of lines pertinent to both the plot and establishing the characters.<br /><br />The cast is not a vast assortment of people, the story is instead focused on roughly six different people and heavily revolves around Ryan Gosling's nameless character and Irene, his character's love interest. I won't be revealing plot points in my review, so rest assured that you'll be spared any spoilers. Now, a good amount of reviewers both positive and negative are calling this film an art house style indie picture. This is not the impression it gives off. This movie is reminiscent of movies starring actors like Paul Newman and Lee Marvin. I'm sure I've lost a few of you with that comment, but give me some time to explain.<br /><br />This movie generally doesn't get any mention towards it's soundtrack. Anyone who's ever seen the movie Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid will remember the use of an odd song (Raindrops Keep Falling On My Head) for the style of film they were making. Drive also uses rather quirky, yet strangely fitting songs at key points in the movie. It's no more artsy than the way it has been used in a plethora of other movies. Anyone who uses the songs in the film as a point towards the indie genre cannot really argue that it's been used to an even more dramatic extent in plenty of movies not considered art house styled.<br /><br />At the same time, it's far from the blockbuster fluff that audiences generally get yearly around summertime. It's not independent, nor is it clich&eacute;d and plot-less. This is greatly due to the actors' portrayals of their character and the editing styles and themes used. I'm not going to get too technical, but I'll at least say that it won't be a non-stop action Die Hard type of movie. It's realistic. The story is what's mainly established, then it comes to a few key points of excitement, and ends on a somber note. The interaction between the characters is what's most touched upon throughout the course of the film.<br /><br />Ryan Gosling's character is a lot like characters played by the aforementioned Newman or Marvin in the sense of both attitude and style. Gosling is becoming very akin to plenty of notable actors from the roles I've seen him play so far. This character is full of cool vibes and striking lines. He does not have a catchphrase, but the dialogue he's involved in is always memorable. Another big comparison between him and classic actors is the fact that Gosling's role has a very distinct and well put together ensemble. Brando, Marvin, Newman, Redford, Eastwood, Gosling, the one thing they have in common is that their characters all have distinctive features that generally pertain to their clothing. In Gosling's case it's his white quilted jacket with the large scorpion patch on its back. It's no different from Marlon Brando's iconic biker look in The Wild One.<br /><br />I find that these actors tend to define the clothing choices of the generations they pertain to. This seems to be happening in this case as well as I find that most of my Amazon suggestions after purchasing the DVD were for clothing and accessories that can be found on Ryan Gosling throughout the movie. Looks and music choices aside, the big comparison is the character portrayals. As I said this movie heavily focuses on the relationships between characters. Something that classic movies all tend to share is a strong lead and equally strong supporting characters. The nameless driver is a combination of pertinent facial expressions and demeanors and choice lines. Gosling is spot on with his looks and attitude in relation to the situations he faces throughout the film. Bryan Cranston is his best friend in the film, and his rendition of the character is complimentary to the serious nature of the main character. He's easy going and fast talking, and immediately likable. Cranston is the ebb to Gosling's reserved and less talkative flow.<br /><br />This film is not without it's action sequences. When the story hits an important and plot moving moment, it's exciting and satisfying. The declining action after the big climactic points is on cue with the feel of the situation and doesn't just drop to a dull and unsatisfying stop. The characters are all fitting to their roles, and luckily the female character isn't weak and forgettable. Carey Mulligan's character Irene is a initially single mother who isn't in dire straits over that fact, and while she works a job as a waitress no attention is placed on pity towards the character. She isn't looking for sympathy, and is strong and well assured throughout the film. A very believable portrayal. In effect, this is also a quality that classic films hold, a damsel not in distress.<br /><br />While I'd love to get into more specific details, I promised a review free of any spoilers. This is where I'll say that the movie is worth the purchase and well worth the watch. It's not so artsy that it shuns a large audience and it's not so action based that it delivers a story devoid of a compelling plot. It's a great mix, and a film that should stay in your memory for quite some time. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a fulfilling cinematic experience.tuations he faces throughout the film. Bryan Cranston is his best friend in the film, and his rendition of the character is complimentary to the serious nature of the main character. He's easy going and fast talking, and immediately likable. Cranston is the ebb to Gosling's reserved and less talkative flow.  This film is not without it's action sequences. When the story hits an important and plot moving moment, it's exciting and satisfying. The declining action after the big climactic points is on cue with the feel of the situation and doesn't just drop to a dull and unsatisfying stop. The characters are all fitting to their roles, and luckily the female character isn't weak and forgettable. Carey Mulligan's character Irene is a initially single mother who isn't in dire straits over that fact, and while she works a job as a waitress no attention is placed on pity towards the character. She isn't looking for sympathy, and is strong and well assured throughout the film. A very believable portrayal. In effect, this is also a quality that classic films hold, a damsel not in distress.  While I'd love to get into more specific details, I promised a review free of any spoilers. This is where I'll say that the movie is worth the purchase and well worth the watch. It's not so artsy that it shuns a large audience and it's not so action based that it delivers a story devoid of a compelling plot. It's a great mix, and a film that should stay in your memory for quite some time. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a fulfilling cinematic experience.
B0064BWE8U|5.0|I absolutely love Sophie Kinsella and was counting down the days until this book arrived. I was not disappointed and read it in 2 days. Love, love, loved it and I cant wait for her next book.
0439023513|1.0|I just have a question.....and I haven't read even the 2nd book yet, much less this one, although I've read the reviews....  1) Why is it so bad for readers to like happy endings over \\"real life\\" endings?   Real life is just that...real life...and it's pretty brutal.  Books are an escape so that we can enjoy a better outcome to problems in a world.  Why would I want to be once again reminded of how real life works?  I feel way better when I see good prosper which I get in certain books.  That's just me though.
B005KELR3A|5.0|I am so glad that I purchased this item!  It works great and it provides the protection I need for my kindle! I just throw it in my purse/diaper bag and go!
0439023521|1.0|Okay, so I read this book at the beckoning of others. First thing I hated, first person, but that's just me.  Third person is so much better just because you get to see everything from an objective point of view.  However, the story was good enough I grew accustomed to it.  Then, knowing the point of the book beforehand, it took way too long to get to the arena.  I mean, it was good enough along the way, but really, how much did any reader care about all the pre-show stuff before the games, yet the games didn't start for a good 150 pages of the book.  Then, it's too stop and go, too much fake \\"love\\", and too much survival solely because of staying out of harm's way.  I mean, that's a great concept for something like this in real life, but this is a book, that get's boring pretty quick.  Surprisingly, though, the book is still good overall with all this that I didn't like.  However, it then just abruptly ends which I guess is to set up the next book.  However, I looked up the next book, and......it's just Katniss returning to another Hunger Games?  One book of it, good.  Two books of it, boring.  I mean why would I want to reread the first book basically?  And I hear it's even worse with the first person view, her doing nothing but staying out of the way again.....sounds like Mrs. Collins didn't really want to put a lot of effort into the 2nd book.  That's unfortunate.  Plus, I've already seen reviews of the final book.  What kind of ending is that?  I know some people like \\"real\\" endings, however, real life is brutal enough.  I want a happy ending in a book.  That's why Harry Potter was so awesome.  Yes, there was pain, tragedy, and loss along the way, but by the end of the 7th book, the underlining theme of the whole series was wrapped up wonderfully.  From what I hear about this series, you're just left with nothing....why would I want that???  So, if I was just ratings this book, I would give it a 4 because I did like it overall even with it's faults.  However, no one cares about 3 or 4, everyone looks at 1 and 5.  And I can't give it a 5 simply because of the rest of the series.  That would be giving false hope to any reader about the whole series.  I am probably stopping after this book.  Maybe you should too.  One last thing, how I know this book isn't amazing like I heard, after reading it, it makes me want to reread Harry Potter again (which I just finished not too long ago again) just to feel satisfied with the books I am reading.
B0067Q42BY|4.0|Great game! The colors are bright and there are plenty of levels to keep me entertained.  The background images are beautiful also
B004MC8CA2|2.0|This looks great, easy to read. However, if you. can not connect to WiFi, you can't use it. This is a huge drawback. Please fix.
B002KSPKRS|4.0|I had a  pair of old Tritton AX360s that I loved.  However, they were heavy, wired ( kept stepping on the cord) and had no mute button.  Looking to get the newer version I found they were bought by the loathed madcatz company whose quality in all things I have purchased  have been subpar.<br /><br />I recommend these X4 headphones with a couple of caveats.<br /><br />Pros -<br />Light weight<br />Good surround sound<br />Different volume controls for chat<br />mute on cord.<br />Solid construction<br />wireless<br /><br />Cons<br />Unpacking warning:  I pulled the support off the base while trying to extricate it from the plastic packing.<br />RF interference.  If you have a wireless router like most people, it will interfere with your connection with a series of crackling pops randomly. iPads and iPhones seem to leak into the RF area easily.  There is a small area at the lower range of the RF that does not overlap between the router and headphones but no way to put the X41s communication in that range.<br /><br />Once I put my ipad/iphone in airplane mode, shut off the 2nd wireless router I had, move my networked wifi channel to a higher range I could then use the headphones.<br /><br />Just be aware you may need to fine tune wifi channels if it is  your wifi that is causing interference, if you have trouble with your neighbors, you may not be able to go wireless.
B005HSG3VK|5.0|I love this cover for my Kindle.  It protects it very well when my kids want to play games on it.  I love that I can stand it up and read without holding my \\"book\\". It helps in the kitchen when I am using a recipe and I can prop it up to see what I am supposed to be doing next.  It feels very durable to me.
B000AJIF4E|4.0|The comfort and sound of these headphones is good.  One thing I find annoying is that they creak whenever they move when I am chewing gum.  This is more annoying than you may think.  Other than that I am happy with the headphones.
B002VECM6S|4.0|Excellent story line and because it was a true story it warms your heart even more.  This movie also shows how love goes across racial lines and makes family family.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|Love the fact its accessible from any device that connects on line. I can view it, change it, and still see all changes and adjustments from my phone, pad, and computer. It basically is a cloud for notes and more. Love it.
B0062NAVXA|5.0|In this culture it takes great courage to do the right thing.  I loved the fact that this movie shows that we can make a difference in this dark world.
B006ON41FC|4.0|I enjoy collecting the nuts and completing the different goals. The game does hang for a second every once in a while on my DROID X which causes me to crash. When the game doesn't hang it's a lot of fun.
B004UHSB5A|4.0|game works ok on my kindle fire.<br />game needs some UI enhancements before its a paid app. A more detailed instructions would be nice for the people that are truly beginners like me. I can barely see the highlighting the game does to show you where you are placing the domino.<br />Doesn't require excessive permissions --&gt; extra star for that.
B002NPY7FE|5.0|Talked about this movie with grandson, he was too young to know about it. It was great to be able to watch in Blue Ray. We loved it.
B004UHSB5A|1.0|it really* really* sucks! it doesn't give any instructions on how to play! leaving me clueless the whole game and I lost every round because it didn't make any freaking scents. so consumers, don't waste your time or you amazon kindles gigabytes. . . its definitely NOT* worth it!
B006OAB3ME|1.0|The voice, timing, and accompaniment are not what one would expect for an album that should be pleasant to listen to. As it is it won't have much replay time.
B0000VAFNQ|5.0|I love Kate Beckinsale!!! I love this series. The storyline was consistent throughout the movie and it was unbelievable.  You could follow it no matter what.
0670022950|5.0|I found this to be a stimulating and hopeful book. While anyone who pays attention to the modern media, with its endless stream of mayhem, murder, and war, might conclude that humanity is getting more violent, Stephen Pinker presents a comprehensive case that the reverse is actually true. In other words, over the long run of history and even over the past few decades, the rate of violence among human beings has declined drastically. And, according to Pinker, it's done so in every imaginable category, from organized warfare, to disorganized warfare, to crime, to punishment of crime, to attitudes about acceptable social behavior.<br /><br />To be fair, most of Pinker's evidence concerning the distant past is anecdotal or circumstantial, with statistics loosely extrapolated from what limited data existed then, but it still serves to paint a vivid picture of ancient societies that were far more casually brutal than most societies are today. The telling exceptions, of course, are the more primitive, traditional, and ungoverned ones that still exist, whose level of harshness suggests that the modern lifestyle is an improvement in terms of safety from human aggression.<br /><br />Like other prospective readers, I imagine, I was skeptical of the author's views on war, but he does a pretty good job using statistics and numbers to show that death by conflict is a relative thing, with premodern people caught up in warfare, if only small scale warfare, far more often than 20th or 21st century people. Indeed, there's a table showing that, in relative terms, *World War One* doesn't even make the top eight (or more -- I forget) deadliest cataclysms, the \\"winners\\" including several conflicts I hadn't even heard of. Taken in light of Pinker's reasoning, even WWII can be seen as a devastating but statistically atypical event.<br /><br />Better Angels is quite a long, exhaustive read, but Pinker had an argument to address nearly every issue I could think of, and I wasn't at any point bored. The middle part of the book examines the political and social reasons for the decline in violence, which I found convincing. Basically, as societies became more complex and interconnected, rulers began to profit more from peace than from attacking their neighbors, causing the state to take a more active role in resolving disputes. This created a more secure, civilized mercantile class, which, with the spread of democracy, began promoting ideas of \\"rights\\" and fairness. As each wave of progressive thought permeated society, support for new kinds of rights would take shape. (The inherent defense of capitalism may not sit well with some liberals, nor of a protective state with some conservatives, but there it is.)<br /><br />The most interesting part of the book to me, though, was the latter third, which connected our tendency towards aggressive or peaceful behavior to our evolutionary heritage. As you know, we all have innate cognitive biases that enabled our ancestors to confront potential dangers and cooperate with their own clans. Pinker provides a fascinating examination of how these biases play a role in human interaction, leading either towards aggression or away from it. In one corner are revenge instinct, tribal loyalty, groupthink, overconfidence, self-justifying narratives, etc., while in the other are moral instincts, empathy, and rationality. The angels and demons, it seems, intercede depending on how a choice is framed, and can drive vicious cycles or virtuous ones. Significant stuff.<br /><br />Obviously, a book this bold in its conclusions, from such a prominent author, is going to draw some backlash from certain quarters (particularly those pushing gloom-and-doom messages), but I think that Pinker does such a thorough, intelligent job of tackling the topic, that it's hard to dismiss what he has to say. Full of information and insights you'll probably find yourself using in dinner table conversations.bored. The middle part of the book examines the political and social reasons for the decline in violence, which I found convincing. Basically, as societies became more complex and interconnected, rulers began to profit more from peace than from attacking their neighbors, causing the state to take a more active role in resolving disputes. This created a more secure, civilized mercantile class, which, with the spread of democracy, began promoting ideas of \\"rights\\" and fairness. As each wave of progressive thought permeated society, support for new kinds of rights would take shape. (The inherent defense of capitalism may not sit well with some liberals, nor of a protective state with some conservatives, but there it is.)<br /><br />The most interesting part of the book to me, though, was the latter third, which connected our tendency towards aggressive or peaceful behavior to our evolutionary heritage. As you know, we all have innate cognitive biases that enabled our ancestors to confront potential dangers and cooperate with their own clans. Pinker provides a fascinating examination of how these biases play a role in human interaction, leading either towards aggression or away from it. In one corner are revenge instinct, tribal loyalty, groupthink, overconfidence, self-justifying narratives, etc., while in the other are moral instincts, empathy, and rationality. The angels and demons, it seems, intercede depending on how a choice is framed, and can drive vicious cycles or virtuous ones. Significant stuff.<br /><br />Obviously, a book this bold in its conclusions, from such a prominent author, is going to draw some backlash from certain quarters (particularly those pushing gloom-and-doom messages), but I think that Pinker does such a thorough, intelligent job of tackling the topic, that it's hard to dismiss what he has to say. Full of information and insights you'll probably find yourself using in dinner table conversations.
B0058YPG1G|5.0|Breaking Bad is the BEST series EVER on television. It has the gamut of emotions. Do yourself a favor, get all the seasons! Once you start you CAN NOT stop. The acting is great. The writing is exceptional. The viewer will run the entire list of all human emotions and LOVE IT!!!!!
B004SOR4H6|1.0|The app freezes on launch, and I have to go to the notification bar.  I can't get to the tweet stream.  It worked the first time but never launches again.
B001PJ7TUE|4.0|As I said, instead of inviting guest vocalists and trying innovative styles like we hear on \\"Always Outnumbered, Never Outgunned\\", Prodigy combines their early sound (club/house techno music) and their later sound (more abrasive and distorted techno). This formula works very well on some songs on the album but on other songs, the music almost feels tired or forced. Here's a track by track:<br /><br />1. Invaders Must Die- 3/5<br />2. Omen- 5/5<br />3. Thunder- 4/5<br />4. Colours- 3/5<br />5. Take Me To the Hospital- 5/5<br />6. Warrior's Dance- 5/5<br />7. Run With the Wolves- 5/5<br />8. Omen (Reprise)- 4/5<br />9. World's On Fire- 5/5<br />10. Piranha- 4/5<br />11. Stand Up- 5/5<br /><br />I've now listened to this multiple times and it's evident that they sometimes even repeated certain loops or melodies from songs on prior albums on the tracks that I scored lower. I really hope their next studio album returns to the innovative style that they showed before they put this one out. The good songs are really good though.<br /><br />If you're new to the group, get \\"Fat of the Land\\" or \\"Music for the Jilted Generation\\".<br /><br />If you're a long-time fan, this is worth adding to the collection. Don't get your hopes up too high for another mind-blowing masterpiece.
B006ON41FC|5.0|this game is super super super adicting and amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amzibg its really good and simple but yet a very good game
B004UHSB5A|1.0|I agree the tiles are too small. played two games and I am done. I do not recommend this game.
B004UID2LC|4.0|this app is great for music lovers.but it is only limited to your memory on your mobile divide. great for the kindle fire and smartphones with plenty unused memory.
0691152640|4.0|This Time Is Different focuses sharply on the financial markets, as if they move in a vacuum unaffected by real assets -except housing.  The authors justify this in Chapter 10, saying that others have described the links to broader markets.  Still, corporate finance theory suggests that securities prices reflect the value of available opportunities.  And house prices reflect current wages of workers, discounted into the future with mindless presumption.  Your instincts may differ, but I find the value of a book like this benefits greatly from tying financial market events to simultaneous situations in other aspects of the markets.  This Time Is Different emphasizes that some booms have their roots in devices that extend credit to uncertain persons on unreasonable terms.  The authors make an important contribution by including rescheduling and rampant inflation as de facto default events.  But they left a lot on the table by avoiding partisanship.  They don't look at sudden cuts in the safety net or sudden increases in taxes as de facto default events.  And they don't raise the issue of how to characterize unaffordable tax cuts or increases in social benefits.  Like all good academic research, this book leads inexorably to the conclusion that we need to do more research.  This Time Is Different raises the issue that credit tightening in the major markets often causes strings of defaults in peripheral markets.  Someone else will need to explore those cause and effect relationships.  The authors  do note that a spike of easy money in lender countries soon results in defaults by borrower countries.  And while they do not mention borrowers' debt rescheduling as a predictable response to credit tightening, they do note (without explanation) that lenders seem inclined to cooperate with such rescheduling.  This Time Is Different emphasizes in Chapter 10 that bank crises are intensifiers of recessions, not the sources.  I wish the authors had speculated upon what are causesand what are effects among various aspects of financial crisis, like bouts of inflation and exchange rate collapses.  It would be interesting to know if the problems always proceeded in one direction and whether there were feedback loops.  This Time Is Different reports in one place, and on a comparative basis, from a database of events people cite as examples for what should happen in economic life.  It's an inspiration for those who want to sift for new ideas, and a gold mine of thesis topics.  It's invaluable for those with the wisdom to check their own ideas before a barroom conversation.  This Time Is Different may be a little dry to make a good gift for nonacademics.  But it should be required reading even for those who don't find it a barrel of laughs.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I think my favorite thing about the Bible app is that I can start various reading plans and go at my own pace.  I am currently on the Chronological plan and I just LOVE it!!!
B000PMG16U|5.0|This is not a review of the Star Wars pre-trilogy as a movie. The item came quickly and was in perfect condition. 3 disks fit neatly into a standard container which helps save room on your shelf. No movie previews upon playing the films, which is always good.
B000Q6GUTI|5.0|I ordered this movie \\"The Shooter\\" starring Mark Walhberg used. I love this movie and considered buying it new instead but the price difference was the selling point for me. The movie arrived on schedule and was exactly as advertised (very good condition). As a matter of fact, the movie was wrapped in the normal plastic that new movies come in. Now I'm not so sure if I got a brand new movie or one that was previously viewed. Either way, I am thrilled to say the least. I would highly recommend buying from this store!
B003Q6D2B4|5.0|Red is a fast pace shoot em' up movie. I thoroughly enjoyed it! I thought even though they shot people there wasn't to much gore.
B002BWP49C|5.0|As a mesmerized fan of the Twilight books and movies, I believe Breaking Dawn part I, is the best movie of the series. I have all three of the books and now four of the movie series and cannot wait to see Breaking Dawn part II. I just don't see how the last movie of the series can top \\"Twilight\\" and \\"Breaking Dawn part I\\", but I anxiously await watching it. I was a little disappointed that I pre-ordered the movie from Amazon a month or so ago, yet it was out in the stores a week before I received it. Don't think I will preorder again, not a good idea.
0470474874|5.0|The book arrived in perfect condition and sooner than stated.  This is a softcover/paperback textbook with CD.  After being a homemaker for several decades I now must find a job and most of them use Excel. I am new to Excel and Office 2010 having leaped from Office 2002. This book covers basic and advanced knowledge. I had a problem understanding one or two things but the MS website cleared that up for me.  I like its format and gladly suggest the book to anyone who wants to learn, brush-up, or advance their knowledge of Excel 2010.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|addicting! I just got my kindle tonight, I have done nothing but play this game for 2 hours. definitely recommend
0307888908|4.0|Check out this book if you are interested in startups in general. It is an interesting book written by atleast one successful entrepreneur.
B004UHSB5A|3.0|The simplistic UI is sloppy, with bones that don't snap into place well, and graphical glitches. The opponent isn't good enough. I haven't come close to losing a single game. There's only one style of dominoes to play. Overall it seems like a student project, not a polished game.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This is very fun. I have become addicted. I have recommended this game to all my fellow kindle owners. This game offers so many game varieties its great especially for!!!!!!!!!
B005KE7CES|5.0|Amazing album, amazing voice!  Can't stop listening.  Top tracks include \\"Katy On a mission\\", \\"Lights On\\", \\"Easy Please Me\\"...can't really chose one, every track is great!
B003K16P3M|4.0|Every book has it downs no matter how good the author is, but I couldn't get past a couple of points long enough to care.  1- the female lead is strong, smart, adaptable. 2- there is no love at first sight. 3- there is no silly, stupid, unneeded love triangle. In many young adult books I have picked up the heroine is quite honestly stupid. She makes decisions based on her own wants and when repeatedly confronted with the negative consequences continues to do what she does. Also there is always some love triangle incorporated that does nothing to enhance the story line. I really enjoyed this book for the concept, strong heroine, and quality of the writing. The story progressed nicely and I wasn't once left asking the question, why is she so dumb? Definitely recommend this book to people that are tired of the trends created by Twilight and those that are looking for a young adult book written as if for adults.
B005K17RU0|4.0|It works as advertised. But after using it for a couple of weeks I got a pop up screen that forced me to write this review. That's why it gets only four stars.
B006M4RN3U|4.0|I was very skeptical, but I actually really like it. I felt like the band's first album - Aim & Ignite - was trying too hard, striving for the greatness of The Format's Dog Problems, and missed the mark by miles. Some Nights finally steps out from The Format's format and goes its own way.  It's a bigger pop record, and while I agree that the auto-tune is an unnecessary distraction (Nate certainly needs no assistance in the vocals department), the new direction suits the trio well. The one-two punch of \\"All Alone\\" and \\"All Alright\\" should be enough to leave the listener feeling hooked, if they weren't already. Kudos to the band for trying something new.
B0062NAX1U|5.0|This movie is wonderful and has a great message.  We will watch this movie over and over and will recommend this to others as well.
B000FC1HBY|5.0|Much like Game of Thrones, this book has very methodical character and story line development.  Although the depth of detail can be tiresome and time consuming, it is completely worth it when you get to the last third of the book.  I was so absorbed in the story that I couldn't stop thinking about it and found some things so shocking and exciting I wished I had a way to vent my thoughts and frusturations about what was happening to and between the characters.  I can't wait to begin Storm of Swords.
B0071T5PN0|5.0|A few months ago I was wondering \\"What happened to REAL rock?\\".Can't stand the emo crap and the stuff that passes for pop is worse. I like the most recent AC/DC, Alice In Chains and Metallica but there was still this void and here is VH's ADKOT to fill it. I'll admit to being a bit skeptical myself when Tatoo came out but now that I've had the chance to listen to the entire album,er CD for the past few weeks I have come to the conclusion that THIS IS IT!!!!!!!! This fills the void and I couldn't be happier.... I love it!!!! Can't not listen to it!!<br /><br />\\"Go home the earth is full, we outta space!\\"
0385535139|4.0|Sometimes when I read Grisham I get a serious legal drama really tearing into some piece of the law.  It makes me reconsider some of my preconceived notions as a legal novice.  Then you also get the lighthearted Grisham who is merely trying to entertain. This book read like a movie, a dramedy.  And that is not a bad thing.  Grisham has a track record of writing some really good movie plots.  The characters that interact with our hero are in place to create laughs, to remind us not to take the tension too seriously.  The divorced and broken law partners to the sassy secretary.  All are there for the straight man to play off of.  And for the most part they do it pretty well.  The whole time I kept seeing the film playing in my head with the requisite laughter present.  But underneath I liked the serious message being shared.  Money will not fix what is wrong with your life if you don't like what you are doing.  In Judd Apatow's interview on Marc Maron's WTF podcast in which he shared he loved his job.  He would still be doing what he does living in a crap apartment if he never made it big because he absolutely loves what he does.  The money is just icing, not cake.  If you are truly doing what you want the money will follow, or at least enough to get by.  People run into trouble when they begin to love what the money brings to the table more than what they are doing.  They start making compromises and then they are prisoners to the system, a system they themselves built.  Living your dreams is a scary thing to do, especially as you progress down other paths and get responsibility heaped upon you.  Very scary indeed.  Our hero manages it and since this is a comedy, everything works out for him in the end.  If only we all could be so lucky.  It reminds be of Daniel Gilbert's work a little.  Happiness is where you find it, and most people will say getting fired ultimately was the greatest thing that ever happened to them.  We just have to ride through those waves first.Thanks to T Stevens for this review.
B000002JEV|5.0|Was not ready for the raw, sonic blast that is LZ on the BBC. Not as polished as albums and not as loose as classic live albums. CD1 has early stuff and really crisp and energetic. CD2 not as tight,  focuses on their fourth album.  If you love LZ and dont have this album, here's your chance!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|my son likes it s lot,we've used it for awhile now.<br />he loves how he can earn new games. Some are hard some are not
B000000W5F|4.0|Lots of classic tunes you know from radio and parties. Many have written here it was their last great studio album. Maybe so. Check out Slave.
B0067Q42BY|5.0|I never played this type of game befor but I'm hooked on it now. Good brain trainer too and consent ration
B002ZG993Q|4.0|\\"The American\\" makes you work to pick up the things that are often conveyed by the holes left behind by characters who use as few words as possible. This makes the watcher a participant,  which is rather enjoyable, given that many films today spoon feed the simplest of plots, characters, and conclusions to their audience.  The movie is occupied as much by what people don't do as what they do; as much as by what they don't say as what one expects them to say.  Pleasantries are omitted, hinting at a life lived apart from others; glances are hint at pursuit rather than attraction,  but the pursuers themselves are likewise skilled at making themselves barely visible. Clooney's character uses words as if he has to withdraw them from a safety deposit box.<br /><br />  All the characters, it seems, are hiding secrets, some of them relatively harmless, some more serious,  more dubious. The characters' reticence gives the viewer time to study them, to assess them, in a way that so many other films simply make impossible, due to the busyness that crowds the screen.  One has time to reflect on what's missing from these characters,  even what might have caused it. The characters, for all the guarding of secrets that they do,  are original, because the very act of hiding a secret often makes it apparent one exists.<br /><br />Clooney's character attempts to blend in by being quiet, unsociable, nearly silent. Yet these things attract notice even in a small, quiet town. The movie, notably, does not engage in Italian stereotypes,  no \\"My Big Fat Greek Wedding\\" style Mediterranean gawdy antics. So understated is the dialogue that often several avenues suggest themselves,  and that's what makes this movie so risky: the ending was never assured,  because it did not hesitate in portraying Clooney's Jack as utterly ruthless and logical, determined to survive---no matter who got in the way. The film does not sugar coat the character at all, gives him a clinical outlook,  even in the one or two scenes that a lesser actor would have used to go for the sloppy emoting that passes for good performing. One gets the sense---as the character shifts back to survival mode after relaxing for a bit-----that he is trying a new maneuver to deflect the villagers' interest in him, seeing if it works.<br /><br /> The understatement of Clooney's performance hints at the tightly-wound history of a man who cannot take any mistake for granted,  any moment of relaxation, any contact with a human being.  I was sort of struck by how it would have been utterly fatal for him to have, say,  mistaken, the number for the combination that was given to him by the person sampling his craftmanship.  In ordinary life, it is simple; one makes a phone call,  admits the error. In this life,  the concession that is granted for another issue is quite nearly a threat.<br /><br />  The town where this was filmed is as much a character as are the human beings that live in it,  with its narrow streets and wide steps,  severe stone walls and ancient age.  There are so many intriguing little side streets,  archways, stairways, all packed on top of one another,  that it's like a maze that leads one to more and more discoveries. One could make a whole travelogue following those streets in that small town.<br /><br />  The movie does such an unsettlingly good job of making one doubt every character----an odd compliment----that during a picnic when a woman holds a pose for a few seconds too long one wonders if she's dead,  even while the setting evokes \\"Dejeuner sur l'herbe\\"---and the tight, unsettling expression on Clooney's face lingers a beat or two too long to be comfortable----or easily assessed.<br /><br />Another original moment is a car chase. Rather than turns and twists that realistically would wind up with everyone in a ditch,  in fact,  both drivers DO wind up in the ditch, so to speak. It's not thrilling. It's  nerve wracking,  because from the film's first scene, one knows that anycharacter is expendable. It would entirely possible for the film to off its main character halfway through and still carry on with the plot.<br /><br />When emotions do start to show up----but not in anything like Hollywood quantities----they seem almost gaudy, like the rose one glimpses in an espalier against a gray stone wall. This is the movie's one real weakness; the main character's sudden statement of something that seems to come rather out of the blue,  given all his understatement before.<br /><br />While I can't say the movie is without flaw----though I'm hard pressed, really, to think of anything beyond that brief moment noted above----I feel that one has to be sparing with five star ratings, though perhaps I am shortchanging this understated film, which is so different from the fare one usually sees come out of Hollywood.  Serious Hollywood movies like to teach one a lesson,  or have a big message. This one does not. It is just one character and the people around him, and after a diet of Hollywood junk, this low key movie whose predominant color is gray seemed to leave the most vivid impression.film to off its main character halfway through and still carry on with the plot.  When emotions do start to show up----but not in anything like Hollywood quantities----they seem almost gaudy, like the rose one glimpses in an espalier against a gray stone wall. This is the movie's one real weakness; the main character's sudden statement of something that seems to come rather out of the blue,  given all his understatement before.  While I can't say the movie is without flaw----though I'm hard pressed, really, to think of anything beyond that brief moment noted above----I feel that one has to be sparing with five star ratings, though perhaps I am shortchanging this understated film, which is so different from the fare one usually sees come out of Hollywood.  Serious Hollywood movies like to teach one a lesson,  or have a big message. This one does not. It is just one character and the people around him, and after a diet of Hollywood junk, this low key movie whose predominant color is gray seemed to leave the most vivid impression.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is one of the best apps I ever downloading. there is so many tuns games that ensure that the app wont get boring
0385344228|5.0|Absolutely one of the best books I've ever read. Court room legal thriller that kept me glued until the last page. I will want to read everything this author has written now.
B000067DNC|5.0|Very satisfied with this product.  Came as expected with no problems.  Have gotten started with this series and got hooked because it has nothing so far that is so explicit that I need to turn it off.  Would recommend Amazon and this seller
B003Y74AZ2|3.0|I got this case through amazon gold deal for only 5bucks so I am happy about the price, but not sure if it would be worth it at retail 15 bucks. The case is easily installed, but not as snug as I would like it. My other complaint is that is attracts way too much lint/dust and thus making the case look dirty/old. The case makes the phone a good grip and overall the case is decent for price of 5 dollars!
B004UHSB5A|2.0|tiles start to over lap then the wrong side of the domino is playable. fix it HTC EVO 3d. thanks
B002MQYOFW|5.0|This was such a great story! I bought the book and read it in one day! I didn't know it was geared towards teenagers until I started to read it. By that time I really didn't care. I loved the characters and the whole idea of what could happen if our country fell to war and how the next generations would continue on. The whole games idea reminded me of a Stephen King novella I read called \\"the long walk\\" where kids would have to keep walking and if they stopped they would be killed. And there could only be one victor who would be taken care of for the rest of his life. This novel follows a similar idea although it went into more detail about preparing for the games and the different ways the gamekeepers set traps to kill them off one by one. Definitely worth reading and then read the next 2 books to find out how it all ends.
B004UHSB5A|1.0|Doesn't explain how points are earned.i'm new to dominoes so not understanding how one move gets you 65 when most gives you zero and the auto player always seems to score just doesn't seem fair. Maybe a tutorial or hints button to help you learn?
B005K0HDGE|4.0|I have been a huge Stephen King fan since I was a teenager. However I stopped reading his novels in the past few years because they got a bit wierd for me. But this one brought me back around. The idea of going back in time and changing events has been done for decades, but Stephen King took a new spin on it. What if you could save the life of Kennedy and how would that change everything? I loved the characters, especially Sadie. And I love how Stephen King didn't make everything all peaches and cream but kept it as realistic as you can with time travel. My husband and I spent hours after reading it just discussing the outcome of the book and also the problems with time travel. Well worth reading. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is it could get a little boring in spots and I felt he dragged it out a little too much. But that is a problem I have had with other Stephen King books. Enjoy
B001OQCV6K|4.0|But then I remembered that \\"Elementar, dear Watson\\"  is not written in the books, and yet now we hold it as \\"sherlockian\\" cannon...  That said, I enjoyed this Sherlock very much. It is fun, it is not boring much on contraire mon ami. Even if it has not \\"watson-o-vision\\", as this Watson is not dumb (because that role is for Lestrade), we do the Watson thing : we are  easily distracted in crime scene, we give too much attention to what is not important, as in Watsons descriptions in the books.  Watson being a fool always made me unconfortable. Brilliant people do not gather stupid people. Fools would gather around themselves stupid people. That way, the fool can appear more intelligent than it he really is.  So Watson being a stupid 30s years old man would depreciate Holmes brilliance. Successfull people gather around people more intelligent (or at least as intelligent) as themselves. That is the way to be always self-challenged to keep improving.  So a choice of a not-dumb-watson was a challenge. Because as Watson is not a idiot, Holmes hadnt that easy way to shine. Holmes HAD TO BE REALLY briiliant, because none less would impress us when we compare him with a capable Watson.  Only ONE thing annoyed me. Irene hinted about her employer, and Holmes would not discover by himself who was her employer...
B006M4RN3U|5.0|I'll admit that I am a new comer to the band Fun. But either way, the last time I liked an album this much has been awhile. I can't stop listening. Every song is unique, is different, and has it's own flare. From the harsh electronic sounds, to the light piano of some songs, it's a constant joy. It's one of those albums that you can't wait to be over so you can listen to all of the songs again. I wanted to skip tracks just so I could hear how amazing the next track was. I'm officially a fan of Fun!
B000UBMSB8|5.0|This movie cannot look better.  I do prefer the Final Cut, but since 4 versions of the film exist in this package, I think the 'voiceover' fans will be happy too.  All versions were 'remastered' and look and sound incredible!  This movie says so much without saying alot verbally.<br /><br />Perhaps my favorite disc is #2.  A plus 2 hour documentary on the making of Bladerunner.  Very in depth and revealing for any true fan of the film.<br /><br />This is what science fiction is meant to be.
B0067QPVJ6|4.0|After watching the movie and reading some of the reviews, I felt obliged to write a review for a pretty faithful adaptation, though billed as a prequel.  Obviously, there are some folks who loved John Carpenter's version and have slammed this version. The problem is that some of the descriptions of the flaws in this film were often even more so in the 82 version.  I have never cared for the characters that Carpenter creates.  They are terribly cliche'.  also, when I watch Kurt Russell in the The Thing, I feel I am watching 'Snake' Plissken re-vamped in the Antarctic.  for this film, I think they did a pretty good job connecting this version to the 82 story line. In addition, I think they even paid homage to the 1951 version (how they found the ship--- as well as having a scientist who cares about science more than welfare of crew).  That said, John Carpenter was much better in creating suspense and tension by slowing things down to where the silence is deafening.  Also, the soundtrack this time was devoid of suspense--and music adds quite a bit--could you imagine the original Halloween without the score?  That said, I think they did a pretty faithful adaptation and there was not as much gimmiks with the gore IMO (remember Docs hands in the 82 version? c'mon!how silly).  It is tough to get close to many of the characters in this film I must admit. I would have also liked more time spent with the scientists examining the ship(was the alien the commander of ship, or a specimen picked up along the way..as suggested by those involved. Let's also remember that the 82 film was severly panned by critics and film-goers and subsequently was his biggest flop up to that point. It seems time made his film a cult. Let's give this one a little slack.
B00004ST9Q|5.0|and i remember all the tv appearences and  things she did. i followed her career back when she started out and this collection brings back so many great memorys and thensome.  she truly  made classic material and her videos  were  good as well. she truly had style and kept it very classy.  i always  respected her  sophistication and  showmanship.  this is a  great overview of her  career.
B0061TQBRK|2.0|I have been a fan of Lacuna Coil for a while, but I just found this album to be monotonous.  Each song blends into the next with hardly a change.  The poor cover of R.E.M. did not help either.  I have given it a couple of listens, but in the end I just cannot find anything worthwhile on this album.
B006O5YHUY|5.0|I thought that this movie was tremendous. It will keep you on the edge of your seat the entire time.  Simply put.....5 out of 5 stars.  You will not be disappointed.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|its ok not. very good I d ont like something to help you. pass time I mean I would play but I don't think most people will
B0063IH60K|4.0|This solitaire is a fun easy addictive game to play when you want to relax and not concentrate on anything in particular
B006ON41FC|5.0|this game is sick but I got all the costumes in a day which made it boring but the squirrl. dudes beast and I would like more screens also the golden acorns are cool all in all this is a beast app!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!&iexcl;!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!&iexcl;!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B006ON41FC|5.0|I love the idea of this game! can it get any better? if you don't like this game you are totally crazy! buy this game if don't you will regret it
B0054JZC6E|5.0|great games good ideas boa hggxvxvvfgvvc ggc f g gt Yggdrasil Yggdrasil ggv Yggdrasil Yggdrasil tug fff gfxc Greg fcg
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love everything about this app. its really fun! not much more to say about it.. la la la la.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|it reminds me of those gamed you can sit down at a bar and play on the little video machines. I enjoy this game. I like having to work towards the other games.
B006ON41FC|5.0|THE BEST GAME EVER IN MY BEST TABLET IN THE WHOLE WIDE WORLD AND IYT IS SO COOL FOR THE I POD TOUCH AND THE KINDLE FIRE OR THE I PAD2.
B0063GORYU|5.0|I love this game. very addictive. I play at least a few times a day! and the best part is its Free. highly. recommended.
0811876373|5.0|my wife really like this book it helps her a lot with making her cake pops. they look so cool an taste so good.
B006PHD0RW|3.0|I really enjoy the game, easy controls, nice graphics. But I've had to uninstall/reinstall twice in as many days as after the first time playing it will not re-open. No force-close error messages, just won't open. Running on HTC Thunderbolt.
B003ZSJ212|4.0|Yes there is very disturbing alterations of the original movies but the story is still there.  What I am happy about is the way it looks.  I sat there in awe at Episode 1, and that is probably my least favorite movie.  They did an awesome job with the effects and updates of the graphics.  Yoda doesnt look like a 3 year olds stuffed animal and everything is super clear.  I understand that the changes are annoying yet it is still worth getting if you are a true fan.  This is coming from someone who likes Star Wars for more than the movies.
B0069UP2PI|5.0|This is an excellent film and the story it relates about infectious diseases is very frightening.  The film takes us into the lives of people sick and dying from an unidentified infectious disease, the public health officials who are trying to track down the paths of contagion to find the source of the infection, the government officials trying to manage information and the responses of the public, the scientists who are trying to identify the agent and develop a vaccine, and the paranoid conspiracy crowd that muddles the picture, often for their own gain. The story begins with a bang as we see Gwyneth Paltrow travel from a business trip in Hong Kong to Minneapolis via a 5 hour overlay in Chicago and then dies a horrible death from the unknown cause. Her husband Matt Damon is then left to pick up the pieces and struggle through months of national turmoil. Parallel to all the confusion and panic, CDC scientists first try to track the source of the disease and calculate infection rates and Kate Winslet is great as a dedicated Epidemiological Investigation Service agent sent out by the CDC to find the cause of the pandemic and calculate mortality and morbidity of this unknown terror. We also see Marion Cotillard as a World Health Organization epidemiologist trying to find the vectors that transmitted the disease from some animal or plant source to humans. We also see Jennifer Ehle, a superb and often overlooked actress, who plays a CDC scientist who maps the molecular structure of the agent and begins the laborious work of developing a vaccine, including the age old technique of researchers in the last century, testing the vaccine on themselves once the crisis has reached unbearable proportions. Jennifer Ehle has many great scenes throughout the film. In once such scene she is describing the genetic structure of the unknown agent to a CDC administrator, Laurence Fishburne, and as she identifies the bat and pig virus sections in the new agent, we hear her amazement and mastery combined with her terror and apprehension. Scenes of civil breakdown with looted pharmacies, empty grocery stores, lack of any government services and protection, are all grim reminders of what could happen in such an emergency. The emergency rooms and hospitals become so filled up that the dying are laid out in gymnasiums. The morgues and funeral homes cease to function and the dead are buried in mass graves and covered by dirt by bulldozers. This is a very intelligent film that never talks down to the viewer and for the most part sticks to the facts and protocols that would be followed in such a disaster. The film is not a science fiction film in that it follows what could happen should such an agent be let loose on the human population. The acting is superb with a top cast. The script never talks down to the viewer and expects to be understood. The film is light on in-depth character development but we see folks reacting to a unique crisis. The film is excellent.mastery combined with her terror and apprehension. Scenes of civil breakdown with looted pharmacies, empty grocery stores, lack of any government services and protection, are all grim reminders of what could happen in such an emergency. The emergency rooms and hospitals become so filled up that the dying are laid out in gymnasiums. The morgues and funeral homes cease to function and the dead are buried in mass graves and covered by dirt by bulldozers. This is a very intelligent film that never talks down to the viewer and for the most part sticks to the facts and protocols that would be followed in such a disaster. The film is not a science fiction film in that it follows what could happen should such an agent be let loose on the human population. The acting is superb with a top cast. The script never talks down to the viewer and expects to be understood. The film is light on in-depth character development but we see folks reacting to a unique crisis. The film is excellent.
B0055Q5F36|5.0|Bought this for the AT&T Galaxy S II i777 because it was a lot cheaper than the Otterbox case [[ASIN:B005UPQFOK specifically for the i777]]. This one fits perfectly and provides optimal protection. All ports are accessible and the case has a very slim design. Power button is hard to press, but I hear it gets better after a few days. Obviously the included screen protector does not fit, but I already had one on. You can always buy a few off the internet for around a dollar shipped. Happy with this purchase and recommend it to anyone with this phone!  -My seller was \\"PruneDanish.com fulfilled by Amazon\\".
B004UHSB5A|5.0|[[ASIN:B004UHSB5A Dominoes]]  I read the Jackass reviews on this game and hesitantly downloaded this old favorite pastime game.  The game worked fine for me (on The Fire) but....hey!...I cheated.  I read the instructions on the menu!  Okay.  The tile placement is tricky.  Try this for those without deductive abilities: PLACE THE TILE HALFWAY OVER THE TILE ON THE END WHERE YOU WANT IT TO GO.  The game will place it correctly then.  READ the SCORING instructions.  You can change the background...ooops!...once again, that takes looking at the menu!  Now, this is NOT a game for the ARCADE nuts (of whom I do include myself).  If you are not capable of independent thought & the ability to strategize, don't waste your time on this simple game.  This game can be as EASY or as DIFFICULT as YOUR BRAIN makes it. Children can play this game happily.  So can adults!  I am so ticked at these mindless reviews.  Its a board GAME.  It was not intended to be fast paced.  You must be able to add (aka: count) to determine your moves AND the AI's move.  Get over yourselves mindless reviewers ..... except you, Superman 75, whom we all love (no sarcasm here & you are not mindless).  And stop dissing Amazon because this game is not something for your tastes.  They have given you games that you do like, haven't they.  GROW UP!
B003TT2X72|5.0|For some reason Lord of the Rings is fading in and out of Netflix.  Last year on Netflix there was Fellowship of the Ring but no Two Towers or Return of the King.  This year I'm seeing Two Towers but no Fellowship of the Ring.  I've decided not to wait for Netflix and get these.  These look fantastic.
B0071MV540|4.0|Ben Stiller, good. Eddie Murphy, funny. I feel like laughing all the time when I watch a movie. Good times all around in the household while watching movie.
B0067Q42BY|5.0|Playing this on my Fire and loving it.  Very challenging and the graphics are wonderful. Highly recommend it. I enjoy the Quest version the best. I happened upon.this when it was the daily free app, but would have purchased it. Give it a try, you will not be disappointed.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|It works so smooth on my Galaxy S II with almost no lag! The new update lets you lock your computer as an added plus!
B006OFN0SE|4.0|Another winner for Clint Eastwood and what impecable acting from everyone especially Dicaprio and Watts.  Unlike a few other reviewers (and although I have seen other movies about J. Egar Hoover) the fact there may have been unknowns thrown in as factual events didn't bother me very much because it is not labeled as a documentary.  There is no doubt about it, Hoover (like Nixon) was paranoid, arrogant, and vindictive among so many other weaknesses.  Let's not forget what a piece of work his mother was.  It is a wonder he didn't have more flaws than he did.  Hoover (among so many others) is proof that no one is either all bad or all good and he deserves credit where credit is due.  Glad we have this movie to add to our collection.  If you are a Dicaprio fan, then you will want to see this movie because his portrayal in both appearance and acting was stellar.
0060512806|5.0|This is a long book, that is at times a bit tedious.  Stephenson writes in detail about many things that really don't have anything to do with the plot, but are interesting nonetheless.  For example, he writes several pages about how a character is thinking back to when he got his wisdom teeth removed.  It is a funny, fascinating sidetrack that in no way is needed to move the story forward.  At 900+ pages, this book is a behemoth, but it is well worth the effort.  I would rate it as one of my favorite books, and I think for the most part those interested in math, science, computing, or engineering will be more inclined to enjoy this book.  That said, it doesn't take any special or in-depth knowledge of any of these to follow along and enjoy the novel.
B005K15SPG|5.0|Love this CD! The music is great and the bonuses are wonderful! I love the dvd and the other tracks on the CD! Totally worth the purchase. I love the sound of live music!
B00127RAJY|5.0|I have done a lot of research and wasted money on workout video's and this is by far the best! It is not a easy work out by any means but you can feel it and for only 20 minutes a day you cant beat that!! i feel more from this video then i do when i go to the gym for hours!! i highly recommend this video you wont regret it!!
B004UHSB5A|5.0|For anyone who has played dominoes - and as others have said - those who bother to read the instructions, this was great fun. My eyesight is awful but I had no problem in seeing the dominoes.  The Ai was competent, and let's face it: the odds will always tabor the house, still I was able to win. I will enjoy this game and play it often.  I enjoyed it enough to look up other games from the same company. thanks for the fun.
B00622B3MY|5.0|This is much more mature than the previous movie but my 2 year old watches this all the time. We love it. Kechaw!
B006UG90RM|4.0|I believe that all of us VH fans have a romanticized vision of what VH was and of what we selfishly want them to be. I for one loved the original line-up with DLR and was very disappointed when he left. However, over time Sammy grew on me and I didn't really mind the Hagar era.<br />ADKOT returns to the party vibe where the music sounds, for lack of a better description...\\"happy\\". It took me back to the time when VH didn't take themselves too seriously and it was all about having a good time. Back in those days we didn't over analyze every nuance like production, mix, overall cheesiness or if it had more hooks than a tackle box. We also didn't spend a lot of time in front of a computer getting fat and full of ourselves. If it sounded good and passed the rigorous \\"Road Test\\" or the \\"Party Test\\" it was a winner!<br />Let's face it; it's been 28 years since the last album with DLR and plenty of time has since passed for the Classic VH LP's to be engrained in our psyche and lives. ADKOT is not great (by VH standards) but it is good...defiantly better than Diver Down and maybe even 1984 with their POP vibes (those albums were hammered when they were first released). I liked 10 out of 13 tracks which is 77%. Personal standouts for me were; She's the Woman, You and Your Blues, Blood and Fire, Outta Space, Big River & Stay Frosty. As for raiding their vault, a lot of bands have outtakes from their careers that have been reworked, improved and freshly released. I remember when John Fogerty was sued for sounding like himself *L*.<br />If these guys have lost a step or two, they are in their late 50's (with the exception of Wolfie). And yes, I do miss Mikey...but 'nuff said on that. With VH it always seems to be \\"damned if they do and damned if they don't\\"; either they experimented too much or they still sound the same...well you can't please everyone. However I'll bet dollars to donuts that if ADKOT was released as the successor to 1984 back in the day, it would have been very well received and considered a classic today.<br />Overall, I like the album and find myself bobbing my head, tapping my toes...and smiling.ved and considered a classic today.  Overall, I like the album and find myself bobbing my head, tapping my toes...and smiling.
B0058VW36U|5.0|We absolutely LOVE this app! It's great fun and my daughter and I have a blast problem solving the puzzles together. The little creature is so cute and his big eyed sad expression when you lose the candy makes you want to try even harder the next time. :)
B002MQYOFW|5.0|after reading half a dozen free kindle books and finally being disappointed with the level of writing, i turned to Suzanne Colins to pull back into the world of dedicated literally artists.  her visuals are astounding from the beaten down districts to glam and grandiose of the capitol finally the harshness of the games, you are truly seeing through the eyes of Katniss.  raw emotions, character develop with even minor characters  and a story that envelops you into the frenzy. i caught myself saying, whats katniss' first kill going to be like! i must know! lol  if any negative its the wait for the movie in march. ive grown such a fond attachment to Katniss and gang that id go nuts if they interpret it as twilight with real bloody fights. katniss and peeta with gale at home worries me on how lionsgate will portray it. collins being part of the writing team might keep the frantic mood intact.  on to book 2!
B000Q6GUTI|4.0|In all honesty I gave the movie a shot because ofcourse Kate Mara was in it. Not to mention I enjoyed seeing Danny Glover play the villian as well as Elias Koeteas, who in my opinion is very underrated. With that said in my opinion, we have seen movies like this before and I am having mixed feelings about Mark Whalbergs performance. Maybe it's just me but he seems like the same guy as of late out for revenge on the guys that did him wrong.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I downloaded many apps. for Solitaire, on various devices. ( Android cell phone, computers, etc..)  By far this is the best one out there.  I love that the app. gives me the choice of playing for fun or for serious thought.  Do yourself the favor of not having to download and remove several apps.  Go straight to this one :)  I gain nothing by this glowing review, other than to hope that others enjoy this ease of use application.  Enjoy!!!
B0054JZC6E|3.0|I love the mini games in this app, however, I unlocked the first two sets of games and now have run out of &quot;money&quot; to unlock others..either you pay real money or replay all if the mini games again to build up enough money to unlock new ones!  I just want to keep unlocking and playing new games...
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I can not say enough about this app. Not a day goes by that I don't use it. The different notebooks allow me to keep things organized into each area of my life. It syncs between my phone and kindle so i can make notes on the go to my phone and presto! they are on my Kindle for larger scale editing and access during presentations and meetings.
B004UHSB5A|5.0|Brings back memories. Make it 4 players optional and the max score 150. Other then that it's all good. Domino mf!!!!
B001EAWMGA|5.0|This movie caught me by surprise! I thought it would be some Sci Fi trash, it was really good and fun to watch. The special effects in this movie were great and the acting was not too bad either. I highly reccommend!!!
B0071QIN00|4.0|This game rocks! I absolutely love it! Totally worth it. If you like motorcycles u will love this. KINDEL FIRE baby!
B004UHSB5A|1.0|They do not include customizable features, they don't highlight dominoes that you can play, and they don't have online player to online player playing. These are things that most free apps come standard with.
B006PHD0RW|1.0|I bought this game for my kindle fire and now it wont even install DONT GET THIS FOR KINDLE FIRE!!!!
0811879542|5.0|Wish I had thought of this!  Everyone at our house likes this book, even 15 month old grandson who takes great joy in pressing the dots without benefit of the story!
B0054W4JQK|5.0|Upon recommendation from a good friend I was thrilled to find 'Before I Go To Sleep' as a Kindle book. Having just finished it after two sittings only, I have experienced heart-pounding suspense, dread, unease, fear and tears in this utterly gripping story. Never have I been \\"lost\\" so totally in a book before. S J Watson - you have hooked me!
B0063IH60K|5.0|I really needed something to do while I waited in the ER for results on testing. This was fun and took my mind off things for a while.
B006ON41FC|3.0|The game would be better if it did not prompt you to rate the app in the middle of play.
B006ON41FC|5.0|I got this when it was the free app of the day and I've played it almost everytime I get on my Kindle Fire.
B0067Q42BY|5.0|This is a fun version of mahjong... I really like the quest mode... Glad I got it as the free app!!!
032180354X|1.0|I must be honest here: I simply am not a fan of David Hobby to begin with. His attitude is one of \\"if you have a camera - you are a professional photographer\\". That's the exact type of elitist outlook(read: entitlement attitude) that sunk scores of web guys during the bubble burst at the turn of the millennium. Strobist? I say \\"no\\"ist. A better choice can be had in any of Scott Kelby's books.
B004LROMQG|5.0|Like perhaps so many others, I enjoy most series that deal with historical figures. Certainly, the story of king Arthur and his knights of the round table have quite a bit of mileage on them, so it's very refreshing to see and hear the story from a youthful point of view. Much like the series of Smallville, where we get to see Clark Kent as a teenager facing the challenges that will help him to grow into the fine man and hero to the people of the earth. The story of Arthur, Merlin, King Uther, Gwendolynn and Morgana depict the romance, the chivalry and the brutality of those times. It provides a means to escape into the story and forget about what's going on all around us in these, our times. I just found out that there will be, according to the internet, a fifth season for Merlin, and I am eagerly awaiting those episodes with much anticipation.
B000UJ48UO|3.0|Love the movie, and I believe there are enough reviews on it that I don't need to reprise.  But the video is grainy, and the sound is \\"canned\\" and lacks dynamics. I compared the vid to a few reference Blu-rays that I keep on hand from the same time-period, and this one is sorely lacking.  They will probably re-issue it in a year or two with a better transfer. until then, this is better than nothing!!!
B0063IH60K|4.0|A really fun easy game to play. I thought a free game wouldn't be so good, but this one is great!!
B0067Q42BY|5.0|I really like this game. It's colorful and has great graphics. There are several tilesets to choose from, many layouts and backgrounds.
044024367X|2.0|I can always depend on Lee Child to keep me up all night to finish Jack Reacher's latest \\"mission\\" to help in a desperate situation. But, not this time! After a thrilling, mysterious prologue, Child has Reacher in Colorado where he finds that there is little distance between the fictional towns of Hope and Despair - both in the physicality and allegorical senses.  All Reacher wanted was a cup of coffee. He is ignored, beaten up, thrown in jail, and driven back toward Hope after being convicted of vagrancy. He is picked up by Vaughn (Reacher's love interest in this novel) and driven back to the bus stop from where just mere hours before he had arrived. The pretty officer suggests Reacher to move along taking the next bus, but Reacher is determined to find out what the people of Despair are hiding, especially after he learns that a number of active servicemen disappear after traveling to the small town. Child throws in a doomsday sect and a mysterious metal recycling plant into the mix. Sounds good, but it really wasn't.  The sect and the plant were completely over the top. The villains were lackluster and I really didn't care about the predicament presiding over Despair.<br /><br />Child's overt political opinions didn't ring true to Reacher's character, especially at the end when he discovers the truth about the missing servicemen. Even if Jack has become more liberal in his world view, what he discovered couldn't have been accepted and dismissed that easily as an ex-MP. The conspiracy was so far -fetched that I couldn't by into it and was bored with the story. Jack Reacher is not the hero that I neither love nor respect any more. Why can't authors just leave their politics private and tell a damn good story these days? 2 Stars
1597801585|3.0|Interesting concepts and thought provoking ideas wrapping in a plodding story that didn't seem to ever build up steam. In a future world gone awry where corporations have monopolized the food industry by creating diseases to destroy crops, people work behind the scenes in a corrupt world of government agencies and corporate chicanery in southeast Asia, we are reminded that everything doesn't always go as planned no matter what the illusions of control might exist. The story may have moved a bit more smoothly had Bacigalupi not so often reiterated the conditions of the weather, the living conditions, and the general decrepitude of the world he asked us to visit.
B004J4WNL2|5.0|I have firsthand insight into the stigma of being an introvert in a pro-extrovert society. As a child, family and teachers wanted to change me, as if having a quiet nature made me somehow deficient. Even as an adult, I'm told I should \\"push myself\\" to be more outgoing. I'm completely at ease with myself and my lifestyle, though much of society doesn't think I should be.<br /><br />Susan Cain has put the introvert/extrovert issue in perspective, using situations and experiences all of us can relate to. Whether you are an introvert, an extrovert, or somewhere in between, this book will help you to better understand yourself, your friends, and the world we live in.
B004DMNT2W|4.0|Just received this case. It is well made and is well padded. But it is for smaller sized video cameras. The Panasonic 900 series will not fit in this case. I squeezed and squished and struggled and managed to get my pani in, but it felt like I was going to break the camera and it just won't fit. This is with the stock one hour battery.
B004XE0P5E|5.0|How can people say this is not a piece of art? I have basically everything vernon has recorded, and this sticks out as his best. its a unique and incredibly beautiful masterpiece. he made something that has been long out of style sound new again. and for the people who could not get over the fact that it was not like \\"For Emma,\\" look at this album as something totally different. I loved for Emma, and I still do. Artists change, and sometimes we have to deal with it.  I feel that this is just as personal as his first album, and I feel like he will probably not go back to the same kind of music he created in \\"For Emma\\". I say this is a good change, and I'm ready for whatever Vernon has for us next.
0312641893|5.0|Cinder is a freakin' brilliant take on the Cinderella fairytale! It was completely addicting, well paced, and featured a cast of unforgettable characters.<br /><br />I was pleasantly surprised to find that Cinder was a very strong character even though she was based on Cinderella. Despite her situation, she always took an active, not passive, approach to changing her life. She wasn't content with being her stepmother's doormat and I loved that about her! Being a cyborg, she was considered a lesser citizen of New Beijing, but she didn't let that hold her back. It was quite inspiring really. Her conversations with her android Iko kept things light and humorous. Though Iko wasn't human, it didn't keep her from having one of the most entertaining personalities in the bunch.<br /><br />While the love story isn't too prevalent in this book, it's definitely there. I loved that fact that it was subtle and didn't overshadow the main plot. I really liked Kai! He had a really good heart. He wanted what was best for his people even if it meant sacrificing his life and his happiness. He was such an honorable guy and a true leader.<br /><br />While the characters were fantastic, one aspect of the plot was extremely predictable! It wasn't exactly a small piece of the story either... Allow me to explain: When I say predictable, I don't mean something that you could predict based off of the Cinderella story. It was something completely different, but very integral to the story. I could understand predicting something from the Cinderella fairytale, but this was unrelated and pretty obvious from the beginning. Regardless, the predictability didn't take away from my enjoyment of the story! Another thing I found difficult about this book is that when it came to the setting, my imagination really had to come into play when thinking about what the city might look like. Meyer doesn't give the reader all that much description to go off of. Be prepared for a little legwork in this area!<br /><br />Despite a few flaws, I easily give Cinder 5 stars. I couldn't imagine a Cinderella retelling being any more original! I've certainly set myself up for torture knowing that I need to wait until next year for the second book...e Cinder 5 stars. I couldn't imagine a Cinderella retelling being any more original! I've certainly set myself up for torture knowing that I need to wait until next year for the second book...
B006E4QCXU|1.0|I bought this app based on its good reveries.after about 4 days I got a virus. I was so pissed!! I contacted amazon support and the virus came from this app. DON'T DOWNLOAD THIS APP!!!!!!
B000S88JTS|5.0|I saw this movie when it originally released in the theaters (now many years ago) and it was inspirational for me and since my parents were there, convinced them to let me start riding dirt bikes which they had earlier forbidden.  I rode dirt bikes for the next 6 years and raced motocross as well.  I don't ride anymore--too old now.  But I bought and watched this video with my wife and loved it all over again.  She got what I used to do as she had no idea.  The movie really shows what motorcycling is all about and if you want to get a good idea of it or want to show others where it is really at, show them this movie.  It shows it all and in a very good way.
B005T87QCI|4.0|I love this game!the graphics are good and the game is fun. where are the twin cities and atom and zeus? the game also needs a create your own robot setting.
0060920084|5.0|I very much enjoyed The Lost Continent. I have read 5 of Bryson's works, including Walk in the Woods, and I thought this was his funniest. I have lived in the West, and South, and the Midwest. I thought he was dead-on. If some people can't take the truth, and laugh at themselves, well that's their problem. Being suck out here in Sand Land, I appreciated the many laughs. Thanks Bill!
B00447G2PM|5.0|the most beautiful  nature gift to man. The 3-D effects are to much to even try to explain.  Its a must have for one's library. It is educational for all ages. The scenery is marvelous and it is truly in 3-D. I highly recommend
B006ON41FC|5.0|the game was fun but in the future it would be best to see more power ups. therefor more achievements. are in order likewise
0740797719|5.0|I learnt so much from this book - the author covers all aspects of painting light and colour in well set out two page spreads. His own art illustrates the text and is a treat to take time examining.
B0067Q42BY|5.0|This game looks great on my Kindle Fire, and works without a glitch.  There's a storyboard with it, but I just skip over that.  The tiles change design as you move through new \\"places,\\" which keeps the game fresh & fun.  You get awards for speed, not using hints, and not using special \\"wild\\" tiles.  Addictive!
B0067Q42BY|4.0|Sure you get the list of other games the developer made at the start of the app, but once you get pass that with a single click, the game is smooth and enjoyable on the Transformer. The campaign mode is easy so far, will have to wait for a lot more levels to ee if it gets any more challenging.
078322947X|4.0|Following the exorcist I thinks folks were looking for a scare instead of suspence and the film delivered little scare and much suspense.  Taken for what it is rather than what you thought it would be, it is a great movie.  some scenes are just impossible to film and the suspense is palpable
B000W1TOW2|5.0|38 years after 'Blood on the Tracks' was recorded in 1974, it still stands by common consent as the all-time masterpiece in a life-long career of excellence rarely equalled by any other performer. The songs are as poignant and powerful today as they were in those long-gone Nixon-Ford days when in 1975, this - the original 33rpm vinyl record - hit the streets to the delight of Dylan's millions of devotees and won new converts to his lyrical songwriting and powerful delivery. It's a great, great album, and it hasn't even aged.<br /><br />Much has been made of the marriage break-up of Dylan and Sara Lownds in 1974 as the background to the extraordinary writing on BOtT and it's even been stated that several of the songs are specifically about her. Dylan - and other people close to him - deny this. But for sure, something in 1974 caused him to give birth to his most poignant, poetic, extraordinary and enduring lyrical writing.<br /><br />The follow-up album 'Desire' contains a track called `Sara': they even considered re-marriage in the 1980s.<br /><br />Most fans would agree that Bob's career, though always interesting, contains a few best-forgotten moments. If you're of a later generation and don't know Dylan's work very well, this is a good place to start and might be a revelation: there's not a mediocre track on the album. BOtT is best listened to as a complete work of art from beginning to end.<br /><br />There's humour too, especially on `Lily, Rosemary and the Jack of Hearts' with a catchy, upbeat rhythm as backdrop to the unfolding narrative told through the eyes of Bob-the-storyteller, Bob-the-observer as he wryly describes the life-changing consequences a cleverly planned bank raid in a small town have for three characters as their lives are impacted by the gang-leader, the `Jack of Hearts' - an unlikely premise, but one which works. Economy of lyrical writing, witty and clever, it will likely bring a smile to your face every time you hear it and showcases Dylan's literate, clever observational storytelling to balance out the anger and heartache which accumulates through many of the other songs.<br /><br />`Rolling Stone' lists BOtT as number 16 in the 500 greatest albums ever in history, by any artist. You bet.n's literate, clever observational storytelling to balance out the anger and heartache which accumulates through many of the other songs.<br /><br />`Rolling Stone' lists BOtT as number 16 in the 500 greatest albums ever in history, by any artist. You bet.
1451627289|5.0|I bought this book with great anticipation. And it didn't let me down. This book, with great detail and accurate historical information will make you believe you are reliving in the 50's. A great book, and will go down as Stephen Kings most powerful novel.  Read this before Hollywood decides to make this a movie!
B005JE7WKI|4.0|i was not going to rent this, but then i read the reviews. yes, it is very funny. thank you amazon reviewers. without you i might have missed this little gem,
B0067Q42BY|3.0|its an ok game, but its nice for free game. I wouldn't pay for it cause it will probably be erased once I run out of space on my phone.
1594202842|5.0|This book was fantastic. I am very impressed by the effort that Amy put into her daughters.  If you have kids, I feel that you have to go at it 100% with them as far as nurturing, and guiding  them into becoming productive, and forward moving young men and women..  The home may be tough, but the real world is a million times tougher. So preparing them as much as you can at home, is the best way..  Keeping them busy is the only way to get this done.  So Kudos to Amy Chua.  GREAT JOB!!!
0439813786|5.0|The story in this unique book is told through  a blend  of text and art.  The book would be good to read to or be read by a child transitioning from picture books to text, to help build vocabulary, and would be great to engage the interest of older children who normally don't like to read ( I believe they would pick it up to read by themselves after a couple chapters have been read to them).  It would be useful to read to the grandchildren on a rainy day or plane ride, and a good book for a 9 to 12-year-old  to read by themselves  This mixture of written word and illustrations would also work well  for a bedtime story over time to a 5 or 6 year-old because  the sections of the story told through illustrations would keep re-sparking  a child's attention and active interest in the tale.<br />This is a simplistic written story of a young boy that is greatly enhanced by beautiful, sketches, rich in detail and texture, that portray additional parts of the story. As another reviewer said, the use of black and white in the illustrations gives a mysterious feel to the early 1900's events and are often sequenced like frames in silent black and white movies (also an integral part of the story)  After reading the story, it is especially enlightening to go back and study the illustrations to truly appreciate their quality and find the delightful details usually missed the first time through.<br />The story is one of hope, dreams, friendship, loyalty, compassion, invisibility, empowerment to \\"fix it\\" (broken machines and people) by oneself as well as through friendship and family.  However, an adult might want to discuss with a child the lack of merit in the deceptions, lying, stealing of the children in the story.  An adult would be especially interested in the true information on the dreamlike style of the works of a pre-1900's silent filmmaker/artist,  the early 1900's setting and the role of those who maintained clocks. The book brings to light the magician/filmmaker, the clockmaker/gadget inventor  and the existence of amazing, ingenious, intricate, and complex automations invented in the era that could serve to inspire the interest of a child in automation.  The acknowledgements and credits at the end, increase the readers awareness  of the historical aspects of the book.  I saw no metaphors or symbolism in the work that was mentioned by other readers.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I have purchased several different Bible translations to read on my Kindle, including the One Year Bible.  This is by far superior to ANY e-book or online version that I have ever used.  There are many translations available to choose from, including many of the most popular, New Living Translation, New International Version, New American Standard, etc.  The only drawback is that you must have wi-fi connectivity in order to access those translations.  There are also a number of translations that you can download for free to use when you have no internet access available.  I have downloaded several translations for reading when I do not have Wi-Fi access.  I have set up the daily reminder feature - I love getting those! This app truly has been a blessing!  You will not regret this purchase!
B004UHSB5A|1.0|I'm a little confused on how this works. I've become frustrated with the fact that I cannot seem to add pepperoni to my pizza. Please fix this, as I find this app completely useless unless I can customize my pizza the way I want it.
B003YL4LYI|2.0|I was quite excited for the latest installment following the rather dull forth book but was yet again disappointed. The chapters are excessively over-stuffed with pointless text surrounding minuscule hints at the actual story line.
1567184855|5.0|A great take on a very interesting subject.  This book made a lot of sense to me and filled in a number of questions I had about the afterlife, looking forward to reading the other two.
B004RJMUJO|4.0|I loved it so much until Feint came up. It's definitely better than other games with Feint. Totally download. Just listen to me
B006ON41FC|5.0|I got this app when it was the FAOTD and have been playing it every day since then. I would highly recommend it.
B0063GORYU|5.0|This is an amazing game.  I'm sooo addicted to it!  I play twenty four seven! (: I don't know what other game could be better!
B002JWD6AS|3.0|Grace and Sam, two young people in love with impossible odds against them ever being together.  I enjoyed listening to this book. At first, I must admit the readers voice of Sam threw me. I guess that's why I don't listen to the audio versions often.  It changes how I would hear the characters in my head when I read it.  After a while I got used to his voice and I was able to get into the story.<br /><br />This was the first book that I read about werewolves changing based on the temperature outside. Usually it's the full moon, this was different. In this book, cold = wolf, warm = human until eventually they are no longer able to turn back into their human forms.  The pack mentality is strong and so is the despair that Sam feels. He is lonely and brooding.  Grace is naive and lonely.  They both seem consumed with each other from the time Grace was \\"attacked\\" by Sam's pack when she was a child. Since she was bitten, Grace has been obsessed with the wolves and Sam with her.<br /><br />The other characters in the book are almost muted. What I mean by that is, the other characters are all secondary. Necessary for the story to develop, but unfortunately they are forgettable.  To the point where I don't really recall their names! Terrible, I know.<br /><br />This book is perfect for YA readers.  Teenage angst, check.  First love, check.  Basically, the perfect formula for young adult readers.  Yet the story was interesting enough for adult readers to also enjoy.  On the downside, if you are looking for some action and excitement from the wolf pack, basically, there is none.  There are no fight scenes, no running from the bad guy, etc.<br /><br />I'll be listening to the 2nd installment of this series very soon and I'm hoping for a more action with the wolves and growth between Sam and Grace as I assume they will be a little older.  I am also hoping to get more from the secondary characters and to get more than one storyline going on at once.<br /><br />Visit my book review website: [...]
B004Y1WCDE|5.0|I use it to watch videos at night on my Kindle fire via a wireless network.<br /><br />It works perfectly.  No lag, no issues.  Fantastic program.  Even remembers where you left off on a video even if you watch it on a plex on another device.
B006ON41FC|4.0|good jrhryryrrhr in jvrj iejr iebrur Jd Hebe iebeie iebehe iehehdud idveuwv weudh eh leger iehe yr if jrhkrh eke
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I think that the whole idea of 101 games in 1is genius, best free game I ever got I also really like how you have to unlock games
B001FW58D6|5.0|I was never a \\"Lost\\" fan and was skeptical about this series.  In fact I made the conscious decision not to watch it. Then one night during season two I caught an episode and was so impressed that I signed onto Amazon bought the first season and a pass for season two.  Now I own the first three seasons, have a pass for the current season and I hope there will be at least three more.
B005LL4U54|4.0|I loved the movie and the music is a great way to remember the movie and how wonderful it is.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|games are good and very entertaining. I play it every day I get off from work. kids love it too.
B006ON41FC|5.0|i love this app. i downloaded it when it was free and have been addicted ever since., works well for the kindle fire.
B00488SU02|5.0|Great movie, excellent ending!! WOW!!  You won't regret renting this movie, the ending is phenomenal, give it a go and you won't be upset!!!!  Go for it, you will not be disappointed, Spacey is as good as he always is!!!
B0067Q42BY|5.0|I downloaded this game when it was free.  I love it.  It's a lot of fun and very challenging. Works great on Kindle Fire.
B003VI0PZI|3.0|I viewed the release on DVD and thought the production values were pretty high. Good color, lighting and detail even if moody. Received the Blu Ray version today and was pleasantly surprised at how much better is this transfer.<br /><br />Spoilers! This is basically a dialog driven movie. No big explosions. No huge fires. But there is a good bit of violence. Most of the action takes place in one set. This is definitely an adult movie.<br /><br />Corky \\"sort of\\" meets Violet in the elevator. Later they get together in Violets Apt. but are interrupted by Violet's mob boyfriend. Later again they have a steamy episode in Corky's place.<br /><br />The bookkeeper has been skimming from the mob and is found out. Tortured he reveals the location and the money is brought back to Violet and Ceasar's apt. Violet wants out of the life, she enlists the aid of ex-con Corky who just happens to be a good thief. The girls make their plans. The plans go sideways as plans do. Several murders, mayhem, bondage and torture sessions ensue. The girls are in deep do do when, aha, one manages an escape and leads Ceasar on a foot chase. The other one frees herself and more mayhem follows. Finally Ceasar catches a fatal dose of lead poisoning and the girls get away with two million dollars. Mob dollars. Yep that's what they do alright, alright. As if. I like this movie a lot. The torture scenes are a little difficult to watch, even if they are mild scenes. But this is only a movie, right?<br /><br />There are two language tracks, French dubbed with a French subtitles option, and the original English. No English subtitles. One must click on VERSIONS in the menu, select the second option DTS 5.1. The French track is in stereo. It has extras but at this writing I haven't discovered a way to open them. Will add to this when I do.
B004UHSB5A|1.0|pretty bad app. poor interface. the algoritm dsnt work well either. unnstall.. pretty bad app. poor interface. the algoritm dsnt work well either. unnstall..
B00127RAJY|5.0|Jillian knows her stuff! She wants people to be fit and healthy, but she understands we don't have hours to spend at the gym a week.  The setup of the workout -- strength, cardio, abs -- gets results and fast by burning fat at its maximal level.  I love many things about her, but what I appreciate most is that her workout is grounded in the science of burning fat and not some mumbo-jumbo program that isn't backed with scientific evidence to be effective.  I HIGHLY recommend these workouts! I have played sports and worked out all my life (i.e. spinning, Zumba, weight training, kickboxing), including a half and full marathon this past year, and out of all these physical activities, this is the one thing that has showed me visible results in the shortest amount of time (2-3 weeks).  Despite how active I am, it has always been hard for me to tone, but let me tell you...this gets it done!  Plus, you don't need to spend an exhorbitant amount of money on a gym membership!  Do yourself a favor and do your body good -- workout with Jillian!! She's fantastic!
B005HSG3VK|5.0|I bought this little case for my wife's brand new kindle fire.  She wanted something \\"pink\\", and while there were other options, she also wanted something that wasn't going to add much bulk to the tiny device.  This case fit the bill perfectly.  The case is extremely lightweight, fits snug and gives some protection from little fingers (we have a 2 year old), while also providing a rubberized \\"grippy\\" feel to the fire.  Quality feels good, fits snug, looks good, and performs well.  She liked it so much she recommended it to my dad, who in turn bought the black one and is also pleased with the case.
B0068TL23G|3.0|On my Kindle Fire the game seems to hangup on the opening screen.  It will say \\"SAMMYLAND\\" and will not continue.  Sometimes after multiple attempts I can actually play the game.  Reinstalling always takes you back to the first level and you never know when it will crash again.  Wish someone would fix this Bug.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is so awesome I wish I could play it all the time and some of it is hard and some of it is not but is it very awesome
B003F3NEBG|5.0|Best presentation of the book I have ever seen. Stays closest to the story even though it lends a few extra dialogue to help the viewer understand the emotion carried that only reading the book could make it really come across. All the actors are superb. Each Taylor made to fit their parts. Must watch!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game app keeps me busy on long buesness trips I recemend this for anybody under the age of 30
B0054JZC6E|4.0|lots of cool games but quality was not as great as I.hoped. the kindle game play is a little goofy, but its still. pretty good.
B005Y423ZC|5.0|I heard first heard and saw Adele on a \\"Graham Norton Show\\" broadcast and decided I had to buy her album \\"21.\\"  Liked it, but found this CD/DVD combo about a month later and went for it.  I am so-o-o glad that I did.  The additional cover songs are great and Adele's warm, bubbly personality comes shining through on the DVD.  Although her voice is not at its best, it's live and I don't expect live performances to match the vocal perfection she could have in a studio version of the songs.  But, with her providing narration on the background of creating her songs and choosing others' songs to cover, this DVD concert is a real treat.  Adele wakes me up on my clock radio (this version) and she seranades me everyday in my car, when I'm not pausing the telly every now and then to watch a song or two from this DVD.  Perfection as entertainment.  I am a sucker for singers like Westlife and Adele who don't need gimmicks, just their voices, to serenade and satisfy.  Brava, Adele!
B005I4JG80|5.0|This book is very enlightening and sheds light on several subjects pertaining to raising a baby.  I like that the author comes from a very 'American' perspective and gives us a good grounding on her background, her thoughts, and her reactions to various parenting.  One thing I really like is she admits when she's generalizing.  She also gives backgrounds on various techniques and their authors both from NA and from Europe.  I'm married to a Frenchman and I can see many of the things that come second nature to the French that are more difficult to grasp as a North American - the whole concept of patience, talking to your child in a rational manner, accepting that a child's path is one of discovery.  These are things that come naturally to my in-laws.  This book helps you take a step back from all the propaganda and arguments out there - and lets you make up your own mind as to whether the different methods have merit or not.  It also makes us question the \\"WHY\\" do we do what we do when we do.  Its also a good smooth read.  An easy read.  But not necessarily something that I would give my husband to read since she does dive into personal details sometimes before getting to the point.  I find this interesting, but I think he would probably lose patience with the book.  I would recommend this book to any new mother.
B0053YGYO4|2.0|I bought this cd with only one thought in mind:  Coldplay made this, it has to be good.  I was introduced to Coldplay through their X&Y album, and after listening to nothing else for the next 6 months went out and bought their other albums.  When Viva came out I have to admit I was pretty disappointed, mostly because of the political ingredients they were mixing into some of their songs.  Then came Mylo Xyloto.  It didn't sound like Coldplay.  Only 3 songs from my cd made it to the mp3 player.  I don't like pop, and thats what MX is.  I hope they tone it down on the next album.
B006ON41FC|5.0|going nuts is the best game that I ever played.  it is so fun and exciting and tricky at the same time.
0060873027|2.0|This book is just not up to his previous standard.  I found myself wanting it to be over, so I could move on to something else.
B0067Q42BY|5.0|great game. got it as a free app of the day, but its well worth the money to pay for it.
6305428042|4.0|By now, most people have seen this movie at least once - and likely several times on TV.  I give it four stars only because it was toned down in the scare factor department.  But, then, it's supposed to be fun for kids and adults, so, it's a Thackery Binx whisker away from a five. The movie is imaginative, very good lines and can be seen all throughout the year and not grow tiresome.  Bette Middler does a great job as Winnie, the eldest sister.  A black cat, magic spells and witches riding broomsticks a mop and a vacuum cleaner add to the fun of this yarn set in Salem.  So, enjoy this film over and over - and don't let a virgin light that Black Flame Candle!
B0054JZC6E|1.0|App does not work on vision tablet. The controls are backward and unresponsive. Otherwise has potential to be a great time waster.
B0062NAVXA|5.0|THIS IS THE KIND OF MOVIE THAT EVERY FATHER HAS TO WATCH AT LEAST ONCE , GREAT VIDEO GREAT MOVIE !!!
B004UHSB5A|3.0|It's not too bad of a game.  It can get frustrating when you go to place a tile and it doesn't stay put.  But I just have to remember to place the tile in the middle of the tile I want mine to be placed against.  I, personally, don't think instructions are necessary. It's not difficult to figure out how to play.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|good. games. perfect price. good for any one in the family. lots of games to choose from, all in every level.
B005J4TLQG|5.0|Go see this film.<br /><br />For a film featuring a parade of debutants - the main actors are all feature film novices, as is the director Joe Cornish - this is an assured performance indeed. Assured in the craft with which it has been put together, and assured in the confidence it has in its own identity as a piece of real south London life (despite principally concerning and invasion of blind, luminous-toothed alien gorillas!) I say \\"south London\\" because this unendingly fascinating city is like anyone else's country, and Attack the Block captures the badlands south of the river the same way as Nick Frost and Simon Pegg's Crouch End zombie movie [[ASIN:1848566786 Shaun of the Dead]] captures the north. They're very different places.<br /><br />For my money (and notwithstanding I live around the corner from the Crouch End high street) Attack the Block is by far the superior film. In any case, it makes no compromises for American audiences: for this to have a show in the US it will need subtitles. Perhaps they could release it as an Art-House movie and call it a foreign language.<br /><br />Every facet is skilfully crafted. Cornish's direction is witty and imaginative but most of all exquisitely paced: whenever things promise to get out of control (and when your subject is alien invasion, invariably they must) Cornish pulls everything back from the brink and re-injects some banter to calm things down and re-prime. The banter is all delivered in that odd Brixton patois that will be completely unintelligible to people who are over 25 or hail from outside the M25. The cinematography and camera work is neat, too: clever use of aerial shots and well handled chase scenes lead into superbly old fashioned approach to special effects: rather than flaunt the saccharine wonders of CGI, Cornish reduces his aliens to black balls of fur (like, so black you can't even see them - a touch Douglas Adams would be proud of) with luminous teeth. As directors used to do, Cornish and prefers lighting, cutting, music and the viewer's own inference over Pentium Processors to generate suspense. As a consequence, there is plenty.<br /><br />Steven Price's score is impressive, is used with wit and verve, and Basement Jaxx (also feature film debutants) contribute a superb pulsing soundtrack.<br /><br />Joe Cornish's screenplay is similarly assured. I did think he'd painted himself into a corner: once the luminous-toothed gorillas had arrived en masse there was no obvious resolution other than [[ASIN:B00006RHU4 Braindead]] style mayhem with a lawnmower, but Cornish expertly pulled in a seemingly incidental sequence early in the film to set the film on its path to resolution. No lawnmowers required.<br /><br />But most impressive is the acting: the ensemble case of amateur kids is flat out brilliant and each times his lines to the nanosecond. The professionals complement them without ever grandstanding (Nick Frost is admirably restrained in a supporting role) and Luke Treadaway, dealing with a peach of a role as a try-hard posh kid buying his weed from the estate in his dad's Volvo, nails his role. Treadaway's expressions, pacing and delivery are worth the price of admission alone. Or would be, were the price of admission not already fully covered by the performance of John Boyega as Moses. Boy has this young fellow got Charisma to burn: If Boyega sticks at it, he is destined for big things: a smouldering, brooding, enigmatic presence: you read it here first.<br /><br />Lastly, Attack the Block respectfully tips its hat without ever being derivative. The block is called Wyndham House. Cornish cites the influence of 1980s \\"alien\\" movies like [[ASIN:B0009UCEV4 E.T. - The Extra Terrestrial]]. It has had some effect: the kids trawl round the estate on their bikes like a sort of dark inversion of Elliot's pals. They mug people, sell drugs, and when they discover an alien they don't befriend it: they kick its head in.<br /><br />An all-round treat, therefore: byturns Attack the Block will have you laughing, wincing, on the edge of your seat, and jumping three feet out of it: the shocks are doozies, in a knowing sort of way: you know you're about to get a fright (in that unlucky-Alf-casually-meandering-up-to-an-open-manhole sort of a way) but when it comes, as you know it will, it jazzes you all the same.<br /><br />I loved this film. In an oasis of formulaic, cheap-shot lazy drama, this is a thoroughly welcome return to honest, old fashioned film craft, with no particular compromises in the name of commercial success.<br /><br />Go see this film.<br /><br />Olly Buxton<br />Flickfeast, and jumping three feet out of it: the shocks are doozies, in a knowing sort of way: you know you're about to get a fright (in that unlucky-Alf-casually-meandering-up-to-an-open-manhole sort of a way) but when it comes, as you know it will, it jazzes you all the same.  I loved this film. In an oasis of formulaic, cheap-shot lazy drama, this is a thoroughly welcome return to honest, old fashioned film craft, with no particular compromises in the name of commercial success.  Go see this film.  Olly Buxton  Flickfeast
B004UHSB5A|5.0|works as advertised. I don't know why people are having problems with placing bones. Xoom and gs2 no problems. twenty
B005TPCQ5I|3.0|Confession: in preparation for this preview, my wife instructed me to read David Nicholls' runaway best seller One Day, on which this film is based. I got no more than a couple of pages in before flinging the book aside in horror and exasperation. Not my kind of book. Its core constituency is thirty and forty-something women (a more elegant phrase my wife objects to is \\"women in their middle years\\"), an electorate with whom I have a great deal of familiarity but of which I have no real comprehension.<br /><br />This puts me at two disavantages: one, not having read the book, I'm not able to judge the independent quality of the film against it (though the screenplay is written by the author); and two, it's hardly likely to be my sort of film anyway.<br /><br />And nor is it.<br /><br />One Day is a sort of updated [[ASIN:B0006TL9RS Bridget Jones's Diary]]. Emma Morely (an accent-mangling Anne Hathaway) is a frumpy, working class, right-on, bespectacled poet who, in the dying moments of a university capping booze-up stumbles into Dexter Mayhew (Jim Sturgess). He's a handsome, posh, bounder. Other than passing out of tertiary education and into the big wide world concurrently they have nothing in common but still contrive to spend a cramped single evening on a cramped single bed: a brief relationship which against her better judgment - and his baser intentions - they do not consummate. They do, somehow, manage to plant seeds of a different sort, and a mystical bond of friendship forms, which we trace through the subsequent trajectories of their lives.<br /><br />The device Nicholls employs to achieve this is revisiting them on the anniversary of their meeting, St. Swithin's Day, in each year for the next twenty or so. It is a neat contrivance which presents its own narrative challenges, and Nicholls' screenplay deals with them well, although as an aside, it does miss a fairly obvious beat: conventional wisdom has it that on \\"St Swithin's Day if thou dost rain, for forty days it will remain\\", so there's an element of metaphorical permanence attaching to this day - a bright red cue, you would think, for Nicholls to have it rain. Except that he doesn't. And, when Dex recounts this rhyme, he caddishly fudges it and says \\"St Swithin's day blah blah blah rain, blah blah blah remain\\". What Nicholls thought he was doing with this particular piece of screenwriting I have no idea. But it points up his laziness surprisingly.<br /><br />Nontheless the mystical permanence is established, and Emma and Dexter set off on 20 year-long character arcs. As convention requires, they are precise inversions of each other: Emma struggles nobly as the shift manager of a crappy Mexican restaurant and writes unpublished poetry in a grimy flat while Dex lands a job as a presenter of a vacuous but glamorous late night TV show and proceeds to embrace a lifetime of cocaine and floozies. Just as you wonder where it all went wrong, Dex falls to Earth, and Emma gets her publishing deal and finally begins to rise above it. Throughout all his peccadilloes and her drudgery, their improbable bond remains - never consummated, but we meander ever more closely to it. As we go, minor characters enrich the story; Patricia Clarkson is particularly good as Dexter's dying mother, and Rafe Spall battles gamely with a poorly written love-interest for Hathaway.<br /><br />For all that, I had a hard time buying the central relationship. And this film, and the novel, stands or falls on it: it needs the leading characters and their motivations to be credible. For the film to remain engaging, we need to really root for Emma and Dexter: they need, almost, to be heroic lovers overcoming tribulations of an almost Ancient Greek dimension. But Nicholls' screenplay doesn't deliver this, and nor do the actors compensate: Sturgess has some charisma but is no Colin Farrell. His character is for the most part a shallow bounder who does nothing to earn Emma's initial emotional investment, much less her ongoing forbearance. Hathaway's Emma is just a bit wet, even if she has traveled the length and breadth of the Isles to assemble her accent (could they really not find an English actress to play this role?), and was made up so frumpily that, on occasion she resembled Michael Sheen in drag.<br /><br />Nonetheless Emma and Dexter finally, properly, intersect in a surprisingly clumsy scene in Paris. If you're part of the core constituency and have been properly swept up, Dexter and Emma's act of consummation may thrill you: I'm not; I found it postively icky.<br /><br />There are some predictable plot twists (the big one was telegraphed a mile off) while other story beats (such as why Emma leaves her French Lover and finally returns to Dexter, having just rejected him) are not expounded at all. This is disconcerting.<br /><br />As the film limps to its conclusion it remains difficult to see the appeal of this story, no matter how cleverly it may have been told. Dexter isn't charismatic enough or likeable enough to justify Emma's ongoing commitment. Emma isn't interesting or tragic enough for us to feel truly sorry for her.<br /><br />This isn't a bad film: there are one or two nicely framed shots: Patricia Clarkson leaning into her son's shoulder at an ivy-clad window, particularly, is a resonant image. But it isn't an especially good film, either. For sure, winsome romances aren't my thing, but I can still appreciate a fully character driven film, and this rarely gets above merely workmanlike. Ultimately, there wasn't enough of a connection between the central characters for this film to carry the day.<br /><br />Olly Buxton<br />(Flickfeast)t wet, even if she has traveled the length and breadth of the Isles to assemble her accent (could they really not find an English actress to play this role?), and was made up so frumpily that, on occasion she resembled Michael Sheen in drag.  Nonetheless Emma and Dexter finally, properly, intersect in a surprisingly clumsy scene in Paris. If you're part of the core constituency and have been properly swept up, Dexter and Emma's act of consummation may thrill you: I'm not; I found it postively icky.  There are some predictable plot twists (the big one was telegraphed a mile off) while other story beats (such as why Emma leaves her French Lover and finally returns to Dexter, having just rejected him) are not expounded at all. This is disconcerting.  As the film limps to its conclusion it remains difficult to see the appeal of this story, no matter how cleverly it may have been told. Dexter isn't charismatic enough or likeable enough to justify Emma's ongoing commitment. Emma isn't interesting or tragic enough for us to feel truly sorry for her.  This isn't a bad film: there are one or two nicely framed shots: Patricia Clarkson leaning into her son's shoulder at an ivy-clad window, particularly, is a resonant image. But it isn't an especially good film, either. For sure, winsome romances aren't my thing, but I can still appreciate a fully character driven film, and this rarely gets above merely workmanlike. Ultimately, there wasn't enough of a connection between the central characters for this film to carry the day.  Olly Buxton  (Flickfeast)
B0040FVR2G|5.0|In 3 words:  Supernatural is super!  In more than 3 words:  Season 1, the Pilot is super and definitely a must-see for anyone who is even remotely considering watching this show, or who started watching it later on.  I recommend it even for those who have not considered watching the show, but wonder why many of us love it.  The first episode shows the deep connection/bond between Dean and Sam, and keeps us connected/bonded with them.  I had not watched the show when it first premiered, but I saw a few episodes, borrowed some dvds, and then purchased all the seasons (when they were on a great sale).  I even got my husband hooked on the series, and now he and I watch it together (which is great for us bonding!), and often our college-age daughter watches it with us.  I do not like horror, thriller shows, yet I love Supernatural because I see it more as a show about 2 brothers saving the world and each other, with great humor/bantering thrown in to make us laugh in the middle of all the seriousness!  (can't end this without saying that it would be nice if they bring Bobby and Castiel back!)  Watch the Pilot on Amazon's Instant Video and see for yourself!
B004LWZWBU|4.0|This was a very enjoyable adventure!  I care nothing for bird watching myself but you don't need to in order to enjoy this story. The characters are very likable, there is humor, heart-warming moments, adventure, with some great scenery, and it's a good clean story you can enjoy with anyone.<br /><br />\\"The Big Year\\" is a contest started in 1900 among fanatical bird-watchers to see who can spot the most varieties of birds in a year in North America.  Owen Wilson is a former \\"Big Year\\" winner and current record holder.  Steve Martin and Jack Black have been dreaming of the adventure and excitement of this competition for some time and have decided this is their year to go after the win, and to break Owens record.<br /><br />To be a true competitor in this you not only have to seriously know your stuff about the birds to be able to identify them by sight and/or by sound, it also requires you to chase all over North America  (lots of travel time, lots of expense and little luxury).  Flying, driving, boats, helicopters, bicycling, canoeing, hiking, bad weather, mosquitoes, etc. are all part of the chase for collecting those precious bird sightings.<br /><br />Owen is rich and lets nothing get in the way of his quest, and is somewhat crafty/devious in hindering others who might be competition for his record.  Steve is also wealthy and is supposed to be retired, but his corporation is constantly after his time and pulling him away from the quest, and Jack is not wealthy and is trying to compete while also working full time and dealing with a father who doesn't understand him and is very disapproving of Jack.<br /><br />Steve and Jack become friends and later \\"team up\\" (supporting each other's efforts - as it is a competition among individuals not teams) because as much as they each desperately want the win for themselves, it's most important that Owen lose.  It's a close competition and there is plenty going on in their personal lives too.  It's a very enjoyable movie.
B0063IH60K|5.0|The best free solitaire app out there. The navigation is simple and the options of play are many. Download this right away.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love having access to all the different translations of the Bible, and the plans make it so easy to spend time in the Word every day. Definitely my favorite app.
B0051UP5NQ|5.0|Excellent app :) I must say it is one of the best apps for working there is. If not the best there is.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|good for free purchase. It takes a long time to buy all the games with points. fun when you have nothing to do.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is awesome but is hard and fun.  ya know you guys should make it easier. anyway good game
B006ON41FC|5.0|excellent ,this game is insanely addictive and I cant put it down. I recommend this to anyone and everyone. go fricken nuts yo.
B003K1EYM6|1.0|Kit is awesome.  It helped me hook up a wireless microphone (m audio producer) and keyboard (m audio) to use with GarageBand.  Provided a solution which I didn't think existed,  great product!!
B0054JZC6E|3.0|it was free so u cant complain sum good games. easy to level up to the new games easy to earn coins. most games are pretty goofy tho
B004HW7JMY|5.0|Todo muy bien excelente todo llego a tiempo y disfrute la serie , espero seguir comprando series en este portal
B0071XO8RA|5.0|This book/series was the most interesting thing I have read in a long while! I was bored at work and looking for free things to read.  I downloaded the first book for free and immediately got hooked. I bought all 5 of these books in this Omnibus Edition.  I read the whole series in a day in a half.  I am definitely recommmending it to my friends and family.
B002VPE1WK|4.0|It's good but needs more padding.  I had my camera body, flash and three extra lenses and Sat the bag down on the ground normally, not with any harsh force, and it was standing like it looks in the display picture, and I had my 70-200 lens with filter facing downward.  I heard a quiet snap from in the bag when I set it down but thought nothing of it.  A week later I went to use that lens and noticed the filter had been cracked.  I knew it was from putting the bag down like that because I hadn't moved the bag the whole week and there were no other explanations. But the price compared to the Canon bag, and the reviews I read all made me go with this bag and i am happy with it for the most part, aside from having to store all my lenses in it differently now to prevent anymore cracks.
B005FISBV2|2.0|Every one and every thing will eventually let you down, and for me, Dexter did that in spades with Season 6.  Dexter is one of the few shows I eagerly look forward to, but that is tempered now.  Its strengths are its ability to imbue empathy for a serial killer and challenge your assumptions but season 6 challenges nothing.  It evokes little but boredom.  It is predictable and heavy handed.  I have no need or want to own this season, despite having all the previous years.  I KNOW if you havent seen this yet, you will side-step this review.  I can only suggest you be patient and rent it from the library or borrow it from a friend.  Season Six of Dexter is regrettable.  As frustratingly bad as the sixth season of LOST.  Perhaps HBO has it right in ending a lot of their shows in 5 years.  Let's hope for the best for season 7 and 8 (confirmed).
B004UHSB5A|2.0|this app would be a whole lot better if it would show the updated status on my pizza delivery order.
B000WIMTAY|2.0|The price was excellent but I could not play the DVDs on my DVD players because they were \\"out of region.\\"
B001E45XT4|5.0|I got mine for $25 and it's way better than my old one.  Sounds great.  Con: I pretty sure its my sounds card but there is interference depending on which game I'm playing.
B004GUSG4M|3.0|People Magazine highly recommended this book so I decided to read it.  I almost didn't finish it, it was very slow moving.  I would not recommend this book to anyone.
0800141660|3.0|This is a good production of the old story.  Good actors and nice costuming and setting.  Good viewing for a wet Sunday afternoon!
0061969656|3.0|I love Cornwell. While I haven't read his Sharpe series, I breezed through his Arthurian trilogy and have eagerly awaited each installment in the Saxon series.  The reason I give this three stars is because something has been lost in the telling of the tale of Uhtred. I remember sympathizing with him when Bebbanburg was taken by his uncle and anticipating him re-taking the \\"fortress by the sea\\", but as the story has gone on, I feel like the dream I loved to read about is getting further and further away. He has now slain, foiled, and ended the rampaging of more kings/jarls/warlords I can remember, but seems no closer to the ultimate goal than he did in the third book.  The way Cornwell writes about battles is truly inspiring, but I can't help but feel that these battles have become meaningless and silly. I'm hoping the next book gives some more life back to this series.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This app is extremely useful for keeping up with your reading. I have been more diligent in sustaining a reading plan (of which there are MANY to choose from). This app also reminds you to stick with a designated time you would like to read the Bible. This is sort of an alarm feature that you could disable, but actually can be very helpful. Very good app overall.
B000IVW25M|5.0|GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE. HAD A LITTLE PROBLEM WITH MY MAIL SERVICE SO I CALLED THESE GUYS BACK AND THEY TOOK CARE OF ME NO QUESTIONS ASKED. IM VERY WELL TAKE CARE OF AND I APPRECIATE HOW FAST AND EASY THEY TOOK CARE OF ME. THANKS AGAIN.
B0024RIMBG|5.0|I would give this more stars if I could.  The scenery, music, everything is perfect.  I think sound and picture technology of today is better than the DVD, but no complaints.  Get this one first, avoid Believe, and get the others which have the best reviews.  The reviews are very informative.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|love love love this app, love all the different versions, its great for a deep study or just a quick reference check. I also love the notes option where you can create your own or read other peoples( very helpful if you want to further understand a verse!)
B004I744AS|5.0|This is the best dictionary app I have found yet. Fast, accurate, reliable, and flexable - what a dictionary should be.
B002R5QPRI|5.0|Whitney Houston was great in her firs movie The Bodygaurd.Every song she sang was wonderful .She was one of the most beautiful women in the world. She had a great smile beautiful teeth and a wonderful personality.She will be missed by me and the world.She was also a wonderful caring person.thanks for letting me post this review Ron Cina.
B004UHSB5A|2.0|Dominoes is fun for all, and very classic. But, this game just wasn't good. The graphics were drab, and the gameplay was so easy facing the computer, my 3 year old cousin beat it. Not the best game. Needs work. To simple. There should be modes with themes and power ups to make the gamebetter! 2/5.
B00386EZJU|5.0|The movie was great but the soundtrack is even better.  We love the music and enjoy listening to it often.  John Powell did an amazing job.
B005OCFGTO|2.0|I received the Harry Potter Set in decent time.  However upon trying to view the movies only 4 of 8 of the DVD's work in my computer.  As I live over seas it is not convenient for me to return the set to get a replacement.
8131500527|4.0|The book is of good condition. In terms of its content, it cover most of the stuff I am interested. Just that there is a few wave scattering derivation I wanted but is not included in the book.
B005UBNL0A|5.0|got this guy installed and was very impresed ( although to be honest I was upgrading from a dual core 2.4 ghz so it was to be expected ) oc'd it to 4.2 ghz without any noticeable issues will be getting a better heatsink and fan though as the stock ones are never up to the task with overclocking.  overall a fine processor, fast and with no heat issues yet.
B0067Q42BY|5.0|This is a great game. I have enjoyed hours of play. It has kept me from being bored at work.  I would highly recommend this game.
B0067Q42BY|5.0|Lot more fun than I thougt that it would be. Definetely recommend this one. Need more like this for free app of the day.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|easy to work with ~ which is great for me since I'm still getting used to all this techno geek stuff
B004UHSB5A|3.0|I tried the game since it was offered free.  It may take a few tries to get used to getting the dominoes to stay in place....but it does work.  Simple game, pretty plain.
0307346617|4.0|I found this book very interesting.  With so many mixed reviews I wasn't sure what to expect.  Without spoiling anything I can tell you that it's basically the diary of the living, as recorded some years after the wars had ended.  It starts with each person telling the interviewer about their first encounter with the zombies.  Slowly we start to learn about how/what it happened and how it progressed around the globe.  Many of the events background is `set up' in a previous story/country and slowly you get a whole picture.  There were aspects of the zombies I'd not encountered before, that's not saying that it's not been done in another book, however I hadn't read about it/seen it.  I found the book very clever.  It is also very realistic, I mean as realistic as a zombie outbreak can be. I could really see people/governments behaving like this.  The only reason it didn't get 5 stars is because I didn't feel that there was enough background to really get a feeling for some/most of the interviewees.  It could be a bit harrowing for readers who are a bit sensitive.  I'm a fan of the zombie and horror genre amongst others so I had no problem picturing what he was describing and it was very effective and relentless - but I like that. I can't help but to think that the film must be quite toned down as it would be a full-blown 18 rated horror film otherwise.  I'd love that but I doubt it.  I'd definitely recommend the book.  If you like this book, try Mira Grant's \\"Feed\\" - another book that just happen to be set post-zombie outbreak.
B004UHSB5A|4.0|If you can get the hang of getting the pieces to stay down, it's not bad. It lost a star because it shouldn't be that difficult to do. It would be nice if it included some info on how to get points for the beginner or some sort of tutorial. Otherwise, It's a pretty solid dominoes game.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|gets laggy and bad sensitivity can cause you to loose.  otherwise its a great game.  the build up of unlocking games is.fun.
B0071XO8RA|5.0|I enjoyed visiting the silo. I started with WOOL and became hooked. It's easy to fall into the page-turning pace of this sci-fi epic. I typically do not read much in this genre, but the plot becomes addictive and even if you dislike futuristic jargon - you're staying up until 4am biting your nails...  Highly recommended. I believe the strongest of these 5 WOOL stories is the third one, but I may go back and re-read them again because I'm not entirely sure. I would like to see more from this author, maybe in a different genre?  Either way - this is one helluva good read and for the price you'd be stupid not to check it out. You don't want people to think you're stupid, do you? Buy this book.
1469984202|5.0|I am an avid reader of science fiction.  I can't remember the last time I read such a unique, engaging and well written story.  Hugh Howey's rich characters carry you through a world that is unveiled one layer at a time.  The suspense and need to turn the next page (or click the next page button) matches the intensity of the story.  Gone are the days of ending a book with the feeling of having read the same story before.  No more settling for the overall lack of originality in the science fiction and fantasy genres.  Howey is an author to follow carefully.  I can't wait to read more of his work, and I especially can't wait to return to the world of Wool.  He claims to read all of his Amazon reviews, so let me say directly to the author, \\"More, please.\\"
B001KP2J3U|5.0|An older but great fun mystery who-done-it.  Great performances by well-known actors in the colorful setting of a cruise down the Nile.
B004UHSB5A|1.0|I was pretty excited about this, but there aren't good instructions. If you are new to dominoes or haven't played in a long time (like me), this is NOT the game for you. I was totally lost. I am uninstalling it now.
B004UHSB5A|4.0|UPDATE 2/24 --  I gave the app another chance.  It did not freeze up again.  UI is kinda sketchy.  AI not bad. With a little faith in future updates, I give it 4 stars.<br /><br />It can get annoying trying to place your tile.  Most of the time, it worked okay.  It occasionally took five or more tries.  My 2nd to last resort was to give it at least five seconds to figure out that I was hovering over the targeted tile.  My last resort was to keep trying.  Always, it eventually worked.<br /><br />Scoring is a little more involved than the info button's explanation.  For now, I'm just assuming the machine is handling it correctly.<br /><br />The AI appears to be doing more than just maximizing its point play.  Seemed more than randomly successful at blocking me.  My guess on a scale of 0(novice) to 10(expert), it runs 3-4.<br /><br />***KEEPING IT INSTALLED.<br /><br />ORIGINAL REVIEW -- Generally, I liked it, but it froze on my Kindle Fire.<br /><br />In this app, once your hand exceeds 7 tiles, seeing the additional tiles requires scrolling to the right.  I had a legal move available in the additional tiles, but the scroll arrow would not respond.  FORCE CLOSE<br /><br />There were many comments regarding the difficulty in placing tiles. I kind of agree.  In my case it was very laggy, often requiring one to hold the domino over the targeted location for 2-3 seconds.  Feels too long.<br /><br />Though I only played a short time, I would add at least 1 star if they improved the UI.  I'm a good domino player, but not an expert.  I would need more time to assess the machine's AI, but it seemed to be fairly fun.
B004SOR4H6|5.0|title says it all. they finally managed to put out a real app and its a good one. thank you
B000F8O35U|4.0|This is my grandaughter's favorite movie, an old classic!  The second disc is a disappointment...nothing really worth anything on it!
B004T6IBNY|5.0|it is cool and you get to play it on your kindle fire like you do it for real but with the kindle fire
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|Angry Birds is a simple but fun game. It definitely has lots of levels. Their levels are also very interesting themes. I love all the different birds like the tiny blue bird, the normal red bird, the white bird that drops eggs, the yellow bird that is extremely fast, the giant red bird, the bird that puffs up, and lets not forget the green pigs that you are trying to defeat .
B004UHSB5A|4.0|This is a fun game but it does not offer enough information on how points are scored for a beginner.
B004UHSB5A|2.0|This game functions, but is hardly entertaining. The tiles are tiny on my 7&quot; screen and there are no sounds or visual effects. It works, which is why it got more than 1 star, but I quickly uninstalled it after only a few hands.
B006TJXZ30|5.0|works perfectly, well thought out, easy to setup and use, and aesthetically very nice. Can't say enough about it.  Kindle Fire's email app, and the several I tried all worked fine, but had maybe one or two things that prevented them from being perfect. Mine is a hotmail account, and this app is perfect for MS live and hotmail accounts.
B003Y5H51K|5.0|i ordered this movie and let me tell you it got delivered on time, and also when i open the box the movie was iin great condition so the delivery went well  this movie is great once the story thickens you cant help but to sit and watch in amaze at some of the things that happens in this film...i love movies based on true events and i i would recommend this movie to my friends, family , etc  glad i decided to buy it (:
B0063IH60K|4.0|I got this on my Kindle Fire and it is a blast!  If you want something challenging, you can choose a random deal.  If you're more in the mood for something that's not too &quot;strenuous&quot;, you can choose a winning deal.  Either way, you're in for a fun time!
B006ON41FC|5.0|It is a very fun game. I got it for free but it is worth 99&cent;. Its a must have for the kindle fire!
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I love being able to organize and access my notes from different platforms. so handy and saves me from trying to sort through my scribbled down notes!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Ease of use and ease of navigation along with all the translations are the best. I would recommend it to all my friends and colleagues.
B0071QIN00|5.0|My 3 yr old and I are huge fans of this series.  out of all the games of this type, TrialX is the only one to do it right.  The added effects and challenges in the winter edition were very cool as well.
B006UG90RM|5.0|Who else knows that Wolfie's bass BURNS on \\"Blood and Fire\\"? John Entwistle wishes he sounded this good. This whole album is the bomb. If you don't love Van Halen, you can suck it. Likewise if you do.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|love this game. my son &amp; I love to play together to unlock the games! I like earning the points to unlock the other games.
B004UHSB5A|1.0|I couldn't even place one domino.  Complete waste of my time.  I'm glad I didn't have to pay for it.
B004UHSB5A|2.0|Glitchy, biased, poorly executed UI. Should have been a spectacular app for 2 bucks, but instead its a spectacular load of crap. The dev should give ME 2 bucks for wasting my time!
B0051UP5NQ|5.0|I get a lot of office files emailed from work and I haven't had any problems with them using OfficeSuite. For the free app of the day it can't be beat
B0052UZIFA|1.0|This app works great on gingerbread phones. But it doesn't work for ics. The graphic were never updated for tablets. Instead of fixing these problems, PopCap released a new iPhone version  I would stay away from any ANY PopCap games.
B001AVCFJM|5.0|Was a gift for my mother who's a trekkie. Now she can watch it on the television or her iPad anytime she wants. Great price and was delivered super fast.
B002XG1OUE|5.0|It's nice to be able to get this version again. Shipping was fast and the product was well packed. The price is a bargain. Also, if you are a model builder...this is the only way to get a model of this version of the Enterprise.
030788743X|5.0|OK, I don't normally review books here, and this is not going to be so much a review, but more of a VERY high recommendation!<br />This book came to me on the recommendation of a good friend, and her 12yo daughter (whose \\"recommendation\\" was more like an insistence that I read it immediately) They both loved it, and just knew (correctly, I might add..) that I would.<br />It is very simply one of the most entertaining books I have ever read, one of those you are almost sad to reach the end of.<br />If by chance you grew up in the 80's, you will love it even more. If (like me) you happened to be a computer and/or video game geek back then, then stop whatever you are doing right now, go buy or download it, and start reading!<br />I am the perfect \\"nerd\\" for this book - my first computer was a radio shack TRS-80, then an Atari 800, well, you get the picture.... I spent hours at the local arcade, drugstore, and Godfather's Pizza playing Donkey Kong, Pac-man, and Space Invaders...<br />If any of this sounds familiar, seriously stop and go buy this book now, you will LOVE it!
B006PHD0RW|1.0|the controls are absolutely horrid and dont respond to your touch. the game is poorly designed and doesn't need just work, it should be deleted all together!!!!!!!!!
0312641893|3.0|I have to hand it to Marissa Meyer - the book seemed original.  The idea, the futuristic world that she has created, appeared interesting (though it borrows heavily from better books on near-future worlds), and the blend of fairy tale and science fiction is intriguing.  The storyline is creative - Cyborg girl in plague-ridden land, trying to figure out who exactly she is, throw in a little romance with a prince, and it seems like a winner.<br /><br />The writing, however, is juvenile and the plot is poorly produced.  More time should have been spent honing the storyline and developing a better voice.  While a younger age group might not notice that this book is subpar, it offers none of the richness or complexity of other, better books geared towards this age group (if you're a fairy tale fan: [[ASIN:0060558865 Ella Enchanted]], [[ASIN:1582349908 The Goose Girl (Books of Bayern)]], [[ASIN:0060753102 Beauty: A Retelling of the Story of Beauty and the Beast]], [[ASIN:0765343436 Daughter of the Forest (The Sevenwaters Trilogy, Book 1)]]).  Full of hiccups, quick rescues in poorly executed deus ex machina style, a quippy robotic sidekick, rather skeletal characters that would have benefitted from being fleshed out, and a trite, unbelievable, over-written love story between a prince and commoner, Cinder is a bumpy beginning to a new series.  I am interested to see how Meyer progresses - things could improve.  But with several books on slated deadlines, and the first one already feeling like a rushed and breathless production, I do not have high hopes.<br /><br />All in all, the book was entertaining but not memorable, and the originality was fleeting.
0545425115|3.0|This is fabulous writing really. I mean really well written. The problem I have is the basis of the story and I can only imagine the movie to be something I don't want to watch. Little kids killing eachother? Again, good writing, action packed, but I think we can focus our youth on something a bit more positive!
0307593312|2.0|I just want to say that Murakami is my favorite author and TWUBC is one of my top 5 books of all time.  I have read it at least 5 times, as well as all his other works.  1Q84 was painfully slow and I never got involved with any of the characters- it took me three months to finish.  If you are new to murakami- start with another book.  ANY of them.
B000002VCQ|5.0|One of the most beautiful albums ever made!! I love the beautiful ballads and 80's hits!! also you get the original version of \\"How Will I Know\\" on here and not a remixed version.  Whitney was truely a talented and gifted lady!! I miss her.
B0032FPVKE|5.0|First of all it's a bargin and well made. It holds my Lumix GX1 with 14-42X and 45-175X perfectly. And it has plenty of zipper pockets for cards, batteries, lens caps, and car keys.
B004SUWR2C|4.0|Ai is good and I like it, but there are a lot of weird rules.  things called &quot;jumping in&quot; and other stuff.
B005974CNA|5.0|The quality of the musicianship on this album is superior to anything Dream Theater has done in the past, especially the effort of John Petrucci.  Now, don't get me wrong Mike Portnoy is a phenomenal drummer, and though he is among the best, he isn't the best of the best.  The impression I got listening to the album was that the new drummer enables John Petrucci, and Jordan Rudess to explore certain rhythms MP would not have been able to keep up with.  Therefore, Dream Theater's greatest loss is actually that MP was really good with promoting DT.  MP is a downright friendly and likeable guy, and the other guys in Dream Theater are dorks, and I, myself, am a dork, so this album in all its dorky musicianship is right up my alley.<br />Keywords:  Dream Theater, A Dramatic Turn of Events, best drummer in the world
B0054JZC6E|3.0|games are fun for kids over 7 or so.not a good set of games for younger. you have to earn points<br /> coins and yes there are ads but no big deal.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|i really like this app. nice to have all these games in one easy accessible place. great games, lots of fun &amp; it was free!
B004MC8CA2|2.0|It works fine as a Bible. It allows you to jump to the passage you want to read. HOWEVER, the app is always running, and periodically pops up reminders to read every day. I tried to shut them off in the settings, but they come up anyway. I will be uninstalling.
B005HSL626|1.0|I used to love this game but then it crashed. I've uninstalled and reinstalled it about five times and it's crashed every time. I've given up.
0740785508|5.0|great book, should have bought it earlier.  Good read, this book brings in some glimps of how a tranditional artist work on the same subject that we took for granted in the digital era.
B00005JLIU|5.0|Ever since I saw it at the movie theater I was charmed by it.  It was funny.  Julie Andrews was my favorite actress then and played a role that befitted her.. For a long time I forgot about the movie and I finally found it on Amazon.  The musical score was great..The movie was just plain entertaining.
B006OOHYIC|5.0|djf.  ll h jjj uh uh jug uu jjuh Nj Nj hy ht g gj h n b vvvv gg hh uu jhjhgff.
B005V2EVBQ|3.0|The case is just as described and works pretty well, as a stand its ok. My girlfriends case is a little better because the fold can lock into the back.  The case doesn't add bulk or anything makes it a little easier to grip.
B004UHSB5A|1.0|After playing 4 or 5 games, reading the instructions and going on line and reading how to score I'm convinced the AI is cheating!
B0063IH60K|5.0|This application is true to the Windows standard.  Smooth operation and fair deals for sure.  On the random deal it's never a sure win.
B0063IH60K|5.0|awesome app to use to waste some time. i'm not deleting this app for a long time it never gets old!
B006XOBFJC|5.0|I have mentioned before that Wagner's Ring Cycle is my all-time favorite \\"musical drama\\". Consisting of four operas with at least fourteen hours of music (depending on the conductor's pace), it's just a genuinely pure delight for my ears. I know that the actual story in the Cycle is flawed in some ways, but I just can't help but admire Wagner's mesmerizing music. As one would expect from a popular opera, there are various recordings of Wagner's Ring Cycle available on disc. Conductors and soloists from diverse backgrounds have taken part in both live and studio performances. Orchestras from Europe and the United States have found themselves joining in on this special occasion. Almost all recordings are different from each other and, at times, unique. Conductors either prefer the slow approach or the colorful & lively method or the quick & intense option. This specific recording from RCA is conducted by Marek Janowski and performed by the Staatskapelle Dresden. Out of all the recordings made in the past century, this one is my personal favorite out of all of them.<br /><br />This specific studio performance of Wagner's Ring Cycle was the first one to be recorded digitally. Janowski, the Staatskapelle Dresden, and the vocal soloists performed all four operas (Das Rheingold, Die Walkure, Siegfried, and Gotterdammerung) in a German church (St. Luke's Church, Dresden). When the official Cycle was released by Eurodisc as a box set, critical reaction was lukewarm. It appears that some critics, and of course avid Wagnerian listeners, compared it to the world-famous Solti and Karajan recordings. I think the strict comparisons are unwarranted, since Janowski's recording is also a remarkable achievement. The box set was re-issued by RCA in the early 2000's and it went out of stock several years later. And now, in 2012, the box set has been re-issued a second time by RCA. But this time, it's released at a surprisingly cheap price: under fifty bucks! Since the first re-issue is the one I own, I'm assuming that the newer release not only does NOT include a libretto (as usual), but also does not include liner notes. I guess only track listings and a brief synopsis of each individual opera have been featured. But no matter, it's still the same superb recording that I have come to admire.<br /><br />Janowski, a Polish conductor, doesn't really bring his own vision to Wagner's \\"music drama,\\" like many other conductors from the past to the present. And I think this is what makes this Ring so refreshing to hear. Janowski ignores his ego (if he ever had one in the first place) and follows the orchestral score very closely. He's not like Solti with his bombastic drive, Karajan with his lyrical approach, or even Boulez with his emotionless momentum. He is very conscientious with Wagner's original intentions: precise tempi, dynamics, flow of leitmotifs, etc. His conducting is very direct, and some might say that he sacrifices soothing beauty and striking power for overall clarity. Thankfully, the entire Ring Cycle sounds more than just \\"middle-of-the-road.\\" Tension is there when it's needed, and humor is balanced well during certain scenes. The more lyrical passages are given a Tchaikovsky-like ambiance. I also adore how the conductor knows the correct mood of each scene (fast and exciting in some, slow and poetic in others), unlike Bohm who can be a bit too fast during lyrical moments or Levine who simply plods through several exciting scenes (and I'm NOT saying that Bohm and Levine are bad, because I admire both of their recordings as well).<br /><br />In the meantime, Janowski's close attention to detail is stunning. Many instrumental sounds that are found nowhere else (or just simply distorted) in other Ring recordings are found here: the oboe in the \\"Magic Fire Music\\" for example. Plus, Janowski's choice of clarity gives the music a consistently natural flow. Pacing is near-perfect, and it sounds as if this Ring Cycle does indeed move along naturally with the conductor's effective choice of tempi. And the leitmotifs are handled with care: from Valhalla to the Gibichungs, every musical theme just sounds right. With Janowski's complete faithfulness to the score, it's such a refreshing experience. In the midst of superstar conductors who mold this Cycle any way they wish, Janowski seems to be one of the few conductors who keeps the true spirit of Wagner alive, since he actually understands the overall structure of the music very well. There is no personal vision of the Ring which would distract from Wagner's own. And to that, Janowski's recording of Wagner's Ring is satisfying.<br /><br />The Staatskapelle Dresden has only half of the force and flair of Solti's Vienna Philharmonic, but it sounds much clearer due to the fantastic digital sound. But it's not just the sound. Dresden's playing is refined and consistent from Rheingold to Gotterdammerung. The Wagner tubas for the Rhine River perform with elegance and polish. The woodwinds imitate the forest birds very well, while the anvils for Nibelheim are heard loud and clear. The dynamic shifts are handled with perfection, and every player follows the conductor without any hitch.<br /><br />The singers in this specific recording are also excellent. I think this cast sounds quite distinctive with their own unique-sounding voices, and they sound as if they're the actual characters that they sing as. You can easily tell who's singing just by their voices: for once, both Fasolt and Fafner sound different from each other! As for the actual singing, it's exquisite. Theo Adam has sung as Wotan for many years, and his voice may have worn out a little during this recording. It's evident during Die Walkure Act Three Scene Three, as he bids farewell to Brunnhilde before she is confined to a deep sleep; his voice is wobbly on several occasions. But Adam still gives a thoroughly intelligent performance throughout. His articulation, phrasing, and conviction remain unrivalled. His voice may not sound as smooth as James Morris (Levine CD/DVD), but he is still believable with the ruggedness and perplexity of his character.<br /><br />Jeannine Altmeyer has gained some controversy as Brunnhilde the Valkyrie. Some say that her voice isn't big enough, or that her American accent (which is nowhere to be found) gets in the way. I don't think it's fair to compare her to other sopranos such as Birgit Nilsson and Gwyneth Jones. She gives a remarkable performance despite her light voice, and she is very convincing as one of Wotan's youngest daughters. Rene Kollo performs as Siegfried, and he is in top form here. He captures the character's youthfulness and, in Gotterdammerung, adult personality splendidly. He sounds playful and arrogant when he's in Mime's home, and he sounds willed and well-mannered when he's in the Gibich Hall. He is the best heldentenor since Wolfgang Windgassen (from Krauss to Bohm).<br /><br />Upon first hearing, you might assume that Siegmund Nimsgern sounds a bit too light for a character such as Alberich. But he nonetheless sings with passion, robustness, and despair. He sounds very humane compared to Gustav Neidlinger (from Krauss to Bohm) and Ekkehard Wlaschiha (Levine, Sawallisch) because of his third-dimensional portrayal of a Nibelung who swears vengeance on those who scorned him for a long while. Meanwhile, the Walsung twins are almost perfect. Siegfried Jerusalem and Jessye Norman sound marvelous as Siegmund and Sieglinde, the latter giving enough warmth and lightness that's required for her character. Jerusalem is an excellent tenor for Siegmund: clear delivery of text and appropriately clear voice.<br /><br />Some tenors always exaggerate when they perform as Mime. Gerhard Stolze and Erwin Wohlfahrt are prime examples as they become dreadful caricatures (admittedly, Wohlfahrt backs away a little from the over-the-top personality). Peter Schreier is Mime in Janowski's Ring, and he doesn't exaggerate at all. In fact,all he does is sing, and that's just what I like to hear. He gives an intelligent performance, and he doesn't yell or bark his lines. He is less ghoulish and more benevolent, more three-dimensional. He is equal to Heinz Zednik when it comes to humaneness and lyricism. The only minor flaw I can find is the exact moment when he realizes that he cannot answer the Wanderer's third question (\\"Die Stucken! Das Schwert!\\"). He could've added a bit more fear in that sequence. But overall, he is an amazing Mime. He is also a great Loge in Rheingold as he captures the cunning trickster's personality at such a high level. Much of his singing involves imagination, peril, vengeance, and deviousness. Zednik and Emile Belcourt depend only on imagination and deviousness, Stolze only vengeance and deviousness, Windgassen and Witte only peril. His odd conversations with Alberich and the gods/goddesses are classic. On a side note, Mime in Rheingold is sung by Christian Vogel, who sounds almost a bit too young but satisfactory nonetheless.<br /><br />Everyone else does a fine job. Matti Salminen is a warhorse of a bass as he sings powerfully as both Hagen and Fafner. Yvonne Minton has a light yet healthy voice, and she is convincing as Fricka. Ortrun Wenkel performs as both Erda and Waltraute, and she is such a brilliant Alto that she is perfect for both parts. Kurt Moll is superb and almost frightening as Hunding, while Norma Sharp and Hans Gunter Nocker are impressive as the Gibich siblings Gutrune and Gunther (Sharp is also fabulous as the Forest Bird in Siegfried). The Rhinemaidens (Popp/Priew/Schwarz) sound very lovely. The rest of the cast, including the Valkyries and Norns and even the Vassals, are flawless.<br /><br />This is the first Ring recording that I have ever purchased. Prior to buying it, I had no knowledge of the story of the Ring, but thanks to Janowski's conducting (as well as Stewart Spencer's translation of the libretto), I now understand the grand scale of Wagner's creation. This Ring is perfect for beginners, as it is the least idiosyncratic interpretation due to the maestro's complete faithfulness to the orchestral score. With an intelligent conductor, a first-class orchestra, and an outstanding & very distinctive cast, this is my personal favorite Ring. It will stay with me, I'm sure of it.<br /><br />NOTE: Since this new release does not include a libretto (just like the first re-release), you can find it here: [[ASIN:0500281947 Wagner's Ring of the Nibelung]]<br /><br />Grade: 10 out of 10. His voice may not sound as smooth as James Morris (Levine CD/DVD), but he is still believable with the ruggedness and perplexity of his character.<br /><br />Jeannine Altmeyer has gained some controversy as Brunnhilde the Valkyrie. Some say that her voice isn't big enough, or that her American accent (which is nowhere to be found) gets in the way. I don't think it's fair to compare her to other sopranos such as Birgit Nilsson and Gwyneth Jones. She gives a remarkable performance despite her light voice, and she is very convincing as one of Wotan's youngest daughters. Rene Kollo performs as Siegfried, and he is in top form here. He captures the character's youthfulness and, in Gotterdammerung, adult personality splendidly. He sounds playful and arrogant when he's in Mime's home, and he sounds willed and well-mannered when he's in the Gibich Hall. He is the best heldentenor since Wolfgang Windgassen (from Krauss to Bohm).<br /><br />Upon first hearing, you might assume that Siegmund Nimsgern sounds a bit too light for a character such as Alberich. But he nonetheless sings with passion, robustness, and despair. He sounds very humane compared to Gustav Neidlinger (from Krauss to Bohm) and Ekkehard Wlaschiha (Levine, Sawallisch) because of his third-dimensional portrayal of a Nibelung who swears vengeance on those who scorned him for a long while. Meanwhile, the Walsung twins are almost perfect. Siegfried Jerusalem and Jessye Norman sound marvelous as Siegmund and Sieglinde, the latter giving enough warmth and lightness that's required for her character. Jerusalem is an excellent tenor for Siegmund: clear delivery of text and appropriately clear voice.<br /><br />Some tenors always exaggerate when they perform as Mime. Gerhard Stolze and Erwin Wohlfahrt are prime examples as they become dreadful caricatures (admittedly, Wohlfahrt backs away a little from the over-the-top personality). Peter Schreier is Mime in Janowski's Ring, and he doesn't exaggerate at all. In fact,all he does is sing, and that's just what I like to hear. He gives an intelligent performance, and he doesn't yell or bark his lines. He is less ghoulish and more benevolent, more three-dimensional. He is equal to Heinz Zednik when it comes to humaneness and lyricism. The only minor flaw I can find is the exact moment when he realizes that he cannot answer the Wanderer's third question (\\"Die Stucken! Das Schwert!\\"). He could've added a bit more fear in that sequence. But overall, he is an amazing Mime. He is also a great Loge in Rheingold as he captures the cunning trickster's personality at such a high level. Much of his singing involves imagination, peril, vengeance, and deviousness. Zednik and Emile Belcourt depend only on imagination and deviousness, Stolze only vengeance and deviousness, Windgassen and Witte only peril. His odd conversations with Alberich and the gods/goddesses are classic. On a side note, Mime in Rheingold is sung by Christian Vogel, who sounds almost a bit too young but satisfactory nonetheless.<br /><br />Everyone else does a fine job. Matti Salminen is a warhorse of a bass as he sings powerfully as both Hagen and Fafner. Yvonne Minton has a light yet healthy voice, and she is convincing as Fricka. Ortrun Wenkel performs as both Erda and Waltraute, and she is such a brilliant Alto that she is perfect for both parts. Kurt Moll is superb and almost frightening as Hunding, while Norma Sharp and Hans Gunter Nocker are impressive as the Gibich siblings Gutrune and Gunther (Sharp is also fabulous as the Forest Bird in Siegfried). The Rhinemaidens (Popp/Priew/Schwarz) sound very lovely. The rest of the cast, including the Valkyries and Norns and even the Vassals, are flawless.<br /><br />This is the first Ring recording that I have ever purchased. Prior to buying it, I had no knowledge of the story of the Ring, but thanks to Janowski's conducting (as well as Stewart Spencer's translation of the libretto), I now understand the grand scale of Wagner's creation. This Ring is perfect for beginners, as it is the least idiosyncratic interpretation due to the maestro's complete faithfulness to the orchestral score. With an intelligent conductor, a first-class orchestra, and an outstanding & very distinctive cast, this is my personal favorite Ring. It will stay with me, I'm sure of it.<br /><br />NOTE: Since this new release does not include a libretto (just like the first re-release), you can find it here: [[ASIN:0500281947 Wagner's Ring of the Nibelung]]<br /><br />Grade: 10 out of 10
0321811984|5.0|As a trainer of police trainers I was exited to find someone who also prefers a simple design for presentations. To many of our law enforcement presentations have become PPTs filled with text that act as anesthesia for cadets or veterans. There is no excuse with the plethra of police related images and videos - and books like Presentation Zen. I'm sorry I missed the first edition, but I enjoyed the second.<br /><br />Richard Neil, LEOtrainer.com, \\"Police Instructor: Deliver Dynamic Presentations, Create Engaging Slides, & Increase Active Learning\\"
B004SJ3AXI|1.0|I think this game should be made a little bit easier so anyone can play it, and also they should make more levels for people who love it.
0385342039|5.0|Originally reviewed at: [...]<br />Rating: 5 out of 5 biscuits<br /><br />Sophie Kinsella has been one of my favourite authors for at least five or six years - I picked up one of her books, 'Can You Keep a Secret?' a few years back and I fell in love with her style and became a huge fan right away. In the past few year, I've read all of her books - the whole Shopaholic series and each novel she published, except Twenties Girl. And now that I was finally able to sit down and read it, I'm more certain than ever that no matter what she writes, it's guaranteed to be the best book you've ever read.<br /><br />Twenties Girl follows the story of Lara, niece to a millionaire guy called Bill Lington who runs a successful coffee chain all over the world. Lara is an ordinary twenty-something businesswoman who works at a head-hunting company she set up with her best friend Natalie.. right until Natalie decides to disappear, leaving her in the lurch, not having the slightest clue what to do or how to run the company all alone. To make things even worse, her mother has anxiety problems, she just broke up with her boyfriend Josh and to top it all, she has to attend her great-aunt's funeral as well. At the funeral, Sadie's (the great-aunt's) 23-year-old self appears as a ghost but as it turns out, only Lara can see and hear her, no one else. She tells Lara about her dragonfly necklace - something she wore at a time when she was genuinely happy and something without which she can't rest - and wouldn't leave her alone until she promises to find out where it is. I could go on and on about the story but I don't want to give too much away.<br /><br />Twenties Girl was nothing but pure brilliance. Kinsella's writing is something that I absolutely adore - you can't help clinging to every word she says, every word she puts down on paper - it's amazing. Very witty, sometimes sarcastic and immensely funny, her style is just great. She writes with such ease and depth that she never fails to captivate her readers from the very first page. She managed to laugh out loud and cry almost at the same time and even though the story itself is laugh-out-loud funny, the ending is very emotional.<br /><br />Along with the great writing style came an amazing plot - even after a whole series and several standalone novels, she manages to write something completely original and unique. What I loved about it most is the characters. Sadie - the ghost - started to annoy me at times but still, her friendship with Lara was something I really liked about the story. If I had to pick a favourite character, it'd either be Lara (because of her sarcasm and witty remarks) or Ed - an American guy who rarely smiles, lives in his own little shell, puts on a tough exterior and doesn't really open up ... until she meets Lara. Ed reminded me of myself in this respect and I found his character easily relatable.<br /><br />In short, Twenties Girl is a definite must-have: it's a real page turner that won't let you put it down. Wonderfully witty, laugh-out-loud funny and highly emotional at the same time, it will definitely stay with you for a long time. Simply brilliant.aptivate her readers from the very first page. She managed to laugh out loud and cry almost at the same time and even though the story itself is laugh-out-loud funny, the ending is very emotional.<br /><br />Along with the great writing style came an amazing plot - even after a whole series and several standalone novels, she manages to write something completely original and unique. What I loved about it most is the characters. Sadie - the ghost - started to annoy me at times but still, her friendship with Lara was something I really liked about the story. If I had to pick a favourite character, it'd either be Lara (because of her sarcasm and witty remarks) or Ed - an American guy who rarely smiles, lives in his own little shell, puts on a tough exterior and doesn't really open up ... until she meets Lara. Ed reminded me of myself in this respect and I found his character easily relatable.<br /><br />In short, Twenties Girl is a definite must-have: it's a real page turner that won't let you put it down. Wonderfully witty, laugh-out-loud funny and highly emotional at the same time, it will definitely stay with you for a long time. Simply brilliant.
B004UID2LC|5.0|OMFG this app is awesome you can download how many videos u want to and you can watch the videos without WIFI!!!!! You should bye it! its free!!!!!!!
B004927I50|5.0|I have long been a fan of Taylor Swift. I admire her courage, intellect, marketing ability and acknowledgement of her status as a role model for young girls.<br /><br />I have to admit that I do not like every song that Miss Swift sings, and some of them even irritate me. That said, I like certain of her songs. My favorites from this album are \\"Speak Now\\", \\"Mean\\", and \\"Back To December\\". Taylor has a knack for writing songs that resonate with teenaged girls, and steps that up a notch with the signature song, Speak Now. Featuring plaintive lyrics about a impending wedding and a jilted girl, the song comes across as a bit playful and hopeful at the same time.<br /><br />\\"Mean\\" is a sly putdown of bullies, letting young victims of bullies know that they can have the last laugh. In a soft voice accompanied by bluegrass-tinged instrumentation, Taylor delivers her blows to bullies everywhere, real and imagined.<br /><br />\\"Back To December\\" is another of those wishful, backward-glancing analyses of love gone wrong, and Taylor delivers it with a touch of sadness and wisdom gained.<br /><br />If you even remotely like Taylor Swift's musical style, by all means, buy this CD. You won't be disappointed.
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|This is an excellent product for the money.  It does everything but take pictures and skype.  I only wish it had more memory or expandable memory
B0041OJ0Y8|5.0|love it came fast & in great shape awesome cd if you like music that is different. great price for this kind of music would buy agian excited about their new material
B0054JZC6E|5.0|it is very addictive ,<br />very fun it is awsome I love it because it has a wide variedy of games.
B006ON41FC|5.0|xhfhdhdhfh hdhdjfj jfhfhfhf jfhfhfhffh hfhfhfhf hchfhffh hchfhfh hchfh Hrh ahchoo h Fuchs Hugh hchh hfhh Hrh ahchoo ahchoo hfhh hch
B0054JZC6E|4.0|This game is so fun. very entertaining. The one problem is I cant be the sudoku game. other than that I love it. Also, some games are a bit boring.
B006PHD0RW|1.0|I love this app, but on some devices it has a bug, and when you let the makers know, they are extremely rude. I'm not sure if it is worth  $1.99... If you believe me, then regardless of what stars you would rate it, rate it 1 star, and write what you really think in the review. :)
B00005N6KG|5.0|I bought three sets of Sony WDR-W08L Verticle In-the Ear headphones in Dec. 2010 from Amazon to use on my Acer laptop computer because I have a hearing loss and I cannot hear the computer speakers well enough. These Sony headphones are excellent, loud enough, lightweight, and comfortable. They were also a great buy at about $9 each set.<br /><br />But recently I noticed the set I use constantly was not putting out the volume I need.<br />I opened another set I had never used yet and tried them and they worked perfectly. Comparing the two sets I noticed they look identical except that the little holes over the speakers in the used set appeared to be plugged up with dirt while the holes in the new set were open. So I used an old tooth brush and cleaned out the dirt in the holes of the used set. I found this required not simply brushing, but \\"polking\\" the holes with the soft bristles directly thrusted into the holes several times until they looked open like the new set. Then I carefully removed the little plastic backing covers gently with a metal prong inserted a short way into the little rectangular hole in the plastic covers and gently lifted them out. Then I blew out the dirt with compressed air, and replaced the plastic covers by carefully springing them back into their sockets.<br /><br />Presto! The used set now works just like the new set!<br />I wonder how many of these headphones are thrown away after they cease to work like new<br />because they get plugged with dirt? I'm not claiming some headphones stop working for other reasons, but I suggest before throwing them away try cleaning them first.
0439023521|5.0|When my friend first reccommended this book to me and told me what it was about, I thought it sounded extremely violent & uninteresting. I WAS WRONG!!! From page 1, I was hooked.  I read the entire book in one (4 and a half hour) sitting! I couldn't tear myself away from it.  First of all, Katniss Everdeen and her personality had me all over it in the beginning, during the character introductions.  I couldn't believe her circumstances!  I could partially infer what was going to happen at the Reaping, but I guessed wrong!  Suzanne Collins kept me on my toes-I was guessing, inferring, asking questions, and on the edge of my seat.  I couldn't believe that I'd found something that topped the Twilight Saga (my previously favorite series)!  The Hunger Games is an action/adventure, with a bit of romance here and there.  It's about Katniss Everdeen (sometime around the year 3000, or around that era) who's sister, Primrose (Prim) is chosen at the Reaping for the Hunger Games.  (The Reaping is when they pick 2 tributes, 1 boy and 1 girl, and for each extra time you put your name in, they give you 1 pound of some mush that's considered food.) Katniss volunteers, which nobody wants to do, considering it's 24 teens between the ages of 12-18, and they fight until the death, and the winner is the last one standing, who lives a life of luxury (or so it's called) for the rest of their existence.  Or do they?  The other tribute is Peeta Mellark, who had given Katniss a few loaves of bread when she was younger, right after her father died and she became the household food-gatherer (that's what I decided to call it)-as in she has to feed herself, her sister Prim, and her mother.  Will Katniss and Peeta form an alliance, or will it be every man for himself?  Will Katniss win, or will someone else be declared the champion?
B004UHSB5A|3.0|Its ok but the tiles go out of screen and stack on eachother so you cant see them well. Some minor fixes and it will be better
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I REALLY like this app!  I first got it on my Blackberry Curve, and when I got a Blackberry Torch, it wasn't available for a time.  I was SOO disappointed, and really missed it.  When I found out it was available for the BB Torch, I downloaded it immediately!  Now, I have it on my Kindle Fire!  I use it often (probably daily), and follow a reading plan, plus I 've completed various devotionals.  Thanks so much for this wonderful app!!!
B004EBT5CU|5.0|I was wondering when someone,anyone would put British music back to where it belongs.........at the top of it's game.  When we can get our act together, we are untouchable. Adele has achieved this feat with such aplomb. What song writing, clever melodies, delicious lyrics, it's all there in this CD. And as an added plus, she is so down to earth with that heavy London accent.Yes Darlin' I know all about Shepard's Bush and Hammersmith.  Let's hope she can keep her feet on the ground and become the superstar that is within her grasp.  I've just bought the Blu-ray DVD of her concert at the Royal Albert Hall, another stunning performance.  Can it get any better than this ?  Enough said !!
0062073486|5.0|And Then There  Were None by Agatha Christine.  In the intro, the  book describes the characters and  what they are  going for. The background was in the late 1930's. In the newspaper  they described who owned the island.  The island was called Solider Island or Indian Island.  There were ten people who were invited to the inland. On the first night  they heard a  creepy voice talking about the ten people and of the murders that they  had doned.  After the creepy voice people got murdered and people got  worried and crazy.<br /><br />People were wondering who  was  killing the people but nobody  knew.  People were curious who was Mr. Owen and Mrs. Owens.  People were getting  crazy because someone was on the  island with them.  This book will keep you on the tip of your seats and you will get creeped out  about what will happen to the people.<br /><br />I encourage you  to read the epilogue  because  you will think  you are done with the book, but you will be wrong. People think that you are at the end  but really you are not. I recommend  this book for  a lot of reasons. My first reason is if you like mystery and creepy -- this book is for you for sure.  Second reason is it was an excellent book and this is one of my favorite books that I have read in years.
B0071XO8RA|5.0|I literally couldn't put this down or sleep until I finished it. The story was griping and I recommend it for anyone looking for a great read.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|Amazing imagination...great storyline...lovable characters...a must have for your library! I am anxiously awaiting the movie and hope they do this book the justice it deserves!
B0062NAX1U|5.0|I had heard from so many people, from all walks of life, that this movie was heartwarming, heart-wrenching and a great movie. I heard this from men and women alike...but when I was told by several of my law enforcement friends that this movie rocked-I felt like I needed to check it out! So glad that I did! I bought a copy and watched it over the weekend with my niece, daughter and preacher brother-in-law. You know how teenagers are-they said they would watch it-but were busy making snacks and texting on their phones. But when they really sat down to watch it-they were glued to the screen! They laughed, they cried, and were very touched by the entire movie-we all were! This is definitely worth watching and is a great family movie-I don't care how old you are!
B000CNESU8|4.0|NETWORK is a film that comes up over and over in discussions of American films. I've heard people say that NETWORK was the film that inspired them to enter the TV or Film business. It's a film I had heard so much about but have never seen but now it was time.<br />Cinematically, the film is seriously dated. I don't know why much older films don't have that \\"dated\\" feel like NETWORK. Maybe it is too close yet just far enough from the present that it looks awkward.<br />Ironically, the story behind NETWORK is as relative now as it was in the 1970's. Trouble in the Middle East, Terrorism, Unemployment, a Stiffled Economy, Raising Oil and Food prices and people are made and can't take it anymore. Are we talking about 1976 or today?<br />Peter Finch is formerly popular newscaster Howard Beale. His ratings are dropping and he is about to get the axe. All he has to do to create a media sensation is to threaten to kill himself on air. He is suddenly the toast of the town and his ratings soar. Enter a lovely and young Faye Dunaway as the heartless TV executive and suddenly no topic is sacred or forbidden. Hey, why not follow a group of terrorists around as they commit crimes? It's all for ratings and makes great TV or does it?<br />The story is amazingly relevant despite the excessively dark theme. It's a great cast. Faye Dunaway is at her loveliest and her most talented. Sadly, Peter Finch and William Holden are at the twilight of their remarkable careers. Finch died not long after filming and won a posthumous Academy Award as best actor for his role. That was a first. Dashing William Holden looks much older and more haggard than a 58 year old. He begins an affair with Dunaway and she refers to him as \\"middle-aged.\\" Robert Duvall looked the same even 30+ years ago.<br />Be sure to overlook the 70's hairstyles and clothing and delve deeper into the psychological impact of the story. There are lots of specific cultural references to popular TV shows and personalities and events of that era. It is a time capsule of information.<br />NETWORK is flawed at times and very dated visually but the deep look into the media and the psyche of America is rivoting. NETWORK should be on any film fan's list.s a time capsule of information.  NETWORK is flawed at times and very dated visually but the deep look into the media and the psyche of America is rivoting. NETWORK should be on any film fan's list.
0061478784|5.0|I found this book by accident while searching for a copy of Myazaki's movie of the same title, and what a happy accident it was.  While I still love the film version, the book, as always, blows it out of the water. If you liked the movie, the novel offers the same charm and imagination with even more depth and delight. It takes a special book to make me gush, but, golly, I'll rant about this little masterpiece all night long. Luckily, for you, I've cut it short without giving too much away.<br /><br />Jones is a master at her craft, filling her tale with wit, heart, and a wonderful cast of unique and endearing characters adventuring through an intriguing plot with plenty of mystery and magic. The humor throughout Howl's is quirky, creative, and laugh-out-loud funny (the scene when Michael and Sophie try to fix Howl's suit . . . oh my . . . ).<br />I'm big on characters--some people love great settings, some people love action, some people love Freudian slips, but I'm a character person. If the story doesn't have characters that feel like I could meet them on the street (yes, even the most remarkable heroes must buy groceries, you know), I just don't get into a book.  Jones, however, has a wealth of characters, all memorable, all flawed, all gifted, and all nuzzling their ways into your heart.  They work together wonderfully, Michael bringing youth naivety and Calcifer carries the mystery while  Sophie's practical yet spunky personality and dry wit are perfectly matched against Howl's clever, flamboyant, and often exasperating nature, making sparks fly in a hilarious fireworks display.<br /><br />Jones has brought back the magic of the fantasy story--a visit to a world we always knew existed with characters you feel you may find outside your door.  Nothing feels contrived or forced or leaves you frowning at a lame, shallow explanation (or complete lack thereof, something lesser authors seem to think readers won't pick up on). I could very well buy a plane ticket to Ingary, if I liked, or at least find it in another fairy story where eldest sisters have all the worst luck (Jones does a wonderful job of referring to the tradition fairy tale while creating a new story all her own).<br /><br />Once you visit Howl's, you'll never want to come back.least find it in another fairy story where eldest sisters have all the worst luck (Jones does a wonderful job of referring to the tradition fairy tale while creating a new story all her own).  Once you visit Howl's, you'll never want to come back.
B002GY9F9K|1.0|If you have read and liked the book, DO NOT WATCH THIS! The characters have become a pale shadow of what they are in the novel due to a somewhat lacking dialog in addition of not being able to hear the thoughts of major characters. If you enjoy cheesy tv shows w/ not much thought put into them you might enjoy this show. However, because I was unable to enjoy this tv adaptation of the enjoyable series does not mean others who have no interest in reading the book will not enjoy it. I was gritting my teeth the whole time I watched an episode, thank goodness I didn't have to buy it and could watch it on Netflix (which is awesome by the way).<br /><br />HBO's series Game of Thrones is a prime example of how a book adaptation should be done. It didn't make many changes to the story if any at all, and it had great acting among many other bright spots.<br /><br />It makes me sad to see such a great book turned into such an aweful tv series. Instead of saying \\"based on the novel Wizard's First Rule\\" it should say something to the effect of \\"we kinda glanced at the cover and had a low budget so we thought we should try this book out as a tv series and we'll get some plot ideas by reading a word here and there from the actual book.\\"
B0054JZC6E|4.0|not to shabby .... ..... ..... .... .... ... ..to.. ... .. ... .. .. . . ... ... ... .. . ,... .. . ..
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Its great the games are easy the only thing I don't like is that you have to figure out how to play the games.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|I wish I could download it my dad says no I cant so I am sad but it looks fun to play
B005SFR7YE|4.0|I'm a huge Phantom of the Opera fan, and was horribly disappointed by Hollywood's version. Somehow THIS production was able to find a cast that not only looked the part bust also possessed talent. I have never met a Raoul I liked, but Hadley Fraser brought so much personality into a role that's often lacking. Sierra Boggess was a very tolerable Christine. However, while I liked Ramin Karimloo as Enjolras in the 25th Anniversary Les Miz, I was not fond of his performance as Phantom. He was too pop-singery to be THE PHANTOM if you know what I mean.<br /><br />I was delighted by a surprise visit from Colm Wilkinson. I had not known he had ever played the Phantom, but, man, I wish I had a recording of THAT. It was a shame that the four surprise Phantoms weren't in the show, and hearing/seeing Sarah Brightman was wonderful.<br /><br />The overall production brought parts of the story to my attention that had previously gone out the window or over my head. This production did a good job at finding the important moments of the plot and letting them shine forth. It really was a marvelous production and well worth the money. If you're a Phantom fan, ditch the movie and get this.
0756656230|5.0|This two part book is fantastic if you are a LEGO fan.  The smaller of the two books focuses on minifigs alone and there are some great photos and nostalgic information on these from the time they were first introduced until what they are today.  The larger book focues on LEGO itself and the history, creation and manufacture of this terrific ageless toy.  Highly recommend this book to all.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I think that this solitaire game is one of the best on k fire!!!  :)  :)  :)  :)  :) compared to other reviews on other solitaire games, this has the most and the best!!!!!
098478280X|5.0|While reading this book, you aren't just learning (possibly) more than you did at college about programming, but you're beating the interview system! There are only a limited number of questions an interviewer can ask, and Gayle covers that spread gloriously. Every answer is in the back of the book with detailed (very detailed) explanations.<br /><br />One of the questions came up during an interview, \\"How do you detect a loop in a linked list\\". I immediately was able to give them the answer. The interviewer remarked that no one had answered that question correctly. The competitive edge you gain from reading this is worth SO MUCH more than the price. This book is priceless.<br /><br />I urge you to do as I did and read at least half of this book before you begin your career search. Most of it should be very familiar to the computer science major.
B0064X7FVE|5.0|a bunch a people r talking bout how this app doesn't have a map! it does but no radar it shows the rain and snow but doesn't show something hour loops. Since I have a kindle fire than I just go on my local news website and look there. WE HAVE THE WEB PEOPLE USE IT!
B004UHSB5A|3.0|I like the gameplay but the dominoes really should be bigger, they are too tiny for my Kindle Fire screen.
B004SJ3AXI|1.0|Grandson was playing this game and X rated ad popped up. Totally unacceptable on a game meant for all ages to play.
B00005QW5X|5.0|great songs with pathos and humor, delight, and this came about 15 years after the original Hedwig and her band which is amazing, too. [[ASIN:B001MKHU00 Send in the Clown: Live Radio Broadcasts of Performance Poet Hedwig Gorski]] i wonder if they have anything in common. Also, this memoir by the original Hedwig has a script called \\"Booby, Mama!\\" their troupe put on in the streets starring a hermaphrodite. [[ASIN:1427604754 Intoxication: Heathcliff on Powell Street]] I wonder what these two great and quirky Hedwigs have in common. Goodly entertaining anyway.
B004FOA84A|5.0|I enjoyed this game, even my 7 yr had fun (with my help). I was disapponinted when it ended. Wish that i could go on another adventure.
B0056BMK6K|3.0|I'll confess I'm late to the party reviewing this. I bought it because I was wondering what the fuss was all about. The author sold a million books in seconds, going from an unknown to a superstar. I've read the excerpts from two of his books, but wasn't motivated to buy based on what I saw. But you have to respect a million books sold in half the time it takes to make a baby.  What I discovered was a good collection of advice and tips you can find on the web. Build a social media network with twitter and facebook. Start a blog. Write one that goes viral. Sell a million books. Write books your target audience wants to read. All good advice, and some things easier to say than do. IT felt more like a rah rah session than an explanation or a guide though in many places. And I was left in the end wondering how he sold the million books. I'm not a writer, but it was an interesting look at the marketing side of what they go through. Having read this, I now have more respect for the amount of work it must take to get a book into the world. It seems writing it is just the beginning.
B0033TJATW|5.0|I had not seen this movie in over 20 years. My son loves Michael Jackson and just loves this movie. Very satisfied with my purchase!!!
B004UHSB5A|2.0|game tends to lock up and or puts domino in wrong place could be better so fix it mr developer
0743201140|5.0|Book arrived in excellent condition. However, I did not like the course.  The research was conducted over a 25 year period; and a lot of impressive numbers were highlighted.  But; Gallup failed to provide the statistics regarding the companies that were actually employing their suggestions; and benefiting.
B0067Q42BY|5.0|fun game and a bit addictive! also easy to learn - I also like story as you go through quest. The changing symbols add a challenge and freshness to new puzzles
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Its so fun because you get 120 games for the price(there is no price)  of one.GET IT!!!!!You'll have tons of fun.This ail become your favorite app.Have fun playing!!!!!!!
B0063IH60K|5.0|I have the Kindle Fire and this runs great. It will offer you the option to look at whatever it is that the add is. But it is Very low key and vanishes with just a tap. Love the game.
B0038W0OIK|2.0|2 meses y fueron los mejores audios que he probado! la tarjeta de sonido 7.1 fue lo que me quedo de ellos! falla el audio derecho ahora, derepente falla el izquierdo! FUERON LO MEJOR MIENTRAS FUNCIONARON A LA PERFECCION ...
0738702994|3.0|these cards are beautiful in every way but the feel of it is not so good. They are of thin material that wear easily. The edges are worn down from shuffling just a few times and it is not easy to shuffle as they are very thin. They just don't feel like cards - on a good note the art work is beautiful and it is easy to read if you are familiar with rider waite deck.
B0071QIN00|1.0|This game is so bad, the angles of the ramps are awful, you cant get speed going, the ramps need to be more smooth
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this gamed is cool. I just don't like some of the games personally. some of them are easy and some are hard. but you have to beat them to get more.
B004MC8CA2|4.0|This app. is great! I love that I can read the nlt version! My fav. The only reason I didn't give a five is it's online only! :(
B0055SWM08|4.0|At the cost, you'll be hard pressed to find a better puzzle game.  visually stimulating and perfect for a tablet.
B006R8GK2Q|5.0|This game is so sweet with the minigames, graphics, and gosh darn humorous. You would to be one bland person to think this is lame.
B004UHSB5A|4.0|I think I'm feeling generous because I beat the AI my first time but the game is pretty fun. It ran fine. Sure, the dominoes could be bigger and it'd be nice to have two player and online player options.  My only real complaint was the lining up of your tile was too exacting. Even with the green shading I had to move the tile slowly over the tile it would be next to and gently release it without any sudden movements.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|xvvbbhfgv cfhffby tbfgcg vdvgf. gdhytvt fthyfgrv sggsvgvfcgsg cgxgxyfyc gdyfughcv dufuguvjv bfufjggctx dfhrfnjb gfbcjj ggdvhgg jhsx v jfc.jnj dgghihxdvhu dthkgfgj hxchkkgg fgvgjnmlllcde dhujjfxbt chnjjm
B004I744AS|3.0|not bad for a kindle app.  still, that is not saying much. kindle has proved to get in its own way in my 12 hrs of using it so far.
B0067Q42BY|3.0|the app locks up on my dual core but not the quad. The levels are a good challenge. the story line is really cheesy
B0067Q42BY|5.0|I like, fun and colorful. Very different type of game play, makes it that more interesting. Do I have enough words?
B004SJ3AXI|1.0|love this game but recently experienced sex ads on free version.  come on people!  my kids are playing this game! will rate 5 stars if it stops.  otherwise deleting from all devices!
B002BSHXJA|5.0|I've listened to the Beatles in a variety of formats but I must say this is the best I've ever heard them.  I was actually surprised that I liked the psychedelic music, particularly  Magical Mystery Tour, more here than on the stereo mixes I've heard - it just seems strange that even when trying to blow their listeners' minds they did it better in mono...<br /><br />Every Beatles fan should have this set.  In fact, if you even have a minor liking of the Beatles you need to hear them how they originally intended you to hear them.  Great music that has never sounded better.
B006ON41FC|5.0|absolutely a good time!!! the board always remains the same but the goals are definitely interesting.... and if you like nuts your rank should be highly entertaining...
B004ZNACA6|5.0|I used to be a huge Floyd fan but haven't really paid them much attention in years.  That is until my wife bought me this beautiful set for Christmas.  In the 2 months since then I have been, um, I hate to use these terms - I've been re-Discovering Pink Floyd.<br /><br />It all sounds just fantastic and that is really what I think.  Some reviews complain that such a visual band as Pink Floyd deserves a more visual package but I think it's all about the sound - the visuals are in my mind.  And, as I said, the sound is great.<br /><br />I only have 1 minor complaint - I wished they had included the non-album music such as Julia Dream or Arnold Lane.<br /><br />Now that I have re-Discovered Pink Floyd I am once more  a huge fan, particularly of my forgotten favorite, Wish You Were Here.
B0037W68F4|1.0|I'm very embarrassed to have purchased this cd. I heard Congratulations on a movie soundtrack and found it a bit captivating. And I wanted to support a fellow Memphian. But this is just garbage from one end to the other. Lots of noise. Very childish and cheesy lyrics. I kept forwarding to the next song until it, and my suffering, was over.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I think u should. make a. 101 games. 20 2 My favorite part about the game is. everythinkg  ben j sbsj dbdh djdjd
B0063GORYU|5.0|I mistook this for freecell, and was pleasantly surprised. now I won't go back! i will be reccomending it to my friends
0399159029|5.0|Do you know the Bernie Gunther, Philip Kerr's Nazi-era Berlin detective? Berliners are known for their cynicism and mordant humor, but even among Berliners, Bernie Gunther stands out. Like a German Sam Spade, Bernie is a wisecracking, tough-talking hardhead who stubbornly refuses to kowtow to anybody, even when he knows it would be a lot better for his health and wellbeing.<br /><br />It's 1941 and Bernie has returned to Berlin from the Eastern Front. He's relieved to have left the East, but he's not happy and is unlikely ever to be happy again. He's seen too much, done too much. As a member of the SD, the intelligence arm of the SS, he witnessed \\"special actions,\\" in which Jews--men, women and children--were murdered en masse, and with he personally executed Russian POWs suspected of being agents for the Soviet NKVD intelligence service.<br /><br />Now back as a detective with Berlin's Kriminalpolizei (\\"Kripo\\"), Bernie is investigating the suspicious death of a railway worker who'd come to Berlin from the Netherlands. That's his official investigation.  His unofficial investigation begins when he rescues a young woman from an attack on the menacing, blacked-out streets of the capital. If there's one thing Bernie can't resist, it's a beautiful damsel in distress, and this bar girl has landed herself in some real trouble.<br /><br />A man with no sympathy for the Nazi cause or the Nazis he's met, Bernie has always tried to keep away from powers that be in the Third Reich. But, not for the first time, he is collared for a special assignment by Reinhard Heydrich, head of both the Gestapo and the Kripo, and newly-appointed Reichsprotektor of Bohemia and Moravia (the current Czech Republic). Heydrich is not only Bernie's ultimate boss, he is also known as \\"Hitler's Hangman\\" and \\"the man with the iron heart.\\"  Heydrich tells Bernie that there is a conspiracy to murder him and he wants Bernie to become part of Heydrich's detail and find the would-be murderer.<br /><br />In the countryside near Prague, at Heydrich's palatial home (stolen from a Jewish family), Bernie has to rub shoulders with a large collection of Nazi bigwigs, there ostensibly to celebrate Heydrich's appointment as Reichsprotektor.  They are every bit as unsavory as Bernie knew they would be, and Bernie hopes to finish his assignment and get out of Prague as soon as possible.  His hopes are dashed when, one morning, the body of Heydrich's new adjutant is found shot twice in his locked bedroom.<br /><br />Heydrich puts Bernie in charge of the investigation. It's a puzzler. How was the man killed in a locked room?  Is there something in this new adjutant's past that led to his murder? Is there a thread that connects the adjutant's murder, the attempts to murder Heydrich, Heydrich's search for a Czech spy within Germany's upper echelons and maybe even Bernie's investigations back in Berlin? On a more personal note, what price will Bernie have to pay for subjecting Heydrich's high-powered Nazi thugs to questioning, Gunther-smartmouth-style?<br /><br />Author Philip Kerr walks a fine line with the Bernie Gunther series. The books are written in a wisecracking style, and we laugh at Bernie's observations about the absurdities of life in the Third Reich. But, over the years of his experience with the Nazis, he never kids himself about what he learns of the depths of their depravity or makes excuses about the complicity of all Germans, himself included, in the regime's crimes.<br /><br />The previous books in the Bernie Gunther series are described at the end of this review, and you'll see that this novel and its predecessor are the first to go into detail about Bernie's World War II experiences, including his service in the SS. Kerr manages to keep Bernie a deeply flawed but sympathetic character despite that. In Bernie, we see a man in a country gone mad, where conventional morality has been subverted to a genocidally racist philosophy. He is faced with horrible choices and his moral dilemmas force us to ask ourselves what we would do in Bernie's situation.<br /><br />Kerr is clearly well-versed in the history of Nazi Germany. He places Bernie in the midst of real characters and events, and weaves together fact and fiction to make an entirely believable story. Kerr doesn't use his depth of knowledge in a show-offish way but, instead, he subtly imbues every scene with the language, sights, sounds, tastes and smells of the time and place, so that the overall effect is that we live in that world with Bernie.<br /><br />Although this is the eighth book in the Bernie Gunther series, it can easily be read on its own, without having read other books in the series.  In some ways, it's a bit of a departure from the other books in the series, because of the country-house, locked-room aspect that is reminiscent of a Golden Age mystery (Agatha Christie is even referenced). It's also a much more straightforward narrative than some of the recent books, which have tended to tell stories set in two or more time periods and places.  But what hasn't changed is what has always made this series so compelling: powerful characterization and storytelling, and a masterful mix of fact and fiction.<br /><br />ABOUT REINHARD HEYDRICH<br /><br />Even powerful figures in the SS and the Nazi Party were afraid of Reinhard Heydrich, and with reason. By all accounts, he was relentless and heartless. Together with his boss, Heinrich Himmler, and Herrmann G&ouml;ring, he planned the murder of most members of the SS's rival, the SA, and its head, Ernst R&ouml;hm, in what is called the Night of Long Knives. He used the Gestapo to punish anyone who might be a threat to Nazism or the SS.<br /><br />Heydrich chaired the infamous Wannsee Conference, at which the Final Solution to the Jewish Problem was elaborated. He organized many of the key elements of the Holocaust program from its earliest days, including Kristallnacht, special killing operations on the Eastern Front, forced transports of Jews to ghettos and to death camps. If you would like to read more about Heydrich, I recommend Robert Gerwarth's [[ASIN:030011575X Hitler's Hangman: The Life of Heydrich]].<br /><br />OTHER BOOKS IN THE BERNIE GUNTHER SERIES<br /><br />Here is a brief description of each of the other books in the Bernie Gunther series, in publication order:<br /><br />[[ASIN:0142004146 March Violets (Bernie Gunther)]]. Set in 1936, after Bernie has been effectively forced out of the Kripo by the Nazi takeover and is acting as a private investigator.<br /><br />[[ASIN:0142004154 The Pale Criminal (Bernie Gunther)]]. Set in 1938, Bernie has a run-in with Heydrich, who dragoons Bernie back into the Kripo to investigate the murders of teenage girls.<br /><br />[[ASIN:0142004022 A German Requiem (Bernie Gunther)]]. The timeframe jumps all the way forward to 1946 and the smoking rubble of a defeated and chaotic Berlin. After spending the war in the SS and as a Russian POW, Bernie is again a PI, trying to find the killer of an American GI.<br /><br />The first three books in the Bernie Gunther series are also available in an omnibus volume titled [[ASIN:0140231706 Berlin Noir: March Violets; The Pale Criminal; A German Requiem]].  After writing the first three books in the series, Kerr took a 15-year hiatus, writing standalone thrillers, before resuming the Bernie Gunther story.<br /><br />[[ASIN:0143112295 The One from the Other: A Bernie Gunther Novel]]. Set in 1949, Bernie is married, but his wife is in a mental hospital after suffering a breakdown. Bernie is managing his father-in-law's failing hotel located practically next door to the site of the Dachau death camp. But Bernie returns to the PI business, working to track down a client's missing war-criminal husband. This introduces Bernie to the sinister operations that help Nazis escape justice by spiriting them out of the country and, generally, to South America.<br /><br />[[ASIN:0143116487 A Quiet Flame: A Novel (Bernie Gunther)]]. This novel tells two stories. One is set in 1950 when Bernie, framed as a war criminal, becomes part of a secret transport of Nazis to Juan Per&oacute;n's Argentina. There, Bernie is forced by the local police to help them solve the gruesome murder of a young woman. The case resembles two unsolved murders Bernie investigated in 1932, when he was a detective with the Kripo. There are many flashbacks to Bernie in 1932.<br /><br />[[ASIN:B005OI0VIO If the Dead Rise Not: A Bernie Gunther Novel (Bernie Gunther Novels)]]. In another dual-narrative novel, we go back to 1934 Berlin, where Bernie is a house detective at the famed Adlon. In the later narrative, Bernie is in 1954 Havana, where he becomes involved with some of the US mobsters doing business there.<br /><br />[[ASIN:0143120727 Field Gray: A Bernie Gunther Novel]]. The first book in the series to describe Bernie's WW2 experiences in detail. The book begins where the preceding book left off: 1954 Havana. Bernie is taken captive on a US naval vessel and is spirited back to Europe and made a pawn in the deadly espionage games of the Cold War powers. The story revisits Bernie's time in an SS \\"police battalion\\" during the war, his being a Soviet POW in nightmarish camps, imprisoned again in France and then coerced into becoming a field agent for both the French and US intelligence services. A complex story.ansports of Jews to ghettos and to death camps. If you would like to read more about Heydrich, I recommend Robert Gerwarth's [[ASIN:030011575X Hitler's Hangman: The Life of Heydrich]].<br /><br />OTHER BOOKS IN THE BERNIE GUNTHER SERIES<br /><br />Here is a brief description of each of the other books in the Bernie Gunther series, in publication order:<br /><br />[[ASIN:0142004146 March Violets (Bernie Gunther)]]. Set in 1936, after Bernie has been effectively forced out of the Kripo by the Nazi takeover and is acting as a private investigator.<br /><br />[[ASIN:0142004154 The Pale Criminal (Bernie Gunther)]]. Set in 1938, Bernie has a run-in with Heydrich, who dragoons Bernie back into the Kripo to investigate the murders of teenage girls.<br /><br />[[ASIN:0142004022 A German Requiem (Bernie Gunther)]]. The timeframe jumps all the way forward to 1946 and the smoking rubble of a defeated and chaotic Berlin. After spending the war in the SS and as a Russian POW, Bernie is again a PI, trying to find the killer of an American GI.<br /><br />The first three books in the Bernie Gunther series are also available in an omnibus volume titled [[ASIN:0140231706 Berlin Noir: March Violets; The Pale Criminal; A German Requiem]].  After writing the first three books in the series, Kerr took a 15-year hiatus, writing standalone thrillers, before resuming the Bernie Gunther story.<br /><br />[[ASIN:0143112295 The One from the Other: A Bernie Gunther Novel]]. Set in 1949, Bernie is married, but his wife is in a mental hospital after suffering a breakdown. Bernie is managing his father-in-law's failing hotel located practically next door to the site of the Dachau death camp. But Bernie returns to the PI business, working to track down a client's missing war-criminal husband. This introduces Bernie to the sinister operations that help Nazis escape justice by spiriting them out of the country and, generally, to South America.<br /><br />[[ASIN:0143116487 A Quiet Flame: A Novel (Bernie Gunther)]]. This novel tells two stories. One is set in 1950 when Bernie, framed as a war criminal, becomes part of a secret transport of Nazis to Juan Pern's Argentina. There, Bernie is forced by the local police to help them solve the gruesome murder of a young woman. The case resembles two unsolved murders Bernie investigated in 1932, when he was a detective with the Kripo. There are many flashbacks to Bernie in 1932.<br /><br />[[ASIN:B005OI0VIO If the Dead Rise Not: A Bernie Gunther Novel (Bernie Gunther Novels)]]. In another dual-narrative novel, we go back to 1934 Berlin, where Bernie is a house detective at the famed Adlon. In the later narrative, Bernie is in 1954 Havana, where he becomes involved with some of the US mobsters doing business there.<br /><br />[[ASIN:0143120727 Field Gray: A Bernie Gunther Novel]]. The first book in the series to describe Bernie's WW2 experiences in detail. The book begins where the preceding book left off: 1954 Havana. Bernie is taken captive on a US naval vessel and is spirited back to Europe and made a pawn in the deadly espionage games of the Cold War powers. The story revisits Bernie's time in an SS \\"police battalion\\" during the war, his being a Soviet POW in nightmarish camps, imprisoned again in France and then coerced into becoming a field agent for both the French and US intelligence services. A complex story.
B004J1DBJI|5.0|As a physics major and mathematics minor, I was first introduced to Wolfram Alpha via Wolfram's Mathematica Program. So I was excited to see Wolfram had released Alpha for mobile devices, as it has the full functionality of Mathematica behind it. Combined with its search algorithms, this is easily one of the best programs on the market.  For anyone looking for a TI-89 type calculator for their device, look no further. Alpha will compute your integrals and derivatives, graph your equations, and solve for your variables, and you don't even have to type the equations and mathematical symbols in. Just tell it in plain English what you want, and it's normally very good at interpreting things correctly.  For those looking for something siri-like, than  this is the program you want. While it lacks the ability to talk to you, many of Alpha's search algorithms were used in Siri. If it can't find the information you need, you probably aren't being specific enough.  Overall, an excellent program, highly recommended.
B0063GORYU|5.0|I Like this version.  I have started playing this more than free cell.  I wasn't a fan of solitaire so I will  Never play regular solitaire again.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This game is very addictive, very fun, and also very high amounts of fun game are in this game :D
B00632HWOG|1.0|this says. there is an update but it will not update. I have tried several times with no success. Is anyone else having this problem?
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I think it is great that amazon can help increase God's  word to the world I hope every one will love having a little more God in their life and in electronics
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love this app. thanks for making it. I love all the different versions and the audio part. God bless you all.
B0058VW36U|5.0|i love this game its hours of fun and a great game. definitely worth trying its totally worth the money at least it was to me
B005K17RU0|3.0|Looks like it could be a good application but still has issues with the Fire.  I can get it too work but too much trouble to deal with. I also have my doubts about the accuracy of the forecast. Local weather is calling for up to 6 in of snow while this app is only predicting less than an inch.  Maybe the bugs will be worked out eventually.
B006ON41FC|4.0|fun to play and very adicting.great to play I love it.best for ages five to fifteen.it is worth the money
B0067Q42BY|3.0|This is a great game. the startup ads, however, are annoying and inappropriate in a paid app.  5 stars if no ads.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|love it it is amazing great fun must have fun for whole family cant stop playing it and make mor3eeee
B0067Q42BY|5.0|This game has been very hard to put down. Multiple styles of play make it nice for time restraints. Works great on the HTC Thunderbolt. Highly recommend.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|The now famous Angry Birds by Rovio Ent is finally available on your Kindle Fire or Android Device! This game packs a punch with it's levels, amazing graphics and more! If you're not familiar with Angry Birds(and I hope you are familiar), then here is a quick overview:<br /><br />You are a group of happy living birds. You take a journey, come back, and find your eggs missing! You find out that it's the pigs who took them and you declare war to get them back<br /><br />Here is an overview of the birds and their abilities:<br /><br />Red Bird: The original classic bird we all know and love.... packs a punch on the pigs.<br />Blue Bird: This small guy has a special surprise.... if you tap him, he unleashes a  triple threat!<br />Yellow Bird: This bird is literally a yellow flash....tap him and he zips to the target with super speed!<br />White Bird: A very nervous bird... if you tap him, he drops and egg-bomb and then flies away....<br /><br />These are only a few of the many birds you can play as on Angry Birds. What are you waiting for? BUY IT NOW!<br /><br />-DrizzyRV
B000002J09|5.0|i get tired of people giving reviews of a group / album / CD / when it is obvious they don't like the band, don't know anything about the music or band, don't care for classic rock music and actually name bands that have nothing in common with the music they are reviewing to compare too but have the balls to complain about something they have no right to review. Anyone who would give this CD anything besides a 5 star rating is showing their ignorance about classic rock and their lack of good taste, please you people please only rate something that you can relate too and talk about with a little bit of knowledge. Now to the CD, no doubt it is the best Led Zep of all time, 1, 2, 3 and Physical were very good, at least 4.5 stars each but this CD is the absolute best Led could ever do, they are at their peak here. If you like classic rock, hard and soulful, please buy this CD, you will not be sorry
B001BKXUOQ|5.0|I know, lots of people have said that this isn't Slipknot's best album. Personally, I think it's a fantastic album. I think they did a great job with it. I'm pleased that they've changing their sound up a little bit. Don't get me wrong, I love their old stuff as well. But it's nice to have some change. The only complaint I have about this CD/DVD combo is the DVD. It's a bit strange, and it's not shot very well. It's done on a hand-held camera, and it's just clips of they guys rehearsing, firecrackers, and the guys walking around in those huge heads seen in the Psychosocial music video. Other than that, I'm very happy with this purchase, and this album.
B006T5G73Y|5.0|Just bought the blue ray of J. Edgar and was totally entertained and enlighten by this visionary icon of our Government's history. The history of the FBI was a vision of J.Edgar for the centralization and scientific categorizing of crimes against and in our country. He used his mastery of using secrets in advantage to grow this dept to become a vitual force in our countries intelligence. His methods seems at times like blackmail but overall you can see the good in his intentions to nuture and develope his goal. He was out for the good of the country in correctly collectioning and categorizing a central unit or dept for crimes against basically humanity.  Leonardo carried the character with sensitivity in humanizing him into a vulnerable character you can understand with compassion regardless of his sexuality. You admire him for his visionary and patriotism in trying to help create a force to combat evil forces towards Americans. There are touching scenes between J.Edgar and his life long assistant and confidante which I felt was handle with great directing by Clint Eastwood. If you are not open minded you most likely will not be able to process it so that part of it you might not understannd. I felt it was well done and I felt and could understand the human love between the two characters. This is a great film to have in anyone's collection. Great acting, directing and historical.  Another great display of Dicaprio's wonderful acting skills.
0439023491|3.0|When I first started reading 'The Hunger Games', I had no idea it was a trilogy, until the last page of the first book.<br /><br />Since that first book was so extraordinary, I felt that this was a gift from the author and where could she possibly take the reader, without rehashing the first book?<br /><br />'Catching Fire', while very good could not compare to the first book.  Often times, I found the settings and challenges to be confusing.  The newer characters were too late in development, and the end a mish mosh at times.<br /><br />Still it was a 'good' read.<br /><br />Perusing reviews of book three, I am on the fence as to whether I shall read it.<br />Will keep you posted!<br /><br />Update...read book three...and .....!!!!
B005K2XUPK|3.0|This ENVELOPE Sleeve Case for the Kindle Fire is well made and attractive. That said, it's not what everyone wants. For me, the Kindle requires something that opens \\"book style\\" and the PERFECT cover would have an insert for for (paper) notes. This case is nice to carry and protect, but not convenient for  everyone's use.
B000059T1E|4.0|The first side of Traffics LP John Barleycorne must Die is essential to any classic rock lovers collection.  Glad is one of the best insturmental jams of the decade, I love how this song flows right into the other wordly masterpiece Freedom Rider.  Things kick into maximum gear with the toe tapping Empty Pages,  Winwoods signiture organ shredding on this track sounds better than ever.  Stranger to Himself is short and nifty but nothing special.  Things pick up again with the surreal horse opera that is John Barleycorn,  Chris Wood's flute solo is hauntingly beautiful and is the best part of this track for me. The other songs on this album dont stand out to me as anything very memorable, however, the highlights on this album more than make up for them.  If you are ever feeling down in the dumps than I highly recommend you put on the song Glad from this album,  its infectious joy will really cheer you up.
0739384171|5.0|I am really looking forward to the 3rd book. If it's anything like the 1st 2 it will not disappoint.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|Overall this book was held my attention. There were well detailed action scenes, as well as a pleasing slower-paced chapters that flowed well throughout the book. This book made it so that I could feel what the narrator of the story was feeling. I am excited to get started on the 2nd book, so far Suzanne Collins has come up with a brilliant storyline.
1416955070|3.0|I'm coming away from this one a little disappointed, but I didn't dislike the book...  THE GOOD:  This was Clare's debut into the Shadowhunter world, and she did it was great finesse. Her world planning was well thought out and she delivered an excellent array of characters. Her writing was great - not as good as it has obviously developed into with the newest of her installments, but still very, very good. I enjoyed the ride and I will certainly be reading the rest of the series  THE BAD:  This book wasn't bad, it's just it took me a lot longer to read than her others I've read thus far. I kept thinking to myself that she has a bit of a formula: girl who doesn't know what she is, snarky & sarcastic boy, and a gentle soul boy. Not to say it isn't a good combo, but I guess I just wished that the main character roles weren't quite so similar. The twists were a bit more in plain sight than in her other books too, but I believe that is something that again she's honed after all of the great books she's put out. So the bad isn't bad, it's just not my taste. Still, it's a good book.  OVERALL:  Clare is still by far one of my favorite authors. This just wasn't my favorite book from her. I think I'm going to give Clare a rest for a bit and come back to her Mortal Devices series after having read a couple different books, just so it's fresh again. I still recommend her books vehemently, I just think it might be time for a change in palate for me. :)  RATING: 3 of 5 Books
B001AP11KW|5.0|These guys are great and I just loved the music.  Each person brought something of their own style, but overall gave the group its own sound.  Love the lyrics of Hands.  I give it two thumbs and four fingers UP.
B005KJJ4F8|5.0|Three words: READ. THIS. NOW.  This book is SO much fun! Oh my gosh, I cannot express how much fun this was to read. Seriously, I loved it. I totally devoured it, and I have a 5-month old son to take care of, too. Thank goodness he decided to be good today, because I could NOT put this book down! :)  Seriously, why are you still sitting here, reading this review? GO GET THIS BOOK!  THE GOOD:  Where to begin. Wow. This was just a fantastic read. I loved Cinder, but I really hope that Meyer brings back Iko in the second installment. By ten pages in, I was hooked. This could have gone either way, being an idea of Cinderella, but Meyer made this into such a fantastical ride! I am rooting for Cinder, and I really hop that Emperor Kai gets his act together and ends up going after Cinder to be with her...because HE SHOULD!!! Swoon...Kai. I want more of him. :) Actually, I want more of every bit of this book! Thinking that it could be a year or more before the second one is released makes my heart hurt a little. Or a lot.  THE BAD:  Seriously, there's nothing bad about this book. Yes, it's a spinoff of Cinderella, therefore I could kind of see the plot twists before they came, but the tradeoff of that is the fact that Meyer made this so effortless to read and so DANG fun to read...I'm willing to take that. Gosh, I loved this book. See? I'm saying I loved it in the \\"bad\\" section, does that tell you anything? Lol.  CONCLUSION:  PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE go get this book. This is a stellar debut from Meyer and I cannot wait to get my hands on more of her books. If this is any indication of what's to come, the sky is the limit for her. Now, go write the second, third, fourth books, and give them to us for public consumption! :)  FAVORITE QUOTES:  \\"All those sticky buns,\\" Iko said as they passed a close-up of the blackened booth.  * * *  \\"I don't know. I don't actually remember anything from before the surgery.\\"  His eyebrows rose, his blue eyes sucking in all the light of the room.\\"The cybernetic operation?\\"  \\"No, the sex change.\\"  The doctor's smile faltered.  \\"I'm joking.\\"  RATING: 5 Books
B0054JZC6E|5.0|awesome ...additive you going to want to play all day..just wish the points for some games was not so high..
0938045695|5.0|I have used kettlebells off and on primarily during crossfit workouts, but I have not been exposed to a variety of movements. This book is a very good description of what to do and what not to do when using a kettlebell. The descriptions of the movements are easy to understand and the pictures do a good job of explaining most of the movements. I esspecially like the pictures illustrating what not to do. The author uses humor to illustrate bad form in the pictures, but each scenario is realistic.<br /><br />I would recommend using this text with a video camera to compare what you actually do to what you should be doing. When you dial in the form to what this book says, I have noticed a difference.
B003Y5HWJU|5.0|You will love this series.  The writing, wardrobe, and acting is brilliant.  It does contain some nudity and violence but it is tastefully portrayed.
B0067Q42BY|5.0|great user interface, gameplay, learnability -- all in all a very, very enjoyable version of Mahjong.  Although I got it via the free daily download for my Kindle Fire, it is well worth the $4.99 fee.
B00051E906|1.0|The screen broke within a day while being carried in a pocket, rendering the device basically unusable. The agents for the product in Japan insisted from the start that the only possible reason was customer misuse and were generally unpleasant to deal with. (The instructions are also in terrible English and the readings differ markedly from those of more sophisticated devices, but then proper accuracy is difficult at this kind of price).#
B000VZUWZW|4.0|Okay. I'll be the first to admit this show is guilty of an embarrassment of stereotypes and blatant misogyny. But it makes me laugh -- and I'm female. What can I say. I wasn't thrilled with the pilot, but I gave the second episode a chance and I was sold. \\"This isn't a home. This is a swirling vortex of entropy.\\" That's the line that did it.<br /><br />I give it 4 stars instead of 5 because I'll admit it is uneven. Some episodes go too far with the stereotypes -- but the ones that are good are hilarious. And I have a soft spot for a sit com where smart is cool -- even if it's in the guise of nerdiness.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I think that it is the best game ever and there is little to small problems like being just a little bit slow
145162445X|5.0|I had the distinct pleasure of getting to see Krauss and Richard Dawkins at ASU Gammage auditorium, and it was the greatest lecture I have ever heard. This book will either make you smarter, or befuddle you. It's that good!
B006ON41FC|3.0|very fun game, easy to play and very addictive. would be 5 stars but default &quot;on&quot; setting for Open Feint is annoying.
1455510319|5.0|I enjoy Michael Connelly as an author. His prose is excellent. I found his defense portrayal in this book very well written and realistic. The rhythm of the book was smooth and the twists in the plot kept me hooked. I've never had a bad read from Michael Connelly. He knows how to develop compelling characters and the range of topics in his books is quite diverse. He is a very intelligent author and is definitely my favorite fiction writer.
B0067Q42BY|4.0|The game fosters focus, relaxation, &amp; coordination.  I recommend for all ages. The music is soothing, the graphics are appealing, including the realistic backdrops.
0393061310|4.0|There has been much written about this book already in these reviews, so I won't belabor the many points which have already been made.  I thought this book was quite good.  It certainly changed and influenced many of the ways I view the development of mankind.  While I do not agree with all of the authors views, he has certainly delivered a tremendous effort.  The book is well worth reading.<br /><br />One point I found quite intriguing, and had not heard before, was that since the European landmass is so separated by mountains and rivers, it led to the formation of many different nations, contributing to the intra-continental competition.  As Diamond noted, this benefited individuals such as Christopher Columbus who had multiple monarchs to pitch his new route to the Indies voyage.  Though most turned him down, eventually he found a patron.<br /><br />I particularly appreciated Diamond's section at the end of the book on why, from his perspective, history is a science.  I happen to agree with that statement.  While we do not have to agree with every theory and hypothesis of history, if we treat it as a science we can develop a much greater understanding of why we are, as humanity, where we are today.  By the way, this scientific effort need not negate opinions of intelligent design and a Creator (not an opinion Diamond put forward in \\"Guns, Germs, and Steel: The Fates of Human Societies\\", but one I fee would fit the scientific/historical testing method.  Recommended!
B0063GORYU|4.0|This is one of my favorite games. It's easy to play and easy to learn. It's addicting to play because it is so much fun.
B006ON41FC|5.0|this game is fun. its addictive and the traffics are wonderful.I'm a girl that likes fun an addictive games.If I find a game an play it more than once its a guarantee its a great game.All of my freinds come to me to find out what's the new game they should download.I'm there game source and I olny give the best of best games to them. If its not fun to me then I know its not going to be fun to them. This is a take I just had to share with others!!!!!!
B0063IH60K|4.0|love it! can't put it down. love the shuffle &amp; sound effects.  like options available to change the pace of difficulty of the game.
B007C7UZIG|5.0|This is so awesome. It does everything the regular steam does except play games of course and voice chat. Hopefully they will the voice chat in the future
B0071MV540|5.0|From the trailer, ...didn't think I'd like it. Boy was I wrong. There are a lot of swear words, & language that most would probably rather not hear. The plot however was great. Some twists & unexpected turns and really funny! Good job Ben Stiller, Eddie Murphy & Matthew Broderick (Casey Affleck is ADORABLE as usual)!
B004GUSG4M|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  It is something completely different than the myriad of other novels I have read, and that in itself was refreshing.  It is masterfully written, and kept my interest throughout.  As I was reading, I kept wondering how the story would end, and it wasn't at all as I expected.  Even though I am writing this in February, I feel certain that this book will be one of my favorites of 2012.  I highly recommend it!
B004ODLUGM|3.0|I purchased this DVD and it is a nice story but it is very, very short.  I was expecting a movie length movie but this is signicantly shorter.  My kids saw it once and have not asked to see it again.
B004UHSB5A|1.0|this app I downloaded it to see if the other reviews were true they were!!! the dominos are tiny even on my kindle fire it was ridiculous!!! it was very irritating!!!!!!!!!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love these games.  they are a great way to kill time. I love how you have pass each game to get more games!!  it's a total challenge and keeps you interest!!!
B0013AUE3O|1.0|All these glowing reviews absolutely blow my mind. I have been listening to classical music for over 50 years and during that time I have consistently endeavored to improve the fidelity of the devices I use to play my music - receivers, speakers, headphones, etc. This has rewarded me with progressively richer and more rewarding listening experiences, until now! Hearing Glenn Gould's guttural utterances is aesthetically excruciating. It is also a slap in the face; what tremendous audacity to not only maniacally sing-along but also to insist that this insanity be included in the recording.<br /><br />I bought Murray Perahia \\"Bach: Goldberg Variations, BWV 988\\" within hours of buying Glenn Gould's recording, to get the bad taste out of my mouth, and like it a great deal. How does it compare to the Gould recording? I have no idea, I only made it half-way through Gould and don't plan to ever listen to it again.
1469984202|5.0|This was a suprise that hooked me in from the beggining. It was fantastic to watch the story and characters develop as each book came along. Juliette, in particular, was a strong intelligent character. I loved this world. It was so thought provoking. I thought most questions were pretty well answered and the ending, whilst open for a continuing story, tied things up well. Worth the read.
B004LOMB2Q|4.0|I enjoy the program lots. I don't know everything about it yet but I'd like to be able to put my notes on a calendar.
1932100660|5.0|This buyer was great, got me this book way before i expected it and Dr. Campbell knows what he's talking about. This is an incredibly interesting and introspective account of how media and scientific confusion has led Americans to have no idea what nutrition means. His advice is something we should all take very seriously in order to better the overall health, and future, of this country. Highly, highly, HIGHLY recommended to plant eaters and meat eaters alike. Knowledge is power, and we all owe it to ourselves to become educated on what is making us all FAT so we can become healthy, long living folks!
B006PHD0RW|5.0|Clever and unique gameplay.  The concept is unlike anything else out there right now.  Try it and you'll like it.
B006ISJQ3K|5.0|What a great treasure to have alternate versions of so many of Diana's songs. This remastered and extended CD is a must for any Diana Ross fan and everyone who likes great music. Her voice on these recordings is remarkable and the songs evoke memories from the 70's. With a booklet that has unlreased pictures as well, this package is well put together and stylish too. I own [[ASIN:B0019M83C0 Everything Is Everything]]Her rendition of The Beatles \\"Come Together\\" is one of a kind as is \\"The Long And Winding Road.\\" The orchestra bathes her in the music and her voice just soars. On [[ASIN:B000063BOJ Diana Ross]] Besides the classics such as \\"Reach Out And Touch\\" you will love Diana's rendition of \\"Stoney End.\\" Not to mention [[ASIN:B001IM2MZ0 Surrender (Expanded Edition)]]A really amazing song on this release is \\"Did You Read The Morning Paper?\\" So it is simply a pleasure to see another expanded classic from The Boss. She is one of the greatest singers in the twentith and now twenty first century. Keep going Diana!!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|every version of the Bible at your fingertips! genius! this makes it very easy to quickly look up passages and compare with other interpretations. no more lugging around a stack of bibles. User friendly too!
B003BKF6AU|3.0|First and foremost, I've got to say that I love The National and I love the songs on this record.  That said, the record itself was a huge disappointment. The mastering is highly compressed.  All dynamics and most of the instruments, aside from the traditional guitar/bass/drums are completely drowned in the mix.  It's really sad because it's obvious that there is a wide range of instrumentation used and a lot of nuance put into the music and for the most part.  The finished product sounds completely flat.  At first I couldn't really believe what I was hearing.  I thought that my stylus must have been damaged and it couldn't be tracking right.  I pulled high violet off of my platter and put on OK Computer and the sound was rich, lush, dynamic and exciting.  If you love The National, don't let this dissuade you from buying this record.  The songs are indeed great and I still spin the record regardless.  If you're new to The National and you plan on playing this record on anything more sophisticated than an all-in-one big box stereo, don't be surprised when it comes out sounding like an itunes download playing through cheap ipod earbuds.  If I were in The National, I would be absolutely livid at the post-production botch job this record received. It's a real shame.
B004XJRQUQ|5.0|If you want an amazing trilogy that sets apart from any of the rest, this is it!! These books will suck you into the story and the characters almost instantly. When you finish you will be asking for more.
B003R4ZMNQ|5.0|This is a great show with a wonderful cast and LOTS Of action. The DVD's have deleted scenes for some episodes and all the extras are a great addition. This is well worth the money to buy it so you can watch it over and over again!
B00000JNNY|5.0|I am so glad I bought this dvd. My favorite song, At Last, is wonderful. The other songs are really good also. I am totally enjoying this dvd. The sound quality is good, as well.
B0038ZITIE|3.0|Very camp.  Music by Queen.  Mr. Laurentiis tried to capitalize on the success of Star Wars with this 1980 sci fi epic.  Falls short on that account.  However, it's fun to watch.  Don't take it too serious.  A bit dated.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|great fun game! variety and no glitches! !!! very fun to buy more games inside of this game with the points you have earned
1603425381|5.0|Absolutely love this book!  I have hundreds of crochet books collected in over 30 years of crocheting and there are one or two edge patterns available in a couple of magazines and books in my collection.  This book has so many and they aren't the really frilly ones, these are ones that can be used on all types of projects.  The pictures are great!  The instructions are easy to follow.  It more than pays for itself!  I'd been searching for different patterns and paid too much for less than 10 edge patterns in a book and this has 150!
B003FSTN6Q|5.0|My daughter is a big fan of Ghost Whisperer and was very excited to receive the 5th season, she watches them daily and looks forward to purchasing the next season!
B0018QOIXU|5.0|This is the best voice by a master songwriter and singer I have ever heard. Adele combines amazing range and clarity. Some day I want to hear her do the American anthem. She is the only current singer that could do it justice.
B005RYF5JA|5.0|Great DVD and wonderful, beyond wonderful, music.  Love Celtic Woman and all their shows.  Bought one for me and one for my brother for his birthday.  He loved it also.  I highly recommend all their DVDs and CDs.
B000784WMW|5.0|The cadence of the language, a script that slides over one's shoulders and down an arched back,the luxuriant details, the play of light and shadows -- all these riches combined with Timothy Dalton giving the most seductive male performance I have ever seen in a film.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|good for keeping stuff together. best is that u can email yourself notes, ie you can text notes directly to evernote. dekstop has lots more features than you really use.
B0067LY4WG|2.0|While not as experimental as Dear Heather, at the same time, there is less that is interesting or likable on this album compared to Dear Heather.  Personally, I think his live Above the Soul cd is great, and also some of his more recent live albums  I also like the studio Ten New Songs + various other studio songs of his recent period sincluding some from Dear Heather and The Future.  This album, meh.
B0000AK7AB|5.0|Wonderful movie! Came in the mail quickly and perfectly! I love the ease of being able to find any movie on here!
0062082353|3.0|If you are looking for a sniper book that deals with long, tortuous stalks to the shooting point, through minimum cover, clad in a ghilli suit, this is not it. Rather, it is a detailed account of how the author and his teams operated in Iraq. The action is hot, heavy and almost continuous as they work in \\"target rich environments\\" that typified the urban warfare of that conflict. During many engagements, the ragheads seemed anxious to meet Allah, and it was  like shooting fish in a barrel. A fast paced story that takes the reader deep into \\"Indian Country,\\" and makes it hard to put the book down each night.
B0002FR0TC|4.0|I wish I would have known that this dvd was for a different \\"zone\\" europe, and does not play in standard or blu ray players. I have one dvd player that it will work in otherwise this would have been as useful as a coaster.
B006ON41FC|5.0|I love this game! I finished all of the goals, so I'm not quite as addicted as I used to be. once you get the hang of it and become good, you wont be able to put it down! wish it had more goals!
B006ON41FC|5.0|This game is my favorite game cause I LUV squirrels and it is the best game ever.vEveryone in my family loves it.
B005I6EU7U|5.0|I love the way it looks like a book sitting on the coffee table. At first it is a little stiff but gets flexible after a few uses. If I had a con at all it would be that when I play a game that automatically plays sideways it turns to where the open flap is at the bottom. That is a little wierd to me so I have to fold it back which works fine.
B0048LPRCS|5.0|I hesitated on ordering this Gaspar Noe movie because of some of the negative reviews. I saw his other two movies and loved them and figured I'd try it. I'm glad I did. This may be my favorite of the three even though it was totally different from the other two. A movie that seems to deal with death made me feel alive while watching it. It is amazing to watch and I was fascinated with the camera action. I look forward to the next Gaspar Noe movie.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I really love this game because it has a lot of good games on it. and most of the games are fun enough to keep playing.
158270208X|5.0|I write in my new gratitude journal everyday i just love it! The little affirmations are beautiful. I think if everyone had one of these they would have a more positive outlook and smile a lot more:)
B0050BPIB0|5.0|Pablo Alborn's first album is poetic, romantic without melodrama, and modern.  I love his voice.  The songs are beautiful.  Great start for this Andalusian singer.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I like this app. the games are weird cause they are very short and sometimes hard to complete. but in general this app is good.
B0046W1692|5.0|As always, Man gives us another hit.  Great songs following the group's style and poetic.  I love it, especially \\"Lluvia al corazn\\" y \\"El verdadero amor perdona\\".
B004I8WD6E|2.0|I was disappointed in the general bulk this case added to my phone and the cheapy feel of the plastic sides and backing. Although there are openings on the top and sides for the buttons, the thick plastic makes them a little difficult to access.  I've owned other similarly-designed cases and was more impressed with their initial quality.  On the pro side, this case is very affordable but I would recommend spending a little extra to get something that is of better quality and adds less bulk with similar protection.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is awesome lots of games on it to unlock and play. the points is a good idea too. my favorite game is sushi.
B003XMUFGQ|1.0|This is probably his least successful studio effort ever. I'm very glad that he's finally found some inner peace and happiness, but he should have kept these personal songs to sing to his loved ones. Does anybody really need to hear Eric Clapton crooning \\"Autumn Leaves\\" when it's already been done much better by other artists? No.
B006M4F67A|3.0|So addictive but frustrating when stops in middle of game due to \\"force close\\"popping up. Also at times difficult to use when  tiles get \\"stuck\\". Still one of my favorite \\"go to\\"games.
B005B19UPE|4.0|Really enlightened me about the history of the Jews in France. Not only was I enlightened but the author did a great job bringing the events back to life.  I cried  as though I knew Sarah and Michael and Julia. This is a great read and being a 1st reader of this author, I'm looking forward to reading something else of hers.
B004XDYJRU|2.0|Local stations might be listed,  but ths streams are not the same.  In NY, ESPN1050 hosts a talk show while the real OTA 1050AM has a live knicks game.  Of course,  the station name in TuneIn shows the name of thr game and not the show.  Poor.
B006DRVFRQ|5.0|This works excellent on the kindle fire!  If you already use google reader,  this is a must have free app.
B004WDRSO2|5.0|A+++ The DVD arrived in perfect condition, the price was great and delivery was fast.  You sure couldn't ask for anything more than that.  Thanks a bunch!
0307593312|4.0|I enjoy very much reading Murakami.  I truly enjoyed IQ84.  Until the end.. It was flat.  WHAT HAPPENED TO TENGO AND AOMAME? Please write IQ84#2.  Should also be made into a movie! Can't wait for the next book?
B0060FXBNM|5.0|A+++ The DVD arrived in perfect condition, the price was great and delivery was fast.  You sure couldn't ask for anything more than that.  Thanks a bunch!
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|Evernote is so useful for jotting down thoughts. I look back at some of my entries and before Evernote I never would have preserved them. I don't use it for daily or weekly tasks but it's great to have a place for thoughts that I can get a from any of my devices.
B0058EBNAO|4.0|This app has everything I could ever want to know about weather conditions and then some (like seismic activity).  The UI is nice with lots of options and information.  I love the notification icons, but wish there was an option to remove the sometimes lengthy notification descriptions.  Has worked flawlessly in the week that I've used it.  Good stuff.  Motorola Droid Razr
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game clearly deserves 5 stars but every body is giving a 1.Even though the update makes you start over,its still good because u get to do it all over again.its great so stop giving them 1 star
6305161992|5.0|Note: I just saw this movie with XFinity On Demand.<br /><br />The first theatrically released film of Eric Draven (son of the late martial arts legend Bruce Lee) is really good. I'd only seen him in The Crow, which he was excellent in (and he was accidentally killed when filming of his character's death scene in the final week of production went horribly wrong...some idiot left a real round in the gun, and the actor playing the thug fired it, killing Mr. Lee), and I wanted to see him in another movie. The film has a lot of good one-liners, and plenty of explosive action. As he would show in The Crow, Mr. Lee has really good fighting moves. Mr. Lundgren is also good, but really, see this movie for Mr. Lee's (tragically) penultimate performance in a motion picture. Ms. Carrere is also good in this movie. Was that really her naked as she got into the futon and during the sex scene?
