B00003CXDG|2.0|MI-2 is fo sure much worse that MI-1. The two series of MI are so different that the only thing what is common there is a character of Ethan Hunt. While MI-1 has a strong scenario, MI2 is so weak in the idea that sometimes you feel that this movie has nothing to say and the only thing what makes this movie strong is its special effects and beautiful sceneries. It seems that the producers had to fill up the time in the movie and therefore put in a terribly long and nonsence scenes like the opening sequences and also scenes in Sevilla. I even do not understand why was so lot of music behind needed. Sometimes it seemed that the film looked like a big commercial of the high level cinema techniques of the millenium. But anyway, if you enjoy good visual and sound effects, you have to see it.
0786880708|5.0|Wisdom is a gift from the divine and arrogance is a gift from the mundane.  If one's wisdom is such that it evokes admiration for the thought rather than for the thinker, then one has indeed spoken well.  Otherwise, it becomes a contest of arrogance, and the one who is more arrogant having the last word in the school of vanity!<br />Jon Kabat-Zinn's wisdom is without arrogance, thus assuring him a unique place in the school of enlightenment.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|I only bought this album, because there weren't any others I really wanted at the moment. I was kinda disappointed by Maidens last 3 albums, and didn't think this album would be much better. I pop in the CD and hear the sweet sound of Dickinson's vocals. I COULD NOT STOP LISTENING To THIS ALBUM. I listened to the entire album and there are no fillers at all. The lyrics are excellent (unlike some other maiden songs) cough &quot;Bring Your Daughter to the Slaughter&quot; cough. I suppose if I had to choose the best tracks I would choose: &quot;Blood Brothers&quot;, &quot;Nomad&quot;, &quot;Navigator&quot;, &quot;Thin Line Between Love and Hate&quot;, and &quot;The Wickerman&quot; But, all the songs are definatly listenable. Ladies and Gentalmen, his is the album of the year and quite possibly the BEST MAIDEN ALBUM.
B000002J0P|5.0|First saw them in movie Woodstock, then heard the entire album. They were the right group at the right time for a youth movement that would change the nation. Now, 32 years later if you listen to the songs they still bring chills: Suite Judy Blue Eyes is a rolling bursting vocal classic; Guinevere is still an example of  if your heart and mind are in the same place 'simple' equals untiring beauty; A Long Time Gone is still as political as ever. Classics are things that are as relervant then as now.  These songs have nursed me over 32 years and I hope 32 more. They are icons from a time that should never be forgotten.
B00004TR2G|5.0|Some of you may know that the &quot;orinigal soundtrack' the MCA release was only about 32 minutes. Also that CD although conducted by John Williams was good. It was not the orinigal recording. Besides the other CD consists more of concert themes that you might forget your listening to Jaws. This CD in my opinion has more of the imfamous theme it self than the other one. also this sound track sounds a little more terrifying than the other one. especially at the start of track 18 (the shark approaches)which is unavailable on the MCA release. So if your looking for a good classic soundtrack. or if you love Jaws. this is the CD for you.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|This album is one of my favorites!! It is so good to hear all these great tracks on one cd! The album booklet is great! It shows all the different covers for each of their number one hits, hence the name of the album. If you love The Beatles, starting from their first number one hit, Love Me Do, to their last The Long and Winding Road, you will be adored by this one!!!
6305922756|5.0|This was a great movie which I could watch over and over again. It is definately one of the funniest movies ever made.  For those who feel it is stupid, you'd be surprised how realistic it actually is for musicians.  In the years I was in rock bands, I encountered so many of the topics in the movie - the arguments, band meetings, people quitting and rejoining, new band direction when member leaves, name changes...  they are not as exaggerated in the movie as you may think.  I highly recommend Spinal Tap for anyone, but it is a must see for musicians!<br />One thing I noticed about this DVD was text that was originally in the movie seems to be missing, like when Paul Shaeffer keeps introducing himself, and his character name is then shown on the screen below.  Has anyone else noticed this?
B00000AFWZ|5.0|I didn't buy this collection until recently, and I'm still kicking myself for not getting it sooner. This is the true history of rock and roll -- it's filled to the brim (and beyond) with raw, edgy music from a turning point in the rock era. It's no wonder why so many bands formed during the 1965-68 time period, as the do-it-yourself attitude was everywhere. I don't think I'll need to buy any more rock anthologies at this point, as this covers everything that made the genre what it is. I recommend it with enthusiasm.
B00003CWL6|1.0|I CANNOT believe someone would make a movie about such garbage.  The fact that this movie got an Academy Award is an indicator of the degradation of society.  In fact, the only difference between this movie and Jerry Springer is that it did get an academy award.  Even on Jerry Springer atleast their is honesty, they confront their problems.  I get frustrated everytime someone mentions this movie, which should have never been even conceived of in the first place.  God Help us all.
0792151712|5.0|This movie is another romance that features the classic test of love.  It's set on the Titanic in 1912.  It begins in a treasure hunt for the &quot;Heart of the Ocean&quot; necklace.  They find a drawing of young Rose and it is shown on a TV network.  When old Rose comes forward claiming to be the girl in the drawing, the adventure begins.  The 'treasure hunters' begin asking her about what happened.  She tells them.  She was engaged a man by the name of Cal.  She didn't love him, but was being forced to marry him anyway to save her family's reputation.  She nearly jumps off of the ship, when Jack, a poor 3rd class passenger who won the ticket on board the ship in a poker game, comes and talks her out of it.  They later explore their friendship, which turns to love.  In the end, the young Rose must decide if she wants to stay with her new love or go with her fiancee.  She chooses her new love and nearly loses her life.  This is a very good movie.  I would recommend it to ANYONE!
0380730405|5.0|... by the long descriptions or the romance-novel cover. They say you can't judge a book by its cover, but I did for a looooong time (until I found a gorgeous red hardback with gold embossing). I was also somewhat offput by the peeks at dialogue and descriptions. The first ten pages or so are a bit tough to get through, with lush descriptions of the manor, but then the story picks up pace.<br />The unnamed heroine, the second Mrs. de Winter, is first shown to us as a gawky, freaked young girl who befriends Maxim de Winter while accompanying an American woman around. Maxim marries the young woman quickly, but even before they reach his home at Manderly, she feels the eerie spell of Rebecca, Wife No. 1.<br />Adding to the creepy suspense is grim Mrs. Danvers and the staff of Manderly, who dwell on Rebecca as much as if she were still alive. Mrs. de Winter can't even pet the dog or sit in a chair without thinking how &quot;this is what Rebecca did...&quot;<br />Du Maurier's skill is shown in the crafting of a dead woman, not even a ghost or apparition, who nevertheless haunts Manderly and everyone in it. The heroine gains a backbone over the course of the novel, while you start to hate Mrs. Danvers more and more...<br />The prose is lush and visual - often it takes up a few paragraphs when it's a particularly pretty place. You will vividly see the trees around Manderly, the yawnworthy hotel at the beginning, the gardens of the house, the rooms, and so on. The descriptions and characterizations are subtle and beautiful, so that you can almost feel Rebecca there as well.<br />A small warning to anyone who might read the mass-market paperback: It may not be worth it. I checked out several copies and the print was tiny and smudgy.
B00000K19E|5.0|After I first watched this film I was amazed.  Later I upgraded my A/V receiver.  Watched it again, more stunning.  This movie should be included with every DVD player purchased.  Simply amazing.  The sounds, the sights are unmatched by anything else on the market.  Period.  Probably more stunning than the quality is the fact that a movie was made with Keanu Reeves that covered his poor acting.  I mean this guy is horrible, yet I can't notice it.  Trinity and Morpheus are great.  The extras also surpass any other DVD.  Seeing how it was put together and how the bullet time effects were done was fascinating.  I highly recommend this movie to everyone.  Granted the sci-fi aspect may repel some viewers, they should still watch it, just for some scenes, (all bullet time scenes and the lobby scene.)  Well worth the money, you won't regret it.
B00003Q43A|5.0|ok ok. I know  lot of you people iut there are saying how dumb and idiotic this flick is. I got one thing to say about that. THAT IS WHAT MAKES THIS FLICK GOOD!! It is good to get away from the &quot;smart&quot; films and foreign stuff and just watch a totally mindless movie with friends and shout and yell at the screen. So what, it aint Magnolia, or Saving Private Ryan, but how many of those movies can you really stand? Sometimes you just wanna see major cities gettin blown away like a bottle rocket in an apple.(That's a funny visual, go ahead, visualize it.) So if you got the mula, go ahead and by the movie, i think you'll enjoy it.
6305364648|4.0|Not not that Arnold, Tom Arnold.  It is hard to imagine someone stealing a movie that includes Ah-nuld and Jamie Lee Curtis (though her striptease was hard to forget,) but it is even hard to imagine Tom Arnold, yes Tom Arnold from the movie &quot;The Stupids&quot;, is the one to steal the show.  Superbly written and perhaps better casting makes this one of, if not, my favorite Schwarzenegger movie.  Arnold S. really showed some acting skills pulling off action, comedy and some true drama.  I was impressed, but not as impressed as I was with Jamie Lee Curtis' dancing skills.  Great flick, great story and tremendous action and actin'.
B000006TRV|5.0|If you happen to be one of the few who understand the meaning of &quot;The Wall&quot;, and don't think of it as some kind of dope music, then you will know what I'm talking about here. &quot;Most people think of us as a very drug oriented group, of course we're not&quot;, David Gilmour.. or.. &quot;All that media stuff is all very irrelevant, really&quot;, and &quot;If the music doesn't move you, then what's the point?&quot; Roger Waters... So, what I'm getting at is this; if you will listen to the following albums, you find themes in each one which are one part of &quot;The Wall's&quot; main theme. . for example,, from Meddle's Echoes: &quot;So I throw the windows wide, and call to you across the skies&quot; (a lost love)... And from Dark Side of the Moon (any song) desperation, insanity, and death... And from Animals (all tracks) the evils of government and politics... And from The Final Cut (all tracks) the death of his father in WWII.... Also make note that all themes are in reverse order and well, I'll leave the rest to anyone's open mind.... Also make note that there are three main themes involved; enter the Triangle/Prism on Dark Side.. I shall also leave the white light converted to color to your own interpretations.... Nevertheless, what we have here is a very extensive epic saga, told through brilliant music and lyrics.. It seems so sad that so many people don't get it at all........
B00000G3PA|5.0|I love it!  No other way to put it.  Bruce, Ben and Billy Bob are great but this is truly a group effort.  You will be captured by Bear (Michael Clarke Duncan, Green Mile) Chick (great character pulled off by impressive acting, Will Patton) and my fav, Rockhound (another tremendous performance by Steve Buscemi.)  This movie is great for us guys, it has action and great sound but also pulls in a not too sappy romance (helps keep your lady happy.)  Great soundtrack and amazing scenery make this a must have DVD.  This should be the second DVD any movie fan purchases.  Great movie, treat yourself.
B00000IL1K|5.0|Hi again Sarah fans. EDEN is a great work of art. My heart goes out to track 16. It is a beautiful song written by Richard Marx. Not only did he write this song, but he also sings backup. There couldn't be a better duet than this. This song is the only song I don't have on my bonus set.<br />I bought this EDEN when it was released in 99. Of course I recommended it to my friends. Then I gave my 1st 2 copies away. I have now the original and the 2 CD set. The album is Sarah's 2nd best classic/pop crossover CD.<br />I won't bother to say much about the songs, as I have already reviewed the double.<br />Track 15 &lt;NESSUN DORMA&gt; and track 16 &lt;THE LAST WORDS YOU SAID&gt; are perfect back to back. It's because the suspense is built, then quiets down into a beautiful haunting love song. Sarah and her producer Frank Peterson are a great team. I hope they continue making great music together.<br />Buy this CD. I don't have to say anything else.
B00003CXDG|2.0|I REALLY enjoyed the first Mission Impossible flick, but man, what happened?  This movie was really bad, I mean BAD!  I got to see this movie for free and I felt so cheated, I wanted to bill them for my time.  There seemed to be no heart or anything out of the ordinary/special about this film.  I think it is based on a rejected James Bond script.  Hey, I love action movies more than most, but this was a poor attempt to capture some of that Matrix market with supposedly great special effects.  I felt the fights and action sequences were cornier than Charlie's Angels, which was tongue in cheek all the way.  I can best associate this series as going the way of the Batman series.  MI:2 - Bad, but still better than English Patient
B00004Z4WQ|3.0|I think this movie had its shares of laughs, but there were so many parts that was just flat out stupid. still, its defintely worth watching if you enjoy laughing a lot...But dont set your expectation too high...cuz they will be let down....
B00003CX8J|4.0|If you grew up reading the X-Men, then I really think you will enjoy this movie.  If you never even knew that there was a X-Men comic book, you will really enjoy this movie.  Going in, I was worried about how this flick was going to be handled.  There have been so many stories surrounding these characters.  THey have died too many times to count, been to other planets, dimensions, even times in history.  Yet, there is a tremendous amount about some of them that had never been addressed.  Naturally there are plenty of pieces that any quasi-fan could point out.  Toad and Mystique's fighting ability, Wolverine/Logan's lack of that berserk edge and a couple of changes to Rouge's character all depart from the long history in the books, yet I find all of this acceptable.  Remember X-Fans, to make this flick, it had to be understandable to all, to have a mass appeal to justify more X-Movies.  I feel numerous little 'inside' jokes are there for us.  I was the only one in the theatre to get the &quot;yellow spandex&quot; joke.  But it was there for X-Fans.  <br />If you have never heard of the X-Men, sit back and enjoy a movie that goes deeper than superheroes vs supervillans.  It addresses many social issues in a understated manner.  Great flick.
B000050FEN|4.0|Bought this DVD set. The movie is just great; exciting and gruesome. Pitt and Freeman do a great job acting out the parts of the investigators of these Seven murders. However, if you are thinking of buying this DVD set for the second DVD with all the extras, I wouldn't recommend it. There are quite a bit of extras, but they are just not that enjoyable. There are photos of the crime scenes, but alot of them are negatives and you can't even make them out. And many of the deleted scenes they allow you to view are just literally a couple of seconds that were cut out that made no sense. When they show the alternate ending, all it consists of is the original ending, just without the helicopter flying around covering Pitt and Freeman when they had &quot;John Doe&quot; in the middle of nowhere. If you want the movie and just love having all that goes along with the entire making and production just cause you are the collector type, then this is for you. But if you only buy a flic with extras for really cool stuff, this might disappoint you.
B00003CWTI|1.0|My roomate and I set down to watch this movie, and we were jazzed after the first few minutes showing little sequences of coincidence.  I thought this was going to be great.  A few story lines that all tie into one big ending.  Oh I was pumped.  Three hours later...  a waste of my freaking time.  Imagine someone taking an episode of Family Ties (one of the &quot;Very Special Episodes&quot;,) a bad Trapper John M.D. episode and a cable access program, splicing them all together so as they jump around and none of them have an ending that relates to anything else, and you have just made the sequel to Magnolia.  Save your money, buy a can of paint, pour it onto your floor, watch it dry then clean it up.  That is much less a waste of time than watching this flick.  Almost as bad as English Patient (that is saying a lot.)
6303433766|5.0|The film is extremely disturbing, and it is a piece of art.  But unlike most people, I felt that I could relate with their urning to find somewhere magical.  And for some reason I found some of the scenes (Orson Welles, and the last scene) remarkably funny.  Not for the light hearted or stupid. Ummmm ok that is all.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I think the compilation deserves 5 stars because it has shown so many young people just how good the Beatles were, and just how bad today's music situation is.  It has helped shown the light to the poor, unfortunate young people who think that music begins and ends with Backstreet Boys, Britney Spears and all that other very mediocre stuff topping today's music charts.  It sucks so bad that I never had music gods like the Beatles to look up to in my adolesence.  I 'tried' hard with Oasis, but the magic was never quite there, if you dig it...Not that I think that the beatles are the be-all and end-all, don't get me wrong.  Alls I can say is, if you're a Beatle fan you probably already have it, and if you're not, buy it because perhaps you've missed the 'je ne sais quoi' in the Beatles' music which has brought so much satisfaction to so many people.
B000002UTT|5.0|Unfortunately I don't own all of Roxette's albums. I have Look Sharp!, JoyRide, Tourism and Don't Bore Us, Get To The Chorus. I can honestly say, Look Sharp! is the best one. If you wanna have a good time, put this CD in and it'll keep you dancing all day long! Most of the songs are upbeat, but there are a few ballads too. Look Sharp! contains 2 hits that were #1! These are The Look and Listen To Your Heart. An album that has 2 #1 hits is definately worth listening, isn't it? Well, this CD is old, it was released 13 years ago, but hey! What's more important, the age or the quality? I think the quality is the most important.  My fave song is Chances. Listen to it and it'll cheer you up! The entire album is fantastic, so I highly reccomend it!
6304403283|4.0|Paramount has a rather annoying habit of, at times, releasing boxed sets of Star Trek episodes that have one or two previously unreleased episodes coupled with two or three that have been out on tape for years.  At the time the Time Travel Collection came out the Voyager and DS9 episodes had not yet been released individually while the Original Series and Next Generation episodes had been available for years.  At the time I found this practice somewhat offensive, but it did not stop me from buying the set.  In retrospect, the set is a nice collection and worth getting if you do not own all four episodes.<br />All four episodes in the set are quite good.  The Original Series, Next Generation and Deep Space Nine episodes are all classics of their respective series.  The Voyager, while not the best time travel episode ever done for that series (or even that season), is, nonetheless, a solid addition.  Each episode also provides a nice perspective of the Star Trek view of time travel: each tackles time travel (and its ramifications) in a different way.  As a set of four, they fit together well to show a good cross-section of what has made - and continues to make - Star Trek such a wonderful series as well as providing four first-rate 'hours' of science fiction.<br />If you're not a rabid collector of Star Trek tapes (unlike me), but do like the series, I definitely recommend getting this set.  &quot;The City on the Edge of Forever&quot; (Original Series) and &quot;The Visitor&quot; (Deep Space Nine) alone are worth having in even a casual fan's collection.  However, if you own any of the three episodes independently, I recommend buying the remainder separately as well.
B000002L61|5.0|They have done it again. This is the second and last time this group plays together again with this lineup which I consider to be a perfect fit. Dio's albums have never sounded as good as they did with Vivian on guitar, Vinnie on drums, and Jimmy on bass. The power is here with songs such as We Rock, I Speed At Night, and Breathless. Dio's voice has never been better than on The Last In Line. These guys are on the same page, and unfortunately, Vivian Campbell left after this album to form his own band (Riverdogs which turned out a pretty good album, but lacked any fire power as it was much more acoustical). A definite for any Dio fan and any metal fan.
B000002LCE|4.0|A typical Dio album with good songwriting and good music behind, but if you heard Dio's first 2 albums, you get a sense something was missing: Vivian Campbell. Craig Goldie is a good guitarist, but Vivian can just out and out wail on a guitar. My favorite on here is Overlove and overall, this is a very good CD. Worth any Dio fans money.
B00003CXMG|5.0|&quot;Almost Famous&quot; was one of the most highly anticipated movies of the year.  When the trailers started to play, everybody was talking about how badly they wanted to see it.  And then it came out and nobody went.  Talk about a real shame.  &quot;Almost Famous&quot; is one of the most satisfying films of the year.  2000 was a year of overstuffed and overhyped films.  &quot;Almost Famous&quot; is one of the few that didn't dissappoint.<br />It's been criticized of having an ending that is &quot;too optimistic&quot; for a movie about the Seventies.  Afterall, that decade didn't end all too well.  But what these critics don't realize is that &quot;Almost Famous&quot; is a piece of nostalgia; a dedication to a period in history that filmmaker Cameron Crowe remembers with great emotions.  He loved everything about the seventies, especially the music and the fact that he got to grow up in that decade.<br />This labor of love has it all: great performances, great dialogue, and a wonderful story.  The film's centerpiece of rock is observed gracefully by newcomer Patrick Fudgit (I think that's his name).  Crowe does a masterful job of showing us this world through Fudgit's excited, wide eyes.
B000002L7V|3.0|Being off the beaten path is not always a bad thing, but this wasn't what I expected of a Dio album. It has the typical good writing, but the music just isn't there. No songs on this album blow me away although there are many that sound good. When I heard this album, I just couldn't believe the difference between albums with Vivian Campbell and the first one without him. I checked the label to make sure it said Dio on the front. Don't get me wrong. This album is pretty easy to listen to, but it's just not a great album. It's just OK.
B00003CXAW|1.0|King Kong is a wonderful film, superbly made and highlyentertaining, but this first DVD release (UK release from`Universal' as of 15th January 2001) of King Kong is atravesty. Beware. I've never being so incensed by a DVD that I wantedto warn anyone who might be thinking of buying this.  The sleeve notesproclaim that the DVD has been re-mastered from a recent archivalprint.  That might be so, but it would interesting to know where itcame from!  The print is pockmarked and drab looking.  Even theopening titles aren't framed properly (lettering cut off).  Some mightargue that the films heavy use of optical composite shots is thereason for the poor look of much of the film, however shots which haveno optical effects are just as poor as those with them!  Eventelevision prints have been cleaner than this. I've seen a clip of`Kong' on the recent `Universal Horror' documentary, which wasvastly superior to anything shown on this DVD.  Allowing for that,some of the dirt could have been cleaned up and the shots individuallygraded. There is no sign of this. The soundtrack is full of `dirt'and white noise.  Extras aren't even stimulating with no trailer and acheap 17min documentary which has been clearly partly shot using the1970's `Making of King Kong' book.  Avoid.
B00000K19E|4.0|This movie may have one of the most complicated plots there ever was, but it looks amazing on DVD!  It is a must have for every DVD player.  The graphics and the breathtaking special effects look great!  Personally, I didn't understand the story very much until my aunt explained it to me.  Anyway, it is a great DVD experience to have.
B00003CX7L|5.0|My kids give me an excuse to keep watching - just today we noticed for the first time the visual clue in the last scene that tells how the toys got home from the airport!
B00000490M|5.0|This is a really great movie about a boy named Daniel who moves from Newark, New Jersey, to a much different atmosphere in Southern California which he didn't like.Thing only got worse when a group of bullies,called the cobra kais, well trained in karate decided to pick on Daniel because he liked the cobra kai leader Johnny Lawrence's(William Zabka)girlfriend.He meets Mr. Miyagi(Pat Morita)who teaches him karate and gets him signed up in a karate tournament.After becoming Ali's(Elizabeth Shue's charcter)boyfriend he fights just about all of the cobra kais until there sensei persuaded Bobby(who was actually a kind hearted character)to take Daniel out of commission.Daniel looked to be done for after he was kicked in the leg by Bobby but Mr. Miyagi did a technique on him so he was able to fight in the final against Johnny.He defeats Johnny in a very inspirational way with the crane technique and wins the title.<br />This is one of my top ten favorite movies of all time.It shows that if you have a big heart and keep trying you will win in the end.Pat Morita gives one of the best performances ever,Ralph Macchio does a great job as Daniel,Elizabeth Shue does a good job,and i think that William Zabka was an excellent villain. Along with one of the best soundtracks of all time this movie is a must see.I recommend it to everyone.
0201485672|4.0|I haven't read it completely but what I learned so far is that it is not wrong to change things after a while and that change is even needed when more and more requirements drop in... A lot of the refactorings are obvious but -the same like Design Patterns- it gives a name to these refactorings which is usefull in team development.
0064400557|5.0|This friendship themed classic is part of the wonderful E.B White legacy.  It has a great meaning that should be read to all children.  The focus of the book is between a great relationship between a pig and a spider.  Their relationship and dedication for each other should be practiced in schools (and offices) everywhere.  I would recommend this classic tale to grade schoolers.  The movie is also worth a watch.
B000021Y74|5.0|Run Lola Run is a supercharged, ultra-kinetic roller-coaster ride that twists, turns, and boggles the mind with its remarkable profoundness!  Lola is a shocking redheaded punk with a memorable scream, and the film all starts out with a really frantic phone call from Lola's boyfriend, Manni.  He needs to deliver 100,000 German marks to his mobster boss Ronni in 20 minutes, or he will die a most definite death.  From then on, Lola literally races time in three separate scenarios to save Manni's life, so the movie basically ends three times.  Although this movie looks all rock-video, MTV-style from the outside, it actually has a profound message behind its unusual exterior.  Plus it's got one of the most heart-racing soundtracks I've heard in a long time.  This is probably my favorite movie--next to The Matrix, of course!<br />Rated R, but it doesn't deserve to be.  It has a few profanities, some violence, and a couple non-explicit discussions about sex.  But that's it.  This movie will appeal most to people between the ages of 12 and 25.  It also often looks or sounds too weird for people to be interested in it, or they just scoff at the fact that it's in German with English subtitles.  But you have to look beyond that in order to appreciate this movie.  If you rated it less than 5 stars, you only looked at the outside, and in the third scenario, you were just too dizzified or disappointed to really see what finally happened.  But you can still believe whatever you want.
B000050XEI|3.0|Enya has discovered a winning formula and sticks to it tenaciously, which means that there's relatively little in the way of innovation on her new CD. Her music is undoubtedly beatiful, but we've heard it all (more-or-less) before; and it's difficult to detect the sort of profound artistic development which is evident in the work of someone like Loreena Mckennitt. The CD struck me as far too short (some 38 minutes), and some songs are incredibly brief. In addition, the Latin grammar of &quot;Tempus Vernum&quot; is non-existant and some of its pronunciation is bad. All in all, &quot;A Day Without Rain&quot; is a pleasant and mellow CD which I recomend to fans of Enya, and anyone looking for a light and pleasant (but not especially profound) &quot;New Age&quot; album.
B00004XQ83|4.0|This CD has many merits. It compiles a few classic early country recordings and combines them with reworkings of old songs. &quot;In the Highways&quot; is truly spellbinding. <br />The movie was essentially an old-time musical, and this soundtrack reflects just that. It is almost as interesting on its own as the movie itself. I'm sure this would be a good purchase for anyone who liked the film, and anyone who likes old-timey music. It is not, as the label boldly declares &quot;The ultimate roots-rock collection&quot;... I really don't think its roots-rock at all.<br />Enjoy!
B0000029DD|5.0|On a purely personal, but perhaps somewhat interesting, note, this CD has given me one of the strangest experiences I've had listening to music. I bought this after hearing so much about Jeff Buckley but without having ever heard a note of the music. And yet somehow, when I popped it into the player, I knew the songs. I don't mean the lyrics, but the music itself, as though it had been latent in my subconscious all along but took the CD to bring it to the surface. It was so familiar I could hum each note from the get-go, like I'd owned it for years. <br />This is just that kind of music. The kind that effortlessly wrings out overwhelming emotion; the kind that can incite automatic feverish idolatry. This is staggeringly beautiful stuff. The songs would be lovely anyway, but Jeff's absolutely gorgeous voice, oscillating between howling avant-garde rocker and  preternatural choirboy, brings something almost spiritual to the music that truly sets his work apart. He swoops and arcs between desire, melancholy, rage, and thrill--not to mention octaves, and can hold a note (see the Leonard Cohen cover 'Hallelujah') like nobody's business. \\"Unabashed\\" is the best word I can think of to describe his style--completely unafraid and open. The lyrics are poetic; beautifully simple confessional truths wrapped skillfully in a bit of mystery, and even those Jeff didn't write he makes his own with his delivery. Anyone who has a smidgen of feeling for music needs to hear this. <br />What a tragic shame that Jeff Buckley was taken away from us in 1997. What he could have done... Grace is really quite a flawless album, but judging from this and especially Sketches for My Sweetheart the Drunk, he was only headed up from here. And you could say it's a pity that his music remains something of an underground phenomenon, although in a way that enhances the appeal for some: this amazing artist with such a fervent and wide-spread following even though plenty of people still wouldn't know whohe was. Someone precious enough that you want to keep them a secret just as much as you want to introduce them to everyone you know.
0792151712|1.0|I can't help but wonder how many people went to see this movie multiple times, and then bought it when it was released on video. Why? Did they enjoy the wooden acting? DiCaprio and Winslet might as well have been reading from the script directly, instead of pretending to act. Well, in his death scene, Leonardo DiCaprio did look dead, so kudos for that, and in her nude scene, Kate Winslet looked naked, so there's some more kudos. However, I don't think these two actors are completely to blame. Whoever wrote the script must accept the majority of it. It's an overdone theme of a girl betrothed to a man she doesn't love, and then meets a beautiful stranger, and they have sex, and then...the ship sinks. Well, I can't say it was moving. The historical accuracy of the events was admirable (And I'm not talking about the romance at this point) but it wasn't enough to make the movie even halfway decent. Of course, as we all know, James Cameron struck a cord in the sentimental and easily pleased hearts of Americans and is laughing all the way to the bank. So I can talk about how worthless the movie is all day, and people who loved the movie will be offended, and James Cameron will still be filthy rich.
0684803356|4.0|This book was excellent. My room mate advised me to read it saying that it was the greatest book about the Spanish civil war ever. I know nothing abot the Spanish Civil war so I cannot comment on that.   The only part of this book was that Hemingway wrote it. Not to knock Hemingway but knowing that his characters always die was not a comfort. I found myself routing for Robert Jordan through the whole book. It was like the last play of the Super Bowl. the way he had everything going wrong, but then at the end his mission goes through with full force.   I've never really read Hemingway in all my life, but if I had to chose one of his books I would have chosen this one. The way he depicts the Spanish is all but wholesome, describes them more like cavemen, literally. There are many witty parts of this book that can only be funny during war.   For anyone who is a history buff or wants to know what real war is like I advise them to read this, and pass it on to someone else.
0316286443|5.0|If you've ever looked at fashion magazines and wondered what makeup techniques went into creating the look, &quot;Face Forward&quot; may give you all the answers you need.  Not only did Kevyn Aucoin do all the makeup in this book, but he also wrote it and contributed to the photography, art direction and design.  He is a genius.  Period.<br />Outside of the introductory chapters, the book is divided into five main parts:  1) &quot;Behind Beauty,&quot; where Kevyn describes how he treats the face to bring out a wide range of attributes; 2) &quot;Face to Face,&quot; which consists of in-depth photography and illustrations of the steps involved with creating beautiful looks; 3) &quot;Dimensions,&quot; where Kevyn explores the &quot;classic personifications of beauty&quot; by making up actresses and models to look like stars of the past; and 4) &amp; 5) forward-looking concepts of makeup techniques and the future of beauty, also using the faces of actresses (and even his mom).<br />I think it's great that someone as talented as Kevyn can be so generous in explaining his craft, but even if you're not into that, &quot;Face Forward&quot; holds up fantastically on its merits as an art/photography book:  the resemblance of the current stars to the past ones is incredible (e.g., Winona Ryder as Elizabeth Taylor).<br />This book may be a little advanced for makeup artists who are just starting out, but hey, makeup is art, and art is about ideas, so it's definitely worth checking out.  For anyone who is just plain interested in fashion and style, &quot;Face Forward&quot; will be intriguing, even if only for the skill exhibited in transforming one famous face into another.  It's a masterpiece.
0375805621|5.0|What a great book!!  Reading this book just before bedtime when your preschooler is &quot;afraid of monsters&quot; is ideal.  Are all monsters bad?  Grover is afraid of monsters and Elmo is curious.  Little Elmo wants to see the monster at the end of the book, but Grover tries to discourage him by placing obstacles in his way.  Will Elmo ever see the monster?  My 3 1/2 year old thinks this book is great and even participates in the reading.  A great read for children and parents alike.
1559210400|4.0|Pearl Buck did a masterful job of exploring the consequences of the Chinese communist revolution.  Each of Madame Liang's daughters, Grace, Mercy, and Joy, come to terms with it in their own way.  The essence of the book, however, is the realization that, whether a person is attracted to communism or repelled by it, his actions are usually dictated by his own personal interest.  In that sense, the book is a satiric ridicule of the communist ideal.
B000002AGN|5.0|This album was a big discovery for me in terms of musicality, fidelity and humanity. You cannot dissect why everybody can enjoy it, but certainly I have found that everyone I have played it to likes it a lot. I specially like to play it during long driving trips, when I am tired of radio or the other music we brought for the road. It gets me in good mood and gives me a good rithm to keep driving.
B000001E77|5.0|The versions of 'Papa don't take no mess' and 'I can't stand it' on this album are two of the jazziest, funkiest tracks you'll ever hear. They are easily worth the price of the CD alone.<br />The album as a whole is mixed, there are some other great tracks, but also some fillers - unfortunately, almost every track starts with an annoying 'gong' sound.<br />Despite that, this is a must have album for any JB fan.
0062511408|5.0|Un libro con un magia nica, imposible de comenzar a leerlo y no terminar. Un gran regalo para el alma de todos aquellos que vivimos en una continua bsqueda, pensando que es ms all donde lo encontraremos. Nos abre los ojos a nuestras realidades, a los tesoros que nosotros mismos escondemos. Definitivamente, un libro inspirador, fcil de leer, que alegra el alma, los sentidos, tanto como para un nio, como para el adulto, ya que te adentra en el nio que a veces olvidamos.
6304913176|5.0|Hienlein's Classic Adapted<br />While I loved the movie; I wish that more of the characters survived.  Look at Michael Ironside's character.  If Verhoeven went so far as to change a male character into a female; Ironside's Roughneck persona should have made it into the sequel.  The vulnerability of Rico and his torn relationship with his parents made him more human than most sci-fi movies.  Hope someone makes a sequel with the armor suits Verhoeven couldn't afford!
B000008GEF|4.0|The studio albums which comprise George Harrison's solo career tend to come in pairs: &quot;Wonderwall&quot; and &quot;Electronic Sound&quot; were experimental, instrumental works made while still a Beatle; &quot;All Things Must Pass&quot; and &quot;Living In The Material World&quot; were ambitious, grandiose multi-million sellers which cemented his solo reputation; &quot;Dark Horse&quot; and &quot;Extra Texture&quot; are hoarsely sung and shoddily produced collections of (mostly) mediocre material which damaged his standing; &quot;33 1/3&quot; and &quot;George Harrison&quot; were modest though enjoyable returns to form which found him in a lighter mood; &quot;Somewhere In England&quot; and &quot;Gone Troppo&quot; were mildly pleasant though inconsequential; &quot;Cloud Nine&quot; and the new cuts on &quot;Best Of Dark Horse&quot; were slickly produced commercial comebacks; and the two Travelling Wilbury albums found him goofing around in retro-rock form with his superstar pals to similar commercial acclaim.  The two new studio albums Harrison plans to release in the next few years are rumoured to take him in yet another direction.<br />When seen in this context, &quot;Living In The Material World&quot; clearly slots in as the pair album to &quot;All Things Must Pass&quot;, although there are several differences between the two albums.   Both are highly ambitious concept works of a deeply (some might say zealously) spiritual nature with much care taken into the overall songwriting, production and playing; indeed, &quot;Living In The Material World&quot; would be the last Harrison album to fully represent his religious vision or his epic musical aims, with most of his future work aiming for more modest (some would say slight) rewards.  &quot;Material World&quot;'s overall song cycle pits the 'spiritual sky' against the 'material world', with various prayers and sermons to and about Krishna (&quot;Give Me Love&quot;, &quot;The Lord Loves The One&quot;, &quot;Be Here Now&quot;) contrasted with the joys and trials of earthly concerns (&quot;Sue Me Sue You Blues&quot;, &quot;Don't Let Me Wait Too Long&quot;).  The two points of view are nicely juxtaposed in the title track, which even submits a humorously compressed history of his tenure with The Beatles.<br />Thus, as an overall statement &quot;Material World&quot; is as fully realized as its celebrated predecessor and even represents a more diverse range of musical styles.  The production is more stripped down than &quot;All Things Must Pass&quot;--especially on side one--although it remains as meticulous, as do the playing and singing; the styles run the gamut from cynical slide-guitar blues (&quot;Sue Me Sue You Blues&quot;) to slow, pious piano balladry (&quot;Who Can See It&quot;) to catchy singer-songwriter pop (&quot;Don't Let Me Wait Too Long&quot;) to funky 70s rock that slips into a gorgeous Indian interlude during the bridges (the title track).  Side two marks a return of ATMP's Spectorian &quot;wall of sound&quot; with the snazzy horn section on &quot;The Lord Loves The One&quot; and the heavily orchestrated &quot;Try Some Buy Some&quot;, &quot;Day The World Gets Round&quot; and &quot;That Is All&quot;, where masses of strings and choirs close out the album.  However, &quot;Material World&quot; is not quite as strong as &quot;All Things Must Pass&quot;; numbers like &quot;The Light That Has Lighted The World&quot; and &quot;That Is All&quot; sound slow, sluggish and dour, where Harrison's preachy vocals strain too hard to mask the lack of a memorable tune or a sense of self-effacing lightness.  The most out-of-place song, however, has to be &quot;Try Some Buy Some&quot;, a track produced for Ronnie Spector in '71 with an overblown use of the wall of sound and in a key not suited to to George's vocal range.  The album is at its best when it avoids these uncertainties, with about a half-dozen songs reminding one of &quot;All Things Must Pass&quot; and ranking among the best in his entire career: the glorious #1 hit single &quot;Give Me Love&quot; which betters &quot;My Sweet Lord&quot; in feel (and free of any plagiarism!); the breezy, joyful pop of &quot;Don't Let Me Wait Too Long&quot;; the masterful title cut that encapsulates the theme of the album; the rocking &quot;Lord Loves The One&quot; (although the tempo should've been speeded up here, another nagging complaint); the exquisitely meditative &quot;Be Here Now&quot; (which Oasis found good enough to rip off for the title of one of their albums) and the heartfelt &quot;Day The World Gets Round&quot;.  The album was a huge commercial success when it was released, although it received (and continues to receive) a mixed critical reaction to this day; clearly, cracks were beginning to show in the facade, as some began to tire of what they saw as Harrison's preachy dogma.  However, in retrospect &quot;Material World&quot; represents the last gasp of Harrison as an equal to his peers Lennon and McCartney (indeed, in 1973 he was still outstripping them in the wake of fiascos like &quot;Sometime In New York City&quot; and &quot;Wild Life&quot;), and its best cuts find him in fine form.
6304913176|5.0|Hienlein's Classic Adapted<br />While I loved the movie; I wish that more of the characters survived.  Look at Michael Ironside's character.  If Verhoeven went so far as to change a male character into a female; Ironside's Roughneck persona should have made it into the sequel.  The vulnerability of Rico and his torn relationship with his parents made him more human than most sci-fi movies.  Hope someone makes a sequel with the armor suits Verhoeven couldn't afford!
0694520500|4.0|This is a great book if you are feeling &quot;stuck&quot; in life, and want some pointers on how fulfill your dreams. Its advice is very basic, but told in the form of a story which makes the points brought out easy to remember. Also helping to make the points easier to remember are great one-liners like &quot;The purpose of life is to have a lifes purpose&quot; or &quot;We are spiritual people having an earthly experience&quot;. The simplicity with which the story is told, will help keep the lessons fresh in your mind.<br />I listened to the audiocassette. I took off one star from my rating, because I did not think the production was perfect. I noticed some background noise here and there. Maybe this was taped during a live talk, I don't know. The noise was noticeable but not distracting. Also, I did not feel the reading was very professionaly done. However, it is still a worthwhile tape to listen to and learn from.
B0000520SK|5.0|This was by far the funniest movie I have ever seen!!  My husband and I watch it a few times a week, sometimes just a few scenes, at the end of the night when we are getting ready to go to bed and want a few laughs to end the day.
B00003CX8J|3.0|I was a big fan of the animated series, but never read the comics.  All of the characters translated well to the screen, thanks to an excellent job of casting.  The only character that fell flat (IMO) was &quot;Rogue&quot;, I couldn't even figure out who she was until about 30 minutes into the movie.  The only major complaint I had was that they should have worn thier usual costumes, the black leather left this movie with too much of a &quot;Batman&quot; vibe.  I would give this movie 3-1/2 stars, but the system limits me to 3.  A decent and entertaining little action movie.
B00003CXE7|4.0|If you have seen big classic movies such as Spartacus, Benhur.. and experienced some touching script and the performance by actors or thespians of the past; and that you value those acting qualities or screen plays more than special effects and hi-tech action, then you cannot take 'Gladiator' very seriously in terms of elevating it to the level of classical grandor. It is just an extravaganza only modern computer technology and virtuoso can muster altogether. Just like 'Star wars' and its sequels. It only captivates you for the spectacular and swashbuckling effects. Here, the plot is good/bad type of things, very insular in its personal vindicta focus which connects nowhere to the Roman historical context. But it does entertain you for it is dramatic enough in its shallow plot and it is directed and exhibited very to the liking of today's audience who is so well accustomed to sound and visuals excellence of the big screen. Older generation of viewers might watch it and walk away without much lingering afterthoughts. Nevertheless, try not to miss it: you cannot expect any much better now-a-days.
B000002NHN|5.0|This is a wonderful collection of modern Celtic music by one of the world's premiere vocalists.  McKennitt writes her own songs and it is evident as they are sung from the heart.  It doesn't take a very careful listening to hear her soul pouring out through her music.  The popular Mummer's Dance is of course a classic, but I do prefer her longer stories.  Setting Alfred Noyes' classic poem The Highwayman to music was a stroke of brilliance.  McKennitt has a beautiful voice and is a very talented songwriter.
6305127689|1.0|The only thing worth watching in this film is the flying scenes.  The rest of the movie is such bogus tripe that it is painful to watch.  Use the fast forward key to skip to the flight scenes and ignore the rest.
0399146253|4.0|Yes, it's true.  It's not her best.  It drags a bit.  It's self-indulgent.  It's a bit long.  It retreads familiar territory.  But, you know what, it needed to be written.  We finally get inside Kay Scarpetta's head and maybe discover it's not necessarily a fun place to be.  Many loose ends are dealt with in this novel , some as far back as Body of Evidence (Cornwell's second Scarpetta novel).  My hope is that new life is breathed into the next book in the series.  For fans of Virgina's Chief Medical Examiner, it's a book that cannot be missed.  If you're not a fan, start with the first one, Postmortem, and make your way through the list (I did in a couple of months).  You will not be disappointed.
B00003CXC7|5.0|Splendid, Engrossing, and a Hell of a ride, are three terms that could describe Alfred Hitchcock's one of if not his best film out of his 54 masterpieces.  James Stewart (L.B. Jeffries) is the voyeur, a photograher in a wheelchair after an on the job mishap.  He spys out of the rear window of his small two bedroom apartment through a pair of binoculars.  After many sleepless nights and help from his model girlfriend (Grace Kelly) he begins to suspect that a neighbor may have murdered his invalid wife.  Throughout the film, his binoculars and close up camera lens act as the audiences' eyes, letting us be the voyeur too.  Only Hitch could seamlessly weave romance, tongue and cheek comedy (courtesy of Jeff's insurance company nurse, Stella), suspense, and a crime drama together to make a wonderful film about one of the most common of human acts-spying.  Classic Hitchcock camera work, edge of your seat suspense, and a particularly creepy scene involving Raymond Burr (the suspected neighbor) looking directly into the cmaera, catching us, the audience in the act of spying are all apparent in the AMAZING Hitchcock classic, Rear Window.
B00004XOWM|5.0|I think this is one of the best albums I have ever heard. Limp bizkit is amazing.  If you liked S.O your love this cd.  I enjoyed it very much along with all their other cds. Some of my favorite songs are &quot;my way&quot;, &quot;getcha groove on&quot;, &quot;Full Nelson&quot;, &quot;Livin it up&quot; , &quot;Hot Dog&quot;, and every other song on the cd I missed! If you don't have this cd I highly urge you to buy it!  Fred,Wes,Sam,John,and Lee are amazing on this cd. Please buy this cd and see for yourself!
2070102645|5.0|This book is one of the greatest books that has ever been written, if not the best.  It is very long, but the intricacies of the characters and the plot are incredible.  Hugo is a master at tackling issues of life, war, love, and God with insight and humor.  If you are possibly able to sit down and read ths many pages...do it (and the abridged version does not cut it).
B00004T9VY|5.0|I've heard so much weird stuff about Cat &quot;Yusaf Islam&quot; Stevens (or Yusaf &quot;Cat Stevens&quot; Islam) that it's sometimes hard to look past the man's current religion or dogma and just listen to or appreciate his past work.  But this is a classic album and people are missing out if they don't give it a chance.  I've heard some crazy stuff like Cat/Yusaf gives money to Osami bin Laden or whatever; but when you listen to &quot;Tea for the Tillerman&quot; it helps you realize that good music is eternal and transcends man's invented religious ideology.  There's a lot to Cat's music besides the tunes you'd get on a &quot;greatest hits&quot; compilation and this is a good place to start.  I really like &quot;Numbers&quot; but haven't found it on CD so hopefully it will be reissued someday.
B000002NIW|5.0|I bought the limted edtion version of White Pony when it came out and, it was my first Deftones purchase. I was blown away by it(wait! don't scroll down just yet I'm getting top the review). White pony was not an improvement over &quot;Around The Fur&quot;, It was/is merely a record of the same level. Around the fur is an extremely great album. From the instant &quot;Shove It&quot; starts(it's a good song and, if you read the lyrics you'll realize that Chino's not telling someone to 'shove it') you'll be blown away. Chino's whispering can lull you into a false sense of sercurity and it will but then he'll start to scream and you'll be reminded of tool and static-x. This is a must have if you have White Pony and you are just getting into the Deftones. You'll love this album.
B0000047D5|5.0|That's about the only way I can describe my new found love for this master of jazz piano playing.  Anyone who knows almost nothing about jazz knows names like Charlie Parker, Dexter Gordon, Paul Gonsalves, Erroll Garner, etc., but can rarely ever identify their work in a &quot;crowd&quot;.  I was the same way about Oscar Peterson and his magnificent trio.  Being a saxophone fan, I have more than enough Stan Getz and Johnny Hodges and Dexter Gordon in my collection (if there can be &quot;enough&quot; of that wonderful music!) and decided to try something else for my ever growing collection of 900+ cds.  Thankfully, the titles on this particular disc drew me in.  Oscar and his trio were very tight knit and very much in synch with each other, and the results are more than evident here.  Treatments of &quot;People&quot;, &quot;Quiet Nights&quot; and &quot;Days Of Wine &amp; Roses&quot; are nothing short of magnificent.  I particularly enjoyed the swagger and swing of &quot;Days Of Wine &amp; Roses&quot;.  One of the longer gems on this set is &quot;My One And Only Love&quot;, a done-to death standard that has withstood the test of time.  (Lynne Arriale's another fine pianist who covered this one in the early 90's with similarly beautiful results)  Oscar segues from time to time to other well-known tunes during this piece and evokes smiles while placing a gentle tag of his own on this evergreen.  Perhaps my most favorite piece on this disc comes in the little known &quot;You Look Good To Me&quot;, with its touching intro (and close) and the utter jam session in between while never straying from what I believe the composers meant by the title.  An excellent starting point to your soon to be large Oscar Peterson collection!
B0000004F9|4.0|Appropriately enough for a band who got their name from a William Burroughs novel, early Soft Machine demonstrated on their first two proper albums a version of a Burroughs type &quot;cut-up&quot; song structure and a sense of surreal humor/weirdness.  A lot of the magic may have come from Kevin Ayers and Robert Wyatt, who went on to make well-regarded arty albums of their own that often still retain a sense of fun. Too bad so many of these late sixties bands only had a really brilliant album or two in them (Syd Barrett for another); must have been the drugs (an intended irony there; thy may have both helped and hurt.) The Machine changed most of their members and made not-bad jazzy music but nothing with the odd sense of rock fun as these two items, ten second alphabet recitations and all.
1878424319|5.0|GREAT agreements to live by in our lives!  The books is simple, truthful, and EXCELLENT is pushing our level of thinking.  I love ALL the agreements, but &quot;Don't Take Anything Personally&quot; impacts me most, just Don't Take It Personally and all will work itself out, the way it is suppose to be!  I Love Don Miguel Ruiz!  I like his style!
B00004XONN|3.0|With OK Computer in their past, Radiohead was left with a very hard job of producing another album that would outdo their last.  To challenge the concept of music further Radiohead was confined to two possible results: to produce something absolutely amazing and awe-inspiring or to produce Kid A. As in writing, some authors like to experiment with the language to create clever arrangements or play on words.  Radiohead has done this in its use of unconventional sounds and &quot;instruments&quot; in an almost Pink Floyd-like fashion.  Unlike the afore mentioned group though, Radiohead's experimentation has left the works devoid of emotion, and in some cases outright annoying.  I can appreciate instrumentals but in this case the lack of vocals and insightful lyrics, which I personally thought to be one of Radiohead's greatest points, leave the work hollow.      It is a shame that the group had to rely on the fame of OK Computer to bring this to fruition.  New and different ideas do not automatically preclude good ideas.  If this is what Radiohead's music has evovled into I doubt I will purchase their next album.
B00003CXDG|2.0|When they teamed up Woo and Cruise to make this movie, they should have just called in something else.  They eliminated almost all of the M:I team, leaving only Vinge Rhames to play 10 minutes on the screen.  This is a Cruise-fest, plain and simple.  And Woo's insipid filming technique, which for the most part does work in martial arts only movies, falls on its face.  In a story that is supposed to be somewhat believable, we watch Cruise and cast complete hilarious stunts including a midair chest to chest impact of Cruise and baddie going at about 60 mph (120 mph impact) each.  Please!  And the repetitive use of rubber masks, upon rubber masks became boring, trite, and downright stupid after awhile.  If they would have titled this movie something completely different, I would probably like it more.  But this IS NOT Mission: Impossible.
6302641888|5.0|after seeing this movie for the first time, i was amazed by  bergman's talent.  after seeing persona for the tenth time, i wept uncontrolably like a little child.  this film is really good.
0140001115|5.0|I was supposed to read this in 5th grade, but I didn't. Picked it up at age 40 and feel cheated that I skipped it.  What a great book and a super read.  I finished it in one read and am now looking to read all of Sherlock Holmes.  What have we been missing???????????
B00003CX8J|5.0|If you like the comic book X-men then you will love this movie. Im from Sweden and its not very easy for me to get my hands on good quality movies and this is superb in all ways picture and sound is just perfect. The story will capture you for two hours and when the movie is over youd want to see more..
B000000W8C|3.0|Having bought this based on the great reviews on Amazon, i feel a bit duped.  There are some good songs and some great moments here.  The ballads are spine tingling and the guitar work is great on the more extended jams.  &quot;On Your Own&quot; is a stand out track.  But even stronger tracks like &quot;History&quot; only hint at the more lyrically and musically sound &quot;Urban Hymns&quot;.  It seems like there's a lot of off the cuff wordplay going on that just doesn't work on this album.  The production is another matter and usually I don't care about production.  Guided By Voices &quot;Bee Thousand&quot; sounds horrible but i still think it's a great album.  The engineers should be shot for putting this out as it is and the Verve should never have let this get out by approving this final mix.  This sounds at times like it was recorded in an empty bar.  To be commended is the guitar playing especially the last 12 minute reprise track.  It is stellar.  But beware the hype...
0399146253|3.0|Patricia Cornwell provides a fascinating glimpse into the mind of her famous character, Dr. Kay Scarpetta, and, having considered &quot;Black Notice&quot; well below the author's incredible storytelling gifts, I am happy to say that she appears to be returning to form.<br />I will refrain from summarizing the plot, as that has already been done both in the editorial reviews and in the individual reviews which have preceeded mine.<br />I enjoyed Kay's interior musings here, which suggest a ripening character on the brink of great change, and also provide Scarpetta with a dimension of vulnerability which encourages greater identification with her on the part of the reader.  By the novel's end, Kay's future is uncertain and I hope that Cornwell seizes this opportunity to take her character somewhere she's never been before.<br />The danger of recycling the same characters throughout a series of novels is that they will become stale or, in the case of the last few Cornwell novels, bogged down in their own situations or miseries.  New characters add a breath of fresh air to the usual suspects (no pun intended) and often bring forth new dimensions of familiar characters.  Such is the case here with Anna Zenner, who is interesting in her own right and who provides Kay with something she hasn't really had in any of the previous novels:  a friend.  It would be good to see more of Anna - or others - in future works, so that Kay's world never again becomes as constricted as it was by the end of &quot;Black Notice&quot;.<br />Cornwell still has some work to do.  There are holes in her plot line.  For example, Chandonne's character unexplainedly drops off halfway through the story except when he's referred to by other characters, and the relationship between Jay Talley and Bev Kiffin seems a bit too coincidental - or perhaps this will be explained in the next book.  It makes no sense why these two should ever have hooked up and Cornwell offers no explanations.  She should exercise caution in taking a simplistic, obvious or predictable route out of a corner she may have written herself into just to provide her readers with a neat ending, which is what happened in &quot;Black Notice&quot;.  Complexity is fine as long as it is believable.<br />Taken as a whole, &quot;The Last Precinct&quot; is a highly encouraging sign that Cornwell is back and one hopes she will continue to improve Kay Scarpetta's path well into the future.rcise caution in taking a simplistic, obvious or predictable route out of a corner she may have written herself into just to provide her readers with a neat ending, which is what happened in &quot;Black Notice&quot;.  Complexity is fine as long as it is believable.<br />Taken as a whole, &quot;The Last Precinct&quot; is a highly encouraging sign that Cornwell is back and one hopes she will continue to improve Kay Scarpetta's path well into the future.
B000006YYM|4.0|Gentle Giant were born about four centuries too late.  It was only when I heard when of the best CD releases of 1999, John Surman's IN DARKNESS LET ME DWELL, that I realised that this was really Gentle Giant's territory.  With hindsight, Gentle Giant seem now to have been an amalgam of John Dowland (the Elizabethan composer/lutenist) and ELP.<br />THE POWER AND THE GLORY is one of their very best recordings, rivalled only by FREE HAND.  The CD edition I have was minted by Capitol Records -- excellently re-mastered, but with sod-all sleevenotes.  As another reviewer says here, the first four tracks are outstanding.  The third track, 'Aspirations', sounds uncannily like Van Der Graaf Generator's PAWN HEARTS, also an outstanding record which appeared a couple of years earlier.
6305807086|5.0|I just saw this movie tonight for the first time (no movie theaters where I live) and I must say while it's fresh in my mind: We need Artisitc risk takers like Charlie Kaufman who've been to their own versions of 'Malkovich' - the land where everyone is you - and lived to make a sucessful hollywood movie out of the experience instead of trying to repress it.<br />Look away.<br />Oh, and from experience I can tell you that the method that Craig uses to guess Maxine's name works. Try it, it's fun.
B00004ZAV3|4.0|If you want to introduce somebody to the music of the Beatles for the 1st time and the Red and Blue Album collections (1962-1966, 1967-1970) are out of your price league, this is a short but sweet resume.  Even if you're not a fan of the Fab 4 or their music doesn't grab you, you can't deny their influence (which is still going strong after nearly 40 years), creativity, or talent (they wrote, played, and sang their own songs!).  This collection is reminiscent of &quot;20 Greatest Hits&quot;, a vinyl collection which was released in the mid-1980's (with an edited version of &quot;Hey Jude&quot; at only 5 minutes- fortunately, you get the full-length version here).<br />It starts out with &quot;Love Me Do&quot;, their 1st single ever (1962).  Ironically, it didn't reach the US until 1964, but made #1 there (not the UK).  The 1st US single was &quot;From Me to You&quot; (1963).  It wasn't until the releases of &quot;She Loves You&quot; and &quot;I Want to Hold Your Hand&quot; that the Beatles broke through in the US. Songs from their experimental period include &quot;Help!&quot;, &quot;Yesterday&quot;, &quot;Eleanor Rigby&quot;, &quot;Penny Lane&quot;, and &quot;All You Need Is Love&quot;.  In addition are some of their later hits like &quot;Let It Be&quot;, &quot;Something&quot;, &quot;Come Together&quot;, and their last single &quot;The Long &amp; Winding Road&quot; (1970).<br />Collectors will want this for the CD booklet, which is lavishly decorated with original picture sleeves from around the world (Asia, France, and Spanish speaking countries).  Plus it features Richard Avedon's beautifully surrealistic artwork of each of the Beatles and a nice foreward by their multitalented producer George Martin (who is also a fine musician, conductor, and composer).<br />Since these are only Beatles songs that made #1 either in the US or the UK, some of your favorite songs may not be included on this collection (&quot;Hey, where's 'Revolution', 'I Am the Walrus', 'StrawberryFields Forever', 'The Fool on the Hill', 'Here Comes the Sun', or 'All My Loving'?&quot;).  Furthermore, there's nothing from With the Beatles, Rubber Soul, Sgt. Pepper, or the White Album (but neither Pepper or the White Album sported any original singles anyways).  Nevertheless, it's still a good overview and more music and 1 more song than on the Red Album alone!
B00005613Q|5.0|Jeff Beck proves once more why he is so highly rated amongst his peers. This CD shows off his skills in a variety of styles, sometimes very modern, sometimes classic blues and sometimes something completely different. The standout track is &quot;Nadia&quot; with an unbelieveably smooth legato technique and a melody to die for. This is the sort of tune that separates Mr. Beck from most of the others in his elite class. He uses his awsome technical ability to make great music. He hardly ever shows off but rather just plays what is right for the occasion. But, if you want a little bit of shred, just listen to the end of &quot;Left Hook&quot;. And after the barrage of &quot;Earthquake&quot;, &quot;Loose Cannon&quot; and &quot;Left Hook&quot; and the fun of &quot;Dirty Mind&quot;, &quot;Rollin and Tumblin'&quot; and &quot;Rosebud&quot; the CD ends with &quot;Suspension&quot; THE most gorgeous sound painting of the lot.
B000001FDK|5.0|This is an excellent album and it most certainly has not aged. It is still as fresh and as much fun as it was when it was first released. It is a soundtrack that appeals to any age, from babies to the elderly. And who out there has not heard at least some of the songs on the radio, even if they have never seen the movie! And the songs are so catchy and singable, and make you feel happy even when you're down. There is also an enchanced version which I have, that features clips from the movie. But regardless, the music on this album is a must.
0385474547|5.0|'Things Fall Apart' is absolutely beautiful.  I don't think I've ever been so moved by such simple, perfect writing.  The story is engaging, and the book lacks the pretension so prevelant in most 'works of literature.'  <br />A truly amazing book.
B00003CXFV|5.0|My daughter bought me this DVD for Christmas. I am not a huge movie buff, but I had heard a little about the film, but it had never appealed to me enough to want to go and see it when it was out in theatres. Anyway, I sat down and watched it just after the holidays when things had calmed down a bit, and I was very impressed, especially with the fact that it was based on a true story, although how much Hollywood had altered it, I'm not sure. Anyway, once I had gotten over the way Julia swore and dressed, I really enjoyed it, even though the end was kind of predictable. But even so it is still very riveting. Erin Brokovich is a great role model (minus the language) for young women, and shows that you can accomplish many things if you have the mind and the motivation to do so.
B00003CXFV|5.0|I was really amazed how much I loved this film.  I actually love the DVD, because ti gave much insight into the real Brockovich and into Soderburgh's careful attention to the telling of her story.  This gave me alot of respect for Steven Soderburgh and made me believe that if I had a story interesting enough to tell(although, regrettably Paul Lynde is dead)I would want him to tell my tale. Julia Roberts is terrific in this.  You don't always like her but that is her risk.  There are moments of her Julia Robertsness, but it is so well balanced by the dedication to the story.  Albert Finney is equally wonderful.  ................I mean yes, it is a hollywood style tale, there is no surprise about the ending, but the journey is a clean, interesting one.  And yes, I did think that Julia had alot of outfits for being so poor, but it is all part of the character.  I don't find it that gratuitous, and believe me, you could do worse.  Check this movie out.  It is really enjoyable.
B00000FCBC|4.0|For Metallica fans of days gone by, the Metallica of today is sometimes a bitter pill to swallow. Nevertheless, I think old fans and new will be able to appreciate this offering from the band; a compilation of the cover tunes that once helped bring the name Metallica to the attentions of metalheads everywhere...with some new songs in tow. <br />The second disc is worth the price alone; containing the songs from both the phenomenal Garage Day EPs as well as some of the band's best B-side covers all remastered to perfection. This is a fantastic thing for those who've long since lost their original copies. For new fans, it gives you a chance to hear the fierce and wild Metallica that so many of us older fans have come to miss. <br />The first disc I enjoyed less; it was recorded more recently and therefore evidences Hetfield's new take on singing. (One I have never enjoyed) For fans of the more recent Metallica offerings, this will be less of a drawback as the songs are nevertheless performed well. Included are some of the influences the newer day Metallica displays, such as Bob Seiger...Lynard Skynard and Thin Lizzy. There's also a Mercyful Fate medley that those familiar with the band will either find funny or insulting - as the songs are performed with the more upbeat blues rock style of modern day Metallica.<br />All in all I think this was one of the best offerings Metallica could have made and I am very pleased to have it. There's something for a Metallica fan of any age, and if you aren't too put off with the band for one reason or another, I highly recommend picking yourself up a copy.
B00003CWTI|5.0|Amongst my circle of friends, artists and educators, the film Magnolia has been highly praised.  People are very good about not revealing much about it, as it is an indescribable piece of work. I responded to this film unlike I have responded to anything in a long time.............From reading the reviews before me, I can certainly see that this is a work that begs for opinion.  For that alone I think it is a masterwork.  This is not an easy journey, even in conventional terms.  It deals with parenting(mostly fathers ....we take a beating), cancer, the foibles of humanity...tthe pain of fame, and the chance responsibility of being human.  ...............and if that wasn't enough, the film is in no way conventional.  In the DVD documentary(which could actually use a little editing) Director PT Anderson says he is not telling 6 stories but one story, and there is a seamless approach to the work.  Anderson jumps around his world, makes up rules, breaks them.  He puts the unconventionality in your faCE, and lets you know that your life watching this film is going to go on the same ride that the characters go on.............The conventional concepts of the movie, the acting for instance, are first rate.  I think Cruise is excellent.  John Reilly is fabulous as well.  Well, let's face it, this is a wonder cast.........One possible drawback  There is one great moment in the documentary where Phillip Baker Hall is lamenting the use of the &quot;f-word&quot; so much, and that certainly is a quandry.  Is the language character based...it seems like in the world of Anderson the language of the characters is based in the swearers and the vehemently opposed to swearing.  So what is the ultimate word on Magnolia?  I think this is one of the most original, challenging pieces I have ever seen.  You will be faced with theatrical moments of opera in biblical proportions.  You will love it, or hate it.  But you won't stop thinking about it. PS.  So you know where I stand....I love theWise Up section.
B00002E224|5.0|Err ... what else can I say? Most of the reviewers gave this movie a perfect 5 and I absolutely share the opinion. I'm equally struck by this believable romance movie, stunning &amp; engaging couple, natural acting, poignant snapshots, nostalgic classical music, even the song by Kath Bloom is perfect.  Two very different people. Celine from a privileged background, Jesse from a lower working class.  Celine is rather open and tells more of herself; Jesse is more secretive. Celine often felt like she's way older than her age whilst Jesse felt like he's a little boy, trying to be a man. Celine takes people as they are; Jesse is more cynical. In fact Celine said, &quot;If there is any kind of God, it won't be either one of us, not you or me but a few small spaces in between. If there is some kind of magic in this world, it must be a near attempt to understand each other, sharing something.&quot; And that was what they had. Get it?  P.S. Best watched alone at the wee hours of the morning. I once tried sharing this movie with a friend; she was talking too much and I had to terminate the movie after 15 mins.  Sort of kills it, you know.
B000002H33|5.0|man i bought this and i was stolked! this is an ausome tallica cd, i have almost all of them except load and let me tell ya this one is up there of my favs, along with kill and ride!
B00003CXE7|5.0|I think that this is a wonderful movie.  It truly demonstrates how people like Commodus come into power.  My favorite line is where Commodus rides up and says &quot;Father, did I miss the battle?&quot;.  His father responds, &quot;No son, you missed the war.&quot;<br />Kind of like George Bush hiding out in the National Guard.<br />Great ending to the movie however,,,I can't wait.
0780625129|5.0|From the beginning, this movie plunges you headlong into the very real and very scary world of racism.  Edward Norton gives a stunning and captivating performance as Derek Vinyard, the neo-Nazi icon in South Venice Beach.  This story describes the confusion experienced by all who live in America's ghettoes.  Derek goes to prison for the gruesome murder of two rival gang members, and returns to the streets of Venice Beach a reformed individual.  His younger brother (Furlong), has been an active participant in the gang since Derek's departure.  Derek's newly reformed outlook on life and race has him focusing on helping his brother leave the gang, and getting his family out of poverty.  Gruesome, riveting, and suspenseful, this movie had me on the edge of my seat until the very end.  It's tragic ending had me in tears.  This movie allows us to view the struggles of life in poverty from the comfort of our couches.  Our actions affect the lives of those around us in ways we may not ever know.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I remember buying all three of the Beatles Anthology Albums and being extremely dissapointed because the songs I wanted to hear weren't on the albums.  I spent over 60$ on those CD's, and although I enjoy them, I could have spent much less if the Beatles 1 album had been released five years early.  For the price, this CD is pure gold.  In no other album can you find &quot;Yellow Submarine&quot;, &quot;Let it Be&quot;, and &quot;A Hard Day's Night&quot; for about 15$.  All I need to say, is that if you even remotely like the Beatles, this CD is a must buy.
0743201140|4.0|This book presents an interesting description of personality that describes 34 different types of strengths that a person may have.  Based on measurement of these strengths (discussed below), it is possible to identify dominant strengths that help to determine personality.  The focus of the book is on describing these strengths and then arguing that it is best for individuals and managers can best develop and build upon individuals' strengths.  The book makes the interesting point that it is most effective trying to build on these strengths rather trying to identify and improve upon weaknesses.<br />A key to this book is an internet-based test that allows an individual to obtain a measurement of their top five strengths.  To take this test, you log onto a specific website and type in the unique password that is printed in thte inside cover of the book.  (This means you only take the test once -- your friends will need to buy the book to take the test!).  The test is based on work that the Gallup Organization has done and has (according to the book) been been administered to 2 million people in a large number of different type of organizations.<br />Once on the site, you answer 180 questions in which you are asked to make a two-way choice as to what word better describes you, which action you would rather take, and so forth.  It takes about 20-30 minutes in total to get through these, but once you do, a report is generated on screen (along with an with the same information) that lists your top five strengths and provides a description of what they are. Many of the strengths involve how you deal with people, how you process information, and how you see yourself in the world.<br />The book gives short descriptions of each strength and gives short (one-paragraph)write-ups from people who have the particular strength describing themselves. The book is meant to be a management tool, in that it talks about how to manage people with each of the strength in the book and make best use of these strengths.<br />I feel that the book is a better popular psychology book rather than a management book.  Although the descriptions of strength seemed fairly clear, the discussion could have been better when it described how to manage people.  It tended to be a list of &quot;do this&quot; without much discussion of why a manager might want to encourage an employee to do certain things or take on certain types of assignments.  What the book really lacked was a description of the downside that certain strengths might bring (e.g., a person who is deliberative may seem to take a long time to do something).  A better discussion of what the strengths really mean would have been helpful.<br />The book is well-written and taking the test is fun. Learning about one own attributes as measured by the test is helpful, both in personal and business life.  It will make you think about yourself in a constructive and stimulating way. This in itself makes the book worth buying.<br />The book provides some good insight into how to manage individual types of people and help them develop on the job. I found it a bit weak on management from the standpoint of what an organization should do, in that it just seemed too general beyond saying figure out what everybody can do well and encourage them to do it. It may be, however, that some of this material is discussed in the book's (earlier) companion book (&quot;First, Break All the Rules&quot;).best use of these strengths.  <br />I feel that the book is a better popular psychology book rather than a management book.  Although the descriptions of strength seemed fairly clear, the discussion could have been better when it described how to manage people.  It tended to be a list of &quot;do this&quot; without much discussion of why a manager might want to encourage an employee to do certain things or take on certain types of assignments.  What the book really lacked was a description of the downside that certain strengths might bring (e.g., a person who is deliberative may seem to take a long time to do something).  A better discussion of what the strengths really mean would have been helpful.<br />The book is well-written and taking the test is fun. Learning about one own attributes as measured by the test is helpful, both in personal and business life.  It will make you think about yourself in a constructive and stimulating way. This in itself makes the book worth buying. <br />The book provides some good insight into how to manage individual types of people and help them develop on the job. I found it a bit weak on management from the standpoint of what an organization should do, in that it just seemed too general beyond saying figure out what everybody can do well and encourage them to do it. It may be, however, that some of this material is discussed in the book's (earlier) companion book (&quot;First, Break All the Rules&quot;).
630463949X|5.0|As a quasi-fan of Fleetwood Mac, I happened to catch the end of The Dance on public television a couple of months ago.  I was fascinated not so much by the sound (I was only hearing it in stereo), but by the fun Mick Fleetwood was having on the drums.  He was absolutely fantastic.  The others former members of the band, Stevie Nicks, Christie McVie, John McVie, and Lindsey Buckingham were absolutely enjoying their reunion of sorts.  It really showed.  Well, that short clip made me go out and buy the DVD.  When I watched the concert in its entirety, I was in awe.  The 5.1 soundtrack is awesome, Mick's drum playing is one of the best performances I've heard, and Lindsey's guitar playing is, well, a work of art.  The vocals of Stevie and Christie are timeless.  If you haven't seen or heard this concert, do yourself a favor and buy the DVD version.  You won't be disappointed.
B00004X01U|5.0|The icon, the legend, the pop music Queen has done it again.  Within in 10 seconds of hearing her first single &quot;MUSIC&quot; you just want the album no matter what else it has on it.  Hoping the other songs would be similar to &quot;MUSIC&quot; I was pleasantly surprised that each song, yes each of all 10, were unique and different in each way.  The vocal style, and lyrics were amazingy differnt.  For examply, you hear &quot;MUSIC&quot; and think she's going for that funky hip hop approach, but then you hear &quot;DON'T TELL ME&quot; and you hear Cowgirl meets rock and roll.  Then on the 2nd track &quot;IMPRESSIVE INSTANT&quot; you feel as though Mrs. Ritchie is taking you back to her roots in her clubbing days in New York City.  It's a very unique non-traditional song.  Although there were a few tracks that didn't catch my attention, they were still good, and uniquely designed.  It's an album you put in and start and let it go till it's finished. No skipping tracks on this one.  Then finally, the last song &quot; GONE &quot; has to be one of the best.  It touches everyone that hears it.  No matter who you are regardless to your likes and dislikes, this song will relate to you somehow.  Especially those who are'nt following the dreams in their life they need to following. It's Madonna's message to follow your heart and dream your dreams.  And in conclusion, Madonna proves with this album that she is Madonna.  This is her Music.  This is her Millenium hit, and she certainly is not Gone.
B000002U82|5.0|I'm not a Pink Floyd buff, and I don't pretend to be. I don't currently own any other Floyd albums, so I can't really compair it to any of the other work, but I have to say this album is fantastic. When played straight through(which in my opinion is the best way to listened to it), it plays like a beautiful jazz-influenced, rock symphony. Each song melts into the next so the album should really be viewed as a whole rather than sperate songs. That being said, each of the songs have their own strong message/theme(money,aging,etc...). &quot;Dark Side Of The Moon&quot; opens and closes with the sound of a heartbeat, which is really appropriate because it's all about internal struggle and dealing with things. Aside from just the level of &quot;sounding good,&quot; which it does, the album really has some lessons behind it that almost everyone can relate to. Basically you don't have to be a music fanatic to love this album and to know that this album will still be listened to for a long time. Sounds cliched, but it's true.
B00005614M|5.0|&quot;Birth of the Cool&quot; was where Miles Davis made his first mark in jazz.  Possibly the most influential jazz artist of all-time, Miles was on the forefront of the music for several decades, essentially steering its path during that time, and with the landmark recordings that make up this CD, Miles Davis (as well as Gerry Mulligan and Gil Evans, who deserve just as much credit) gives birth to &quot;cool&quot; jazz.  Though it has had a few detractors who've dismissed it as 'boring' and 'bland,' a majority of listeners are really taken by what Davis &amp; Co. have accomplished here.  That nonet only recorded 12 pieces in the studio, and the whole dozen have been collected in this remarkable compilation.<br />Davis's lyrical, anti-virtuoso trumpet finds a beautiful soulmate in Gerry Mulligan's baritone sax (who also had a huge hand in writing much of the material as well).  The recordings are most famous for the arrangements Evans, Mulligan, and a few others have given the music; elegant and sophisticated, it charts new territory in &quot;big band&quot; music, something that would ultimately lead to the quasi-orchestral music produced by Davis and Evans in the late 50's and early 60's.<br />A few years ago, it was thought that the definitive version of &quot;Birth of the Cool&quot; was released on a CD titled &quot;The Complete Birth of the Cool,&quot; a remastered disc that also contained live radio performances of the music.  However, recently, famed recording engineer Rudy Van Gelder discovered the original master tapes that were used for the original 78's (all 12 tracks were initially released as 78's; they weren't compiled on to an album until several years later).  As it turned out, every Lp and CD of the album since then were made from Lp masters that were essentially safety copies.  Capitol was reluctant to remaster this material after just doing so, but supposedly Van Gelder convinced them to do so due to the quality of the masters.  Now remastered andreissued under Blue Note's RVG Series, this latest edition is simply incredible to listen to.  Far better than older editions of this CD, it even outstrips the &quot;Complete Birth of Cool&quot; disc.<br />If you haven't bought this music yet, this new RVG edition is definitely the one to get on the basis of sound.  &quot;The Complete&quot; does have those radio performances, but while they are of obvious interest to lifelong jazz enthusiasts, I wouldn't call them essential.
B000002AGN|5.0|I was first introduced to this by my piano teacher in his attempts to introduce me to jazz.  I hadn't heard about Dave Brubeck before, as I was quite young and my music styles weren't very versitile at the time.  It didn't take me long to fall in love with Jazz.  &quot;Take 5&quot; was the first on the album that really captured the feeling to me of what music was really about and showed more emotion and feeling than any song I had ever heard.  I guess the power to capture feelings is what makes jazz so great.  After Brian gave this to me as a gift, it was listened to over and over and if it hadn't gotten stolen, I would still be listening to it, and probably will buy another copy shortly.  If your a fan of the smooth piano jazz of the 40's and 50's add this one to your collection with out a doubt.
0440180295|5.0|There are thousands of war-diaries in the world today. There are big books, small books, boring books, intense books, and diary books, all on the subject of war. When was the last time you read a war book? And liked it? Maybe you've never been interested to pick up a book about war. Personally, I've never finished a war book, usually because they're horribly boring. I could do without endless details about battles and strategy; it takes more than that to keep me interested. Well, in a world of thousands of dull war-books, Slaughterhouse-Five rises above the rest as a breath of fresh air. It is a book that I will read and re-read throughout my life. Kurt Vonnegut, Jr. wrote Slaughterhouse-Five to be serious, hysterically funny, and very creative all at the same time, all of which he succeeds at doing.  Slaughterhouse-Five tells the tale of the life of Billy Pilgrim, a nave young scout* who is captured in the Battle of Dresden of WWII. Billy is then employed in a slaughterhouse manufacturing vitamins for pregnant women. While Vonnugut is telling the story about the life Billy Pilgrim, he is actually telling the story of himself*, precisely when he witnessed the firebombing of Dresden, Germany.   The aspect of the book that makes it so special is the style in which it was written. Vonnegut writes the book about Billy Pilgrim in a series of flashbacks throughout his life, like in a series of cycles. *  In one paragraph, for example, the reader will find Billy Pilgrim sitting in his office pondering his twisted life. However, in the next paragraph, the reader may find Billy being held hostage by German soldiers or kidnapped by aliens. \\"Overhead he heard the cry of what might have been a melodious owl, but it wasn't a melodious owl. It was flying saucer, from Tralfamadore, navigating in both space and time, therefore seeming Billy Pilgrim to have come from nowhere all at once. Somewhere a big dog barked,\\" (p. 75) After each death in the book, the phrase \\"so it goes\\" appears, telling us that life just moves on. \\"One of them singled out Billy's face for a moment, then focused at infinite again. There was a tiny plume of smoke at infinity. There was a battle there. People were dying there. So it goes.\\" (p.65) Growing up in times of war and poverty (2), Vonnegut has a unique outlook on life and society. In spite of this, the novel deals with many social and ecological problems that were surfacing in the sixties. \\"And Hitler turned into a baby, and all humanity, without exception, conspired biologically to produce two perfect people named Adam and Eve, he supposed.\\" (p. 75)  Slaughterhouse-Five beautifully blends humor, critique, and thought-inspiring themes in this recount of WWII events. Vonnegut's unique, fresh style can't be resisted and becomes very charismatic as the book progresses. Slaughterhouse-Five is timeless.
0380002930|5.0|This is all and all a great book. The story of young rabbits who decide to break off their normal life to journey. The book includes delightful characters like Hazel, a natural born leader and Pipkin, a small and unsure warrior to be. You can read it as a story or something more, a human comparison of hardships and the fighting chance to survive against the world. I gave it 5 stars and i wish i could give it 10.
0440180295|5.0|There are thousands of war-diaries in the world today. There are big books, small books, boring books, intense books, and diary books, all on the subject of war. When was the last time you read a war book? And liked it? Maybe you've never been interested to pick up a book about war. Personally, I've never finished a war book, usually because they're horribly boring. I could do without endless details about battles and strategy; it takes more than that to keep me interested. Well, in a world of thousands of dull war-books, Slaughterhouse-Five rises above the rest as a breath of fresh air. It is a book that I will read and re-read throughout my life. Kurt Vonnegut, Jr. wrote Slaughterhouse-Five to be serious, hysterically funny, and very creative all at the same time, all of which he succeeds at doing.  Slaughterhouse-Five tells the tale of the life of Billy Pilgrim, a nave young scout* who is captured in the Battle of Dresden of WWII. Billy is then employed in a slaughterhouse manufacturing vitamins for pregnant women. While Vonnugut is telling the story about the life Billy Pilgrim, he is actually telling the story of himself*, precisely when he witnessed the firebombing of Dresden, Germany.   The aspect of the book that makes it so special is the style in which it was written. Vonnegut writes the book about Billy Pilgrim in a series of flashbacks throughout his life, like in a series of cycles. *  In one paragraph, for example, the reader will find Billy Pilgrim sitting in his office pondering his twisted life. However, in the next paragraph, the reader may find Billy being held hostage by German soldiers or kidnapped by aliens. \\"Overhead he heard the cry of what might have been a melodious owl, but it wasn't a melodious owl. It was flying saucer, from Tralfamadore, navigating in both space and time, therefore seeming Billy Pilgrim to have come from nowhere all at once. Somewhere a big dog barked,\\" (p. 75) After each death in the book, the phrase \\"so it goes\\" appears, telling us that life just moves on. \\"One of them singled out Billy's face for a moment, then focused at infinite again. There was a tiny plume of smoke at infinity. There was a battle there. People were dying there. So it goes.\\" (p.65) Growing up in times of war and poverty (2), Vonnegut has a unique outlook on life and society. In spite of this, the novel deals with many social and ecological problems that were surfacing in the sixties. \\"And Hitler turned into a baby, and all humanity, without exception, conspired biologically to produce two perfect people named Adam and Eve, he supposed.\\" (p. 75)  Slaughterhouse-Five beautifully blends humor, critique, and thought-inspiring themes in this recount of WWII events. Vonnegut's unique, fresh style can't be resisted and becomes very charismatic as the book progresses. Slaughterhouse-Five is timeless.<br />Sources  *--- ([...]) A Kurt Vonnegut website mainly about Slaughterhouse-Five  2--- ([...]) The sparknotes context section
B000002U82|4.0|I can't give any recommendation that the previous 530 reviewers have.  But scrolling through their reviews I haven't seen any mention of the Wizard of Oz phenomenon.  <br />In a bizarre coincidence, the song program on 'Dark Side' synchronizes with some scene changes and plot turns in the classic movie 'Wizard of Oz'.  You have to hit the 'start' button on the CD player at the right moment --- at the end of the MGM lion's third roar at the beginning of the film. I've done this and some of the coincidences are striking, especially the tornado/'Great Gig in the Sky' sequence. <br />For more information, look on the internet.  There are several sites devoted to this and other Pink Floyd/movie synchronicities.  They give specific coincidences, including song lyrics which (supposedly) comment on the action in the film (stretching things a bit) but it helps to have a guide.<br />Hey, another benefit of the CD for the undecided shopper.
B000050XEI|5.0|As a lover of Celtic Music, I find releases such as &quot;A Day Without Rain&quot; to be fresh and soothing. I find inner peace listening to the cuts of this album. ENYA delivers.....no matter what she produces. KUDOS ENYA!
B000002KN8|4.0|Ive been a Depeche Mode fan for a while now, and I just listened to thier first album &quot;Speak and Spell&quot; and I must say, its pretty good.<br /> With the exception of &quot;Whats Your Name?&quot;, all of the songs are pretty good. Vince was a OK writer, but he wasnt the best. Martin's songs were good. I liked &quot;Tora! Tora! Tora!&quot; and the instrumental &quot;Big Muff&quot; is pretty good. The Voices version of &quot;Any Second Now&quot; and the Schizo mix of &quot;Just Cant Get Enough&quot; are good, but I like the original versions of the songs better.
B00003CXDG|3.0|I found the story in this one fair more involving than the story in the first Mission: Impossible movie. I really wanted to feel for the sacrifices that the two main characters made for the sake of the &quot;mission&quot;. However, I found the rapid-fire, almost music video-style direction distracting to the point that the story was often lost (as was my attention to the movie). Based on other reviews, I had expected more. Although I know that most reviewers disgree with me on this, I find the first film effort a more watchable choice. Perhaps upon a repeat viewing, I might come to like this one more than I do.
B00000163G|5.0|2pac is tha best and tha realest that did it and no one will ever be like him. i wasn't really in to rap, but after listening to 2pac and all eyez on me, i fell in love with rap.what amazes me in this cd is that all the songz in this album are tight and dope with classical beats and powerful lyrics.and they even knock out most of today's albums.. most of the rap cats today come out with album and only 3 or 4 out of 15 sondgz song alright with lotta skits. but all eyez on me songs were all classy and no skits.it also have good collaborations with great talented rappers like dre,snoop,red man, method man, kurrupt, nate dogg, daz dillinger, danny boy, k-ci and jo-jo, e-40, richie richie, and 2pac's favorite rap clique &quot;Tha Outlawz&quot; who appeared in good songz like war stories, when we ride, and thug passion. .i loved the east side collabos he did showing he gat love for tha east side.  i love all the songs but my favorite songs are: cali love, all about u, only god can judge me, 2 0f amerikaz most wanted, i ain't mad atcha, all eyez on me,  ambition as a ridah, life goes on, holla at me, thug passion, wonder y they call u b*tch, when we ride, got my mind made up, picture me rollin, rather be ya..&quot;,ain't hard 2 find,heaven ain't hard 2 find ....this album is the best of pac cuz he expressed his anger, pain, and joy/happiness in this classic album.it's a must bye for all fans. just buy it, listen to all the songs and find out why he's Makaveli the don and the god- father/originator of &quot;thug rap&quot;.for new rap lovers it will put most of ya current rappers to shame cuz all eyez on me knocks em out. &quot;I rather die like a man than live like a coward&quot; ~2pac on &quot;only god can judge me&quot;
B00000DG1R|5.0|When Duran Duran hit the scene in the early 80's they were immediately dubbed 'the next Beatles...' and although that prediction was a bit premature--okay it was downright way off, these boys from across the pond DID manage to pump out a boatload of amazingly likeable hits.  I'll never forget watching MTV while one of the VJ's interviewed a Duran groupie who was contemplating the mysteries behind the song, 'The Reflex' and they finally asked her exactly what the song meant...she stuttered like Mel Tillis 'cuz she had to admit that the song actually meant NOTHING lyrically--but it sure did SOUND good...as did virtually everything they recorded.<br />There has been a lot of talk about the band's direction in the 90's and while they have obviously lost the 'can't go wrong' status they enjoyed in the 80's, much of what they have recorded has gone unnoticed, which is unfortunate for this talented group of musicians.  Duran Duran's first 'Greatest Hits' package ('Decade') was certainly an impressive list of songs, but as the trend of the past 10 years continues (bands releasing several different versions of their 'greatest hits'--mostly to cash in on their appeal in their declining years of popularity) Duran2 has given us a vast improvement over their original 'hits' release.  I would recommend you grab this even if you already OWN their original 'Decade' CD, due entirely to the inclusion of so many MORE songs.  A Compact Disc can store about 69 minutes of audio, and most people would be a bit upset to know that the average album has less than 40 minutes (usually) of songs on it, and thank heavens Duran2 decided to give us what we pay for, and we get it in abundance here.<br />I met the band back in '88 on one of their tours when they were still able to pack the biggest arena's in America, and in one of my lucky interviews with the band afterwards, they were surprisingly cool about their incredible popularity, virtually shocked that a bunch of friends could cause such a stir and sell millions of albums.  They were truly humbled at being compared to the Beatles, and felt that it was entirely unjustified (as do most folks, actually--but was nice to hear from THEM) and treated their fans with great respect...now whether or not that was because the press was covering the event or not, I have no idea, but all I know is they were nice guys--rich, but nice.  This 'Greatest' CD deserves to be on YOUR shelf along with anything else you might own.  Good stuff from a great band.stir and sell millions of albums.  They were truly humbled at being compared to the Beatles, and felt that it was entirely unjustified (as do most folks, actually--but was nice to hear from THEM) and treated their fans with great respect...now whether or not that was because the press was covering the event or not, I have no idea, but all I know is they were nice guys--rich, but nice.  This 'Greatest' CD deserves to be on YOUR shelf along with anything else you might own.  Good stuff from a great band.
0393317552|4.0|When this book was recommended to me, I thought, &quot;How can this guy fit the entire history of civilization into one volume?&quot;.  The answer is that he can't...but he certainly does a wonderful job at debunking some academic myths and giving an interesting general overview of how civilization came to be.  Since little is ever mentioned of Polyponesian and Micronesian society in American history and sociology classes, I found that aspect of his studies to be very interesting as well.  I would recommend this book to anyone with a genuine fervor for history, but it is mainly an entertaining book, not a undisputable historical tome.
B000007O9L|5.0|Stripped is yet another live album by the Stones, but it is very different from their previous live efforts.  They play in an almost unplugged type setting, focusing on their acoustic based songs.  Also, their are alot of album cuts from the Let It Bleed to Exile On Main Street period like the masterful &quot;Dead Flowers&quot;, the great &quot;Shine A Light&quot; and the bluesy &quot;Love In Vain&quot;.  They do excellent takes on bigger hits such as the majestic &quot;Wild Horses&quot; and the beautiful &quot;Angie&quot;.  They dip way back into their catalog for cover versions of songs from their first couple of albums including &quot;Not Fade Away&quot; and &quot;The Spider &amp; The Fly&quot; as well as an early Jagger-Richards number, &quot;I'm Free&quot;.  They had never recorded a Bob Dylan song in their long history, but they finally do here and it is appropriately &quot;Like A Rolling Stone&quot;.  It is a spirited version of the song.  Stripped is a nice surprise from the band and a great listen.
B0000508U6|5.0|I can't believe I waited as long as I did to buy this cd!  It is amazing, and an instant favorite of mine.  The simple comlexity of the songs just blows me away.  In some ways I guess you could view the music as depressing, but it's not that way at all to me.  The beauty of songs like Parachutes and Shiver could never be depressing.  This is an awesome album, and I would recommend it to anyone who wants to be reminded that there is definitely more to music than what the current American pop market has to offer.
B000002UAO|5.0|Rubber Soul marked a turning point in the Beatles' career.  Tiring of their lovable moptop image and shifting away from the formalmatic music they felt they were making, they made over their sound and with the grim album cover, their image.  Rubber Soul is the first non-soundtrack album to feature all original compensations.  Lennon &amp; McCartney were expanding their horizons with such songs as the mocking &quot;Nowhere Man&quot;, the aggressive &quot;Run For Your Life&quot; and the cutting &quot;I'm Looking Through You&quot;.  They were no longer singing about puppy love, but looking at the bitter side of love.  &quot;Norwegian Wood&quot; is about an extra-marital affair and contains George Harrison playing a sitar.  &quot;Girl&quot; shows the Beatles still had a playful side by inserting the word tit into the backing vocals and &quot;Michelle&quot; is a love song in the traditional sense.  &quot;In My Life&quot; is one of the most poignant songs of all time and still brings tears to your eyes.  The Beatles broke alot of their stereotypes with Rubber Soul and showed that they could make music that wasn't made for the girls to scream to.
6305508550|3.0|It could be argued Mike Judge (of Beavis and Butthead fame) may have nothing new to offer since his toon characters have seemingly run out of comedic puff.  Unfortunately, anyone offering this argument in conversation could be well trumped by their opponent whipping out a copy of OFFICE SPACE and dropping it into the DVD player.<br />You see, this is a comedy for a moment, for a very short time in our history when lots of young educated folk where making some really good money doing ridiculously boring work and reporting to morons.  This movie captures that moment in all it's glorious dullness and then pulls it apart one side-splitting joke at a time.<br />The lens of the camera is wider than corporate computer jobs though.  Mr. Judge has captured the lifestyle of that time extremely well.  From the ever increasing abundance of TGI Fridays type restaurants, to the painstaking 45 minute, 3 mile commute.  This is a comedy that reeks of 1990's mainstream life.<br />In terms of quality; acting, direction, and photography are all average but are helped immensely by a sound-track that also captures the musical tastes of the late 90's.  Jennifer Aniston's role as a go-nowhere waitress is passable.  It is the  comedy that makes OFFICE SPACE a great pick.  Clever use (and destruction) of corporate icons combine with cartoon-like characterizations and splendid one-liners to satisfy the humor glands.
B00004Y6Q5|4.0|my only criticism of this truly original score is that it's paced like the movie, offering snippets rather than coherent pieces.  this is a shame for every sound here is worthy of attentive listening, worthy of extended listening.  instead, we are offered something more like snippets of sounds and movements that don't always hold up in the sequence.  certainly, this evokes the pace of the movie but something more majestic and lasting could have been done had these pieces been formulated as a singular whole, rather than a highlight of the movie.  a great score should stand on its own and there are obvious promises of such greatness here.<br />mansell's score is a combination of a neo-romantic chamber music (supplied by the kronos quartet) and hip-hop infused jams.  there are also echoes of industrial music in some riveting pieces.  the highlight has to be &quot;ghosts of things to come,&quot; a stirring piece, in which the combination of the strings and a simple keyboard riff swells amidst the crackle and pops of an old turntable.  <br />the winter sequence features the kronos quartet as disaster: rough syncopated staccato of familiar phrases.  it's as eerie as the images from the movie that inspired the change.<br />as mentioned before, the soundtrack is paced like the movie.  this leads to the most notable weakness of the piece: the two conga pieces.  it is out of place with the rest of the music.<br />my suggestion: take your favorite tracks and edit it into a singular whole, as if it were a genuine symphonic piece.  it would be interesting to compare what people pick and in which sequence.  i just wish that mansell and aronofsky would go back and do the same.
0800177177|3.0|Alright, going into this film, I thought like most people, I would be getting a huge scare from the giant of the B-Movies. However sadly, I was misled, this is an Erotic Thriller, with only a few visuals being remotly classified as frighting and others, well being &quot;erotic&quot; if you know what I mean. The make up and dressing where out standing, the feeling that was given was unspeakable. Casting was fairly good, I would never of expected Keanu Reeves to be in this type of film, but you know, you must give him his props for this. Winona Ryder played this role with a feeling that no other actress could match. <br />The film is really a 3 1/2, to bad it could not of been made better, with more of a plot. I would suggest it if you are looking for a Erotic Thriller, but if you are looking for a Horror, look else where.<br />Thanks for reading,<br />Have a Good one...<br />Ryan
B000002UAX|5.0|After turning the pop world upside with with \\"Revolver\\" and \\"Sgt. Pepper,\\" the Beatles took a trip for \\"spiritual cleansing\\" to India, returned, and wrote this masterpiece. Known as \\"The White Album,\\" this is, in my opinion, the most entertaining of the Beatles' work. The song construction and arrangements mimic almost every single style of music you could think of leading up to that time, the lyrics are either clever, funny, biting, sarcastic or just plain confusing, and the overall vibe is that of a politically-charged, thirsty-for-more group that, while it was on the verge of breaking up, still functioned well as a cohesive unit.<br />The album kicks off with \\"Back in the USSR,\\" a Beach-Boys-styled romp complete with the \\"oohs\\" and \\"aahs\\" you would expect from \\"Good Vibrations\\" (only without that annoying Theremin solo at the end...). From there it's on to the beautiful \\"Dear Prudence,\\" and the amusing \\"Glass Onion,\\" a Lennon song where he drops in lines like \\"Well here's another clue for you all/The Walrus was Paul\\" to further confound people trying to read too much into the Beatles' lyrics.<br />\\"Ob-La-Di, Ob-La-Da,\\" while some people find it annoying, is a reggae-inflected good time courtesy of Paul McCartney, who really showed off his musical chops on this album. His contributions fly all over the pop charts, from absurd (the extra-abbreviated \\"Honey Pie\\") to folk musings (the beautiful \\"Blackbird,\\" in my opinion one of the best songs on the first disc) to pre-heavy metal conception (the terminally-raucous \\"Helter Skelter\\").<br />Lennon's songs are more inwardly-oriented or just plain goofy, as in the case of \\"The Continuing Story of Bungalow Bill,\\" where, in a Brechtian moment, a happy children's chorus sings, \\"Hey Bungalow Bill/What did you kill?/What did you kill?\\" Another wacky contribution is \\"Rocky Raccoon,\\" where Lennon takes the story of Rocky, whose love has betrayed him, and turns it from cartoon ballad to someone we actually care about by the end.But Lennon's best two contributions are spread throughout the disc. The first, \\"Happiness is a Warm Gun\\" is a mini-suite. The song goes from melancholy power-ballad to bluesy riffing and finally to '50s-style doo-wop crooning. I have absolutely no clue what the song means, but I know this: it's definitely worth more than one listen. Lennon's other piece de resistance (and to my thinking his ballsiest move yet) is \\"Revolution 1.\\" Sharp socio-political commentary highlight the down-tempo version sprinkled with lines like \\"Say you want a revolution well you know/We all want to change the world.../But when you talk about destruction/Don't you know that you can count me out/You know it's gonna be/Alright.\\" No one but John Lennon could have gotten away with that.<br />Other highlights from this album include George Harrison's classic \\"While My Guitar Gently Weeps,\\" punctuated by a brilliant Eric Clapton solo, Lennon's lovely \\"Julia,\\" the string-laden \\"Martha My Dear\\" and the ballad \\"I'm So Tired.\\"<br />There are a few cast-aways here, though. \\"Revolution 9\\" is more reminiscent of the Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test than of Beatles-caliber work, Harrison's \\"Piggies\\" is simply George Orwell's \\"Animal Farm\\" in lyric form, and \\"Long Long Long,\\" while it is a good song, was recorded so quietly it's hard to make out with words.<br />In the end, this is less a concentrated group effort than Lennon and McCartney establishing themselves and the premier lyrical giants of the '60s, and the rest of the band supporting them. But if you ask me, that particular recipe yielded some seriously tasty results. This is one of several quintessential Beatles albums. Pick it up today.
B00004XQP4|4.0|A common trend in punk bands nowadays is that eventually, they all (or at least most of them) grow up at some time or another. Grow up, meaning that their sound is a little bit mellower, not as fast and hard as it was before, and the lyrics don't have that immature riff anymore. I'm not saying that &quot;grown-up&quot; band's music is bad, it just isn't what it was before. It is evident that this what has happened to Green Day. Their sound is really different, it's more poppy punk, rather than punk. You would be hard pressed to say that there weren't any good songs on this album though, because songs like Minority, and Blood, Sex, and Booze are really great. All of the songs on the album are really good though, but they just don't sound like the old Green Day that many of us know so well. You could say that &quot;Warning&quot; is Matchbox Twenty's greatest album ever. But to sum it all up, Green Day has grown up.
B00000IAU3|4.0|Eminem did us a lot of good by bringing this talented singer/songwriter to the forefront via a sample in his &quot;Stan&quot; single.  It hadn't been the first time I'd heard Dido, but it was the Eminem single that prompted me to get the No Angel album, and I'm glad I did.<br />Dido's unique vocal style -- self-conscious phrasing, semi-cool, at times recalling Suzanne Vega and at others Edie Brickell -- takes a lot of getting used to, but her melodies are full-force.  Just the mighty chorus to &quot;Don't Think of Me&quot; is deserving of applause, and it's to her credit that Dido somehow manages emotional expression with her fairly detached, whisper-light voice.  The dense wall-of-sound arrangements help, and though sometimes the album waxes a bit techno sounding, there's usually enough warmth and humanity in the sonics to make you want to keep listening.<br />Looks like Dido won't follow the footsteps of her Roman-myth namesake -- even if Eminem turned out to be her Aeneas, this Dido doesn't seem to need him for much longer; she sounds well over strong enough to excel on her own.
0671578278|5.0|This is a hugely entertaining read. Bujold has created vivid characters and placed them in extraordinary dilemmas. She whisks the story through several remarkably charged scenes, and doesn't let the reader relax.<br />A reader who is new to the Vorkosigan series (like I was), will probably be immensely frustrated at the huge amount of back story that surrounds the players. The crucial details are eventually explained, though, in some respects, the reader is left in the dark in ways that certain characters are, so, no, it doesn't make a good &quot;starting point.&quot; New readers may find themselves scratching their heads. Unfortunately, despite her apparently devoted fanbase, none of Bujold's ardent readers have seemed to built up an up-to-date web-site reference to Vorkosigan universe.<br />But the real point of the novel, despite its obvious fixture as a shifting point in an epic series, is the development of the characters. It is clear that Bujold gives great thought to the emotional drives of each person she writes about. This is the value of the story, and where it shines.
B0000027RL|5.0|After checking out the European bootlegs, I thought i would check out some of the studio albums. I got Binaural, and that was OK, but Ten is awesome.<br /> This album was aptly named - it's been out almost 10 years, and it has 10 (um, eleven) great songs, and, you can find a copy of it for $10. Vedder delivers some great vocals, even though he's inspired a number of bad singers. Pearl Jam was definately one of the underdogs of the grunge world, but I think that they could compare to some of the rock-n-roll greats like Aerosmith. Anyone that likes good rock music should own this album. From the opening track Once (where Vedder tries to cure his writer's block) to mega-hit Even Flow to the closing track Release, there's enough tracks to make you listen over and over. The best songs are Once, Even Flow, and Alive. This one ranks up there with, my favorite, Pretty Hate Machine (even though they're not in the same category) as one of the best albums ever made, in terms of the number of good songs it has. And the fact that you can listen to it over and over without getting sick of it.
B000056HOZ|5.0|I just saw both discs of the Anthology, and I am impressed!Disc 1 is the Anthology as we KNEW it. Dolby 5.1 mix or PCM Surround makes the viewing new again. Disc 2 is remarkable. From the familiar Human Touch and Better Days to the &quot;get up and dance&quot; Mdr. Inc. Dead Man Walking and Ghost of Tom Joad and then If I Should Fall Behind from the N.Y. MSG concerts.. bruce fans will get teary eyed.All in all,fabulous! MSG DVDS maybe this Spring----ENJOY
B00000J7S8|5.0|... First: piano skills.  Ever hear Jimmy Rowles, Roland Hanna, and Nat King Cole play the piano?  She's a first-class practitioner of this understated, hard-swinging piano style.  She's a well-trained musician who has worked hard to develop her fundamentals, chops, and interpretive skills--that's clear upon one listen.  When you can bounce and swing thru this many key changes and make it sound deft, light, and harmonically sweet, you've mastered your instrument.     Second: the voice.  Simple: she serves the song admirably, attentive to the integrity of the melody and doing justice to the emotional content of the lyrics with phrasing and subtle changes in timbre.  Hey, you may not like a female singer with whiskey-and-cigarettes sexiness in her delivery (check Julie London), but that doesn't mean she isn't GREAT at it.  Personally, the first time I heard &quot;Peel Me A Grape&quot;, it stopped me in my tracks--instrumentals and singing.   Third:  Russell Malone, guitar--utterly superb.  Christian McBride, bass--superb.  These are only two of the fantastic musicians who are carrying on the tradition of classic American jazz these days, and who can be found accompanying Diana in her small combos.  Get a solo album by any of her &quot;sidemen.&quot;  You will most definitely NOT be disappointed.   I think perhaps the best thing about Diana Krall is that she's going to be around for a long, long time, which gives people like my wife and I a long, long time to enjoy her musicianship, craftsmanship, and formidable talent.   Support artists like this with your buying power.  They're the real deal, and never disappoint.
B00003W8NM|4.0|The first half of this film is breathtaking in its pacing, cinematography and narrative style...while the second half isn't as good its still better than most &quot;oscar caliber&quot; films out there...generaly i strongly dislike movies with superficial twists but this one didn't seem to bother me...while not always completely intelligent it carries its message well...the ultimate in entertainment...deserves more credit than it got
B00004TJTQ|5.0|My roommate and I sat down to a rental copy of this movie. In her words &quot;if this doesn't move you, you must be a sociopath.&quot; I second that thought. This movie got to me, probably because I am an animal lover. We own 4 cats between us, and I hugged them tight after watching this movie. I grew up from the age of 11 with Great Danes, and this reminds me of the love and companionship that we receive from our pets. It also reminded me of the heartbreaking loss we feel when they pass away. Frankie Muniz, Kevin Bacon, Diane Lane, and Luke Wilson all gave great performances. Nice cinematography, good locations, great direction. I never saw this in a movie theater when it came out because I thought it was a &quot;kiddie&quot; film and not for me. Boy, was I wrong. A very sweet and touching film, especially for those of us that have had dogs in our lives at one time or another.
B00000DCHI|4.0|This collection of Joel's greatest hits spans over a decade of well-crafted, musical classics.  It's hard to fault any of the songs, as Joel has proven what a substantial and important songwriter he is.  I wonder at the exclusion of &quot;Honesty&quot; and &quot;Modern Woman,&quot; but all his other biggies are included for a good anthology of his best.<br />The two new tunes are worthwhile additions, as well.<br />The years may prove that Joel is our generation's Gershwin for his pure diversity and eloquence in describing musically human frailties and dilemmas.
B00004XONN|5.0|I have to admit that at first I did not like the songs I heard--I was expecting some of the old Radiohead.  I have completely turned around.  I am now addicted to the album.  I believe this album is true creative genius.  I takes a band that is not held back creativly to record an album this good.  If you are a Radiohead fan, I guarantee that you will like this album.
B00003CXIY|4.0|&quot;Road Trip&quot; is surprisingly good even though it closely parallels the movie &quot;Overnight Delivery&quot;, right down to the exploding vehicle.  The cast was very well chosen and is very believable as 4 college students a trip to stop an incriminating package from being delivered to a girlfriend.  Their antics and mishaps will have you rolling on the floor throughout the entire movie.  As much as I like Tom Green, the movie would move much quicker with his role easily eliminated, as it tends to drag through his scenes.  If you liked American Pie &amp; Clueless, you will love &quot;Road Trip&quot;.
B00003CX7L|5.0|Toy Story 2 is one of those unforgettable films that entertains all ages and exceeds all our expectations!  It's got it all - excitement, humor, and tons of fun!  It's also a great movie for little 3-year old kids, since it has practically no violence.  In another sense, it is also mature enough for an adults with plain-old humor!  Like I said, Toy Story 2's got it all.  If you haven't seen it yet, you are definitely missing out!
B00003CXIY|4.0|&quot;Road Trip&quot; is surprisingly good even though it closely parallels the movie &quot;Overnight Delivery&quot;, right down to the exploding vehicle.  The cast was very well chosen and is very believable as 4 college students a trip to stop an incriminating package from being delivered to a girlfriend.  Their antics and mishaps will have you rolling on the floor throughout the entire movie.  As much as I like Tom Green, the movie would move much quicker with his role easily eliminated, as it tends to drag through his scenes.  If you liked American Pie &amp; Clueless, you will love &quot;Road Trip&quot;.
B000002BUY|5.0|great cd. The best cd i own!  if i liked make yourself u'll love this one.  its smarter than fungus amoung us and harder than make yourself.  a perfect combination of funk and rock!  add this one to ur collection.
B0000508U6|4.0|Although this builds further on the sound of Jeff Buckley and Radiohead I still feel like Coldplay have come with something new with their debut &quot;Parachuts.&quot; With melodys like &quot;Don`t Panic&quot;(one of  twothousands best pop songs) , &quot;Yellow&quot; and &quot;Everything`s Not Lost&quot; it`s like they adds a good feeling, brittle, melancholy sound to named Radioheads music. Some of the tracks, for instance &quot;High Speed&quot;,  sounds like Stone Roses going acoustic. Combining Chris Martins wonderful voice with their gitar music Coldplay have made one of twothousands best debut albums, but still, too many of  the tracks on Parachuts tilts over to cynisme and banality.
B000002WYT|3.0|I REALLY wanted to like this album, but I just can't get into it.  Although I am a huge DMB fan, this album is just a disappointment.  This CD comes off as especially weak after listening to DMB's great &quot;Under The Table And Dreaming&quot; and &quot;Before These Crowded Streets&quot;.  However, there are a few good songs on this album.  I really like Too Much(one of my favorite DMB songs), So Much To Say, Crash Into Me, and Tripping Billies.  #41 is a pretty song, but Dave can do better.  Outside of these songs, this CD is just plain dull.  Two Step is horrible, I don't understand why so many people like this song.  Let You Down and Say Goodbye are just boring dragging songs.  Cry Freedom is decent, but I usually skip over it.  Drive In Drive Out and Lie In Our Graves are upbeat songs, but are just weak and poorly written.  Proudest Monkey(over 9 minutes long) is an ok song but after 1 or 2 listens, you won't want to hear it anymore.  After listening to this CD, it just sounded like DMB didn't try as hard as they have on their other albums and it really shows.  &quot;Under The Table And Dreaming&quot; and &quot;Before These Crowded Streets&quot; are two of the best albums of the 90's, but outside of a couple songs, &quot;Crash&quot; is rather forgetable.  I know many of you gave this CD 5 stars, and you probably disagree with my review, but Dave and his band can do MUCH better than this.  If you are just getting into DMB, skip this one and buy UTTAD and BTCS(their best album).  They are much better and show how much talent Dave and the guys really have.
B00004Y6RO|5.0|If you like heavy and intense music, this is for you!  I absolutely love this album!  In fact, I love this album so much, I started making a Slipknot website!  Very creative music...a mix of metal and rap.  Even if you don't like metal, give this one a try...you'll be hooked!  Now with the new album in the works, it's hard to believe that this album can be topped...and according to Slipknot, it will be better and heavier!
6305075379|4.0|i agree with the sentiment that an australian version is necessary.  that's why its down a notch from five.  that would be like dubbing lock stock and two smoking barrels.  anyway, onto the film...some may call it a standard action/revenge movie, but i would say it has some elements that elevate it from the norm.  its a very bizarre and disturbing film, which to me is a strong point.  most characters driven by revenge usually end up sad, they brood, then just set out for revenge.  But here max is truly broken, insane not in a wild sense but almost emotionless.  he has completely snapped and deserves the title of Mad Max.  and to those who haven't seen it SPOILERS AHEAD if you don't want to know...just had to throw it in there...the fact that only his child his killed, his wife is still in critical condition when he breaks off into revenge adds to it.  all the more unsettling that way.  you have to love DVDs for their tendency toward widescreen.  it adds to the experiance.  the image is crystal clear and if only they could throw on the original dialogue track...i'd have a definitave version.
B000001E18|4.0|contrary to what has been written above, zooropa is NOT one of U2's best. unlike the previous 8 LPs', zooropa lacks a lot of the emotional lyrics, yet if you are a true fan, you will enjoy this album. it is simply another strp in their musical journey.
0064407667|1.0|If you are looking for a series to steer your child to while waiting for the next Harry Potter to come out DO NOT SELECT this one. OR read it yourself first and see if this is what you want your child to read. It starts with 3 children becoming orphaned &amp; being sent to live with a less then desirable relative, which is a popular plot device in literature. Once you get past the extremely annoying &amp; condescending defining of large words (ever hear of context clues?) you discover that these children are abused &amp; forced to live in inhumane conditions. Klaus is struck, raising a bruise on his face that is evident for days When they seek help from Mr. Poe he is too busy to listen. Violet the 14 year old is compelled to marry the evil Count Olaf. If she does not her baby sister Sunny, bound and gagged will be dropped from a tower. The children in the story are real and likeable and your children could relate to them. Children like to be scared, not terrified. The reality aspect of this story could be terrifying to some. We teach children to go to adults when abuse happens &amp; the adults in this story do NOTHING.  Remember you are your child's first teacher. Are these the values you want to pass on to them?<br />May I suggest books by Patricia Wrede(Enchanted Forest Chronicles) Lloyd Alexander, Susan Cooper, The Chronicles of Naria by C.S. Lewis, Anne McCaffrey (For older Middle School)J.R.R.Tolkien, The Bailey Street School Series?
B0000524CY|4.0|I want to make clear that I love 'The Exorcist' it is a great film and is truly disturbing.  The only reason I gave this DVD 4 stars is because I was dissapointed in the directors commentary.<br />One real joy of many DVDs and Laserdiscs is that you can sit down and hear inside information on the making of a film.  How they did this, what difficulties they had shooting that, etc.  However, it is even better, usually, when you have a film with alternate versions because you can hear what was cut and what was added and why.  However, on the Exorcist: TVYNS Friedkin just sort of describes the film to you.  It is almost like he is describing what is happening for the vision impaired.  He goes into no description of what is different in the new version, how they did the spider-walk, or anything.  There were major points where I was really hoping for some insight on why a scene was expanded in the new edition, and he never even mentioned that the scened had been modified from the original version.<br />If you want a DVD copy of the Exorcist then this is a 5 star DVD.  The film is great and I have no problems with the presentation, but if you are into directors commentary tracks, be warned that this one is somewhat lacking.
0446677450|5.0|Ignore the complaints...the redundancy or the over-use of stories.  Someone has finally &quot;turned on the light&quot; for the common man regarding how to make money.  For those who have &quot;ears to hear&quot;, this book can change your life.
B000006OBQ|5.0|This CD is great. The orchestra is top-notch, the song selections are great representations of swinging music, and the singing is dead on, but my favorite element has to be Frank's Monologue in the middle. I had this playing at a party, and everyone commented on how they liked the music and the arrangements, but when Frank started waxing in the middle, everyone listened. It's amazing how so many things can become dated (parachute pants, Vanilla Ice, ALF), yet so few things stand the test of time (FRANK!!!). Get this CD, mix a Manhattan, and have a blast as you hang with Frank for a while.
B0000507R0|4.0|This is like hearing it for the first time! The sound is absolutely fabulous. I've heard things in this that I have never heard before in the CD. A must have for the true ELP Connoisseur. The only problem with the one I got was that I was unable to view the video play list or the photo gallery and lyrics. I don't know if I have a defective DVD or not, that is why I gave it only 4 stars.
0440219078|4.0|This was a very well written book that I would suggest to most people, except for people that don't like ending that leave things ambiguous.<br />The Giver is the story of a 12 year old boy named Jonas who is selected to be the Reciever by his comunity. The Reciever's job is to take in all of the memories good and bad that have been passed down for generations. The person that is to give Jonas these memories is called the Giver. Once Jonas starts recieving the memories and seeing what his community would be like if they had these memories he decides to give the memories to everyone. His plan is dangerous but it works out.                          <br />This is a well written story but it doesn't work out that everything is alright and when I read it I was not in the mood for bad endings.
B000002INR|5.0|As I sit here in grimy clothes at a library's public computer, I am deciding what dumpster I want to have lunch out of, Wendy's or McDonald's.<br />The year was 1989 and I was 18. I remember the day I bought this album like it was yesterday. All my buds had it within a week. What a songset! Angry, fast, rebellious, and loud. Everything that makes rock n roll so good. The music got to me. It possessed me, seriously it literally took over my mind! I started getting delusions that I didn't need parents, an education, or income. All I needed was 'Skid Row', my buds, and everything would work out fine. Now 12 years later, the times sure are different, Skid Row as a real band is non-existant, and I could use some spare change.<br />Sure on Thanksgiving I run into my old friends at the Salvation Army for a cold Turkey Dinner. We all sing 'Big Guns' and 'Sweet Little Sister' as we pray for seconds on the lumpy gravy with the skin. Last Christmas we sang 'Youth Gone Wild' under a bridge off US 41. We were burning rats for warmth.<br />Skid Row taken seriously will lead you to Skid Row, just ask me or my bros. When I see my old girlfriend drive by now and then in her Mercedes, I serenade her at a red light 'Woke up to the sound of pouring rain...........' She tosses me me a dollar and drives off like she doesn't remember me. We were quite a couple 12 years ago. She doesn't know what she's missing, she's forgotten Skid Row. She can have her Mercedes and her nice house. As long as I have my Skid Row, these old chicken bones and cardboard box bed will do me just fine.<br />Well the librarian is pushing me out, seems my odor is offensive to others. I washed in their sink, what else do the want? Viva Skid Row!!!!!!!!
1558908382|5.0|The art of dialogue is lost in most movies today.  Either a script is flat (quite often pathetic), or relies completely on traditional writing practices.  This movie restores my faith in American screenplays.  Everything about the movie is hip, inventive and entertaining.  The pristine writing is performed flawlessly, with an incredible mesh between all the players.  John Cusack's dialogue with Driver, Akroid and Joan Cusack is stunning.  Everything about the performance cries honesty.  I watch this movie again and again and every exchange continues to delight me.<br />Though the writing/performance is what makes this a personal top 10 movie, let me not belittle the rest of the film.  The darkly comic plot comes alive and flows very smoothly from scene to scene.  It is highly intelligent, and in no way 'dumbed down'. I've watched this movie a dozen times, and still I'm always in the mood to put it in the DVD player again.  If you want a smart and engaging movie, get it.
B0000399WI|5.0|I'm 18 years old, and beyond the usual sci-fi or  schwarzeneggarian action film, I don't like a movies that have  a meaning higher than pure adrenaline pumping fun, but this film film changed all that.  From the first creepy scene of the movie, to last scene on that sandy beach, I was totally immersed in the film.  Not only is the acting, location, and plot nearly perfect, but the movie also tells an uplifting story about a man who thrived in the darkest depths of Shawshank Prison.  This movie should serve as a model, for any prison drama -- or any drama for that matter-- to follow. This movie is one of the top five movies I have ever had the pleasure of viewing.
B000002JS6|5.0|AC/DC is BACK IN BLACK, baby! This album is kickin', and if you don't wanna get up and jam your ... off when you hear it, I don't know what's wrong with you! The guitar is killer, especially on my favorite tracks, Back In Black, You Shook Me All Night Long and Rock and Roll Ain't Noise Pollution! <br />This is their best yet, and they did it without the legendary Bon Scott.  Johnson has not dissappointed. Back In Black, and like Hell too.
0027164403|5.0|My son loved this book from the start -- loves it so much, that I typically back it my &quot;church pack&quot; to keep him quietly entertained during church.  My 7 year old neice and 4 year old nephew also love the book, they love to read it to him and make the animal sounds as they are revealed.  A MUST HAVE book for your toddler!
B0000524CY|4.0|Okay, this film deserves 5 stars. It is, after all, still the most shockingly frightening film EVER.  That's saying a lot considering there are hundreds of horror films out there.  This one still gives me the chills.  But, the DVD (although digitally restored to perfection) has been released before. Of course, there are new scenes--yes, yes, yes, the famous &quot;spider-walk&quot; scene is fantastic (and chilling)--and the DVD still holds the director's commentary. It totally missed the Documentary which came with the first DVD release.   It's a disappointment, not a big one, but one that would have made this DVD the absolute copy to own.  I'm afraid the director's commentary isn't enough to keep me satisfied, but this is still worthy of your money . . . and a place in your collection.
0812580346|5.0|This is only the second novel of Sawyer's that I've read, but it was the best book I've read in about 3 years.  I haven't been this mesmerized by a book since I read Reaper by Ben Mezrich.  I usually only read for about an hour a day, but I read this book in 3 days(and I'm sort of a slow reader).  I was hooked and didn't want to put it down.  The premise was fascinating.  I've always liked time travel stories and although this wasn't time travel per se, it was still excellent.  The only part I didn't like was the next to the last two chapters where the main character(Simcoe) went through another Flashforward.  Excellent book, I highly recommend.
B00003CXN4|5.0|At last a film that isn't afraid of admitting that the war on drugs is a complete failure.  Nothing was more stunning that the Michael Douglas scene where--as the potential drug czar during a White House tele-conference--pretty much tells the nation that the only people we're really fighting against is our own family.   This is stunning, of course, but Steven Soderbergh is a filmmaker that has the guts to portray this fact. From the frontlines in Mexico, the projects of urban America, the houses of wealthy youths, and finally the cops and dealers, we see ALL viewpoints.  This is overall great filmmaking and great story-telling, not to mention stellar acting from Mister and Missus Douglas, Don Cheadle, and especially--and it's about time we all recognize him--Benicio Del Toro. Bravo! This is a MUST HAVE for your DVD collection.
B000002518|4.0|A terrific soundtrack featuring such excellent musicians as Roger McGuinn, Jim Keltner, Booker T, and Bruce Langhorn, guitarist on some of Dylan's most famous mid-60s work. <br />With its mix of acoustic guitars, bongos, cellos, flutes, and tambourine, &quot;Pat Garrett&quot; sounds like nothing else I've heard.<br />The four different versions of &quot;Billy&quot; are all quite different -- one is instrumental, and the other three are done with varying lyrics, instrumentation and tempos.<br />And finally, &quot;River Theme&quot; and &quot;Final Theme&quot; are two of the prettiest songs I know of.
B000002LRX|5.0|Quite simply the most amazing rock album ever...this is the &quot;Kind of Blue&quot; of hard rock. It's something you rediscover each time you hear it. This is challenging, heady stuff - the ultimate mind trip.
B00003CX5P|3.0|The movie would've been superb if they had gotten a better Anikan and thrown out Jar-Jar. It was a mistake picking Jake Lloyd and I don't know what was going on in their heads when they did. He spoke in monotone and had no expression on his face at all throughout the movie and when he tired, it looked really chessy. And Jar-Jar was just as bad or worse. He is another alien creature to add comedy to the movie. I laughed but at how stupid it was. I remember the original movies were so funny with the driods and Chewbacca and the Ewoks were cute but suprissingly this was a let down. But besides those two actors the movie was great. The effects were ammazing and the lightsaber fights thrilling!
B00003CX8I|5.0|This movie just isn't about good vs. evil. It is also about people or &quot;mutants.&quot; The plot works on many levels. Also very suprising to me it was actually pretty funny. However you have to be an X-men fan to get some of the jokes.{I.E - Yellow Spandex)
B00004Y9PP|5.0|I avoided seeing this movie for quite a while because the scenes I saw made it look like just another horror thriller, which generally don't appeal to me. Upon renting this disc, I was immediately pleasantly surprised by the opening scenes, which are among the most tense and exciting scenes I've seen in years. Listening to the commentary tracks (there are two separate commentary tracks), the director talks about trying to keep things easy to follow for the audience, which was difficult. While the resulting film is fairly self-explanatory, you will likely want to see it a second or even a third time to fully understand exactly what is going on. And listening to the commentary afterward is almost a requirement, since it fleshes out the film's intentions and meanings.<br /> DVD quality is great. The movie itelf is fascinating and much more rich and complex than I thought it would be. They used a special film-bleaching procedure for the daytime planet shots, which works exceedingly well for creating an alien look. The occasional glimpses of a huge nearby planet with dual rings are a wonder to behold. The alien beings are well-rendered, and while they may evoke memories of the creatures in the Alien films, these are wholly original creations. The scenes where they are overwhelmed by vast numbers of creatures are well-done and clear.<br />I've never heard of any of these actors before, but I expect we will hear from them again, as they all deliver top-notch performances. A lot of work went into making this, by the director, actors, and crewmembers, and it shows. This is more of a sci-fi movie than a horror movie, which to me at least was a good thing. If you like sci-fi, this has all the makings to be a classic.
6304708521|3.0|Most of you probably know the general details of the plot and the circumstances of this made-for-TV movie by the Beatles, so I'll stick to a review of the DVD itself. The b/w newsreels (Beatles opening their Apple Boutique, Beatles at Rishikesh) are interesting, some promos for the other Beatles-related films are OK, but I was not prepared for the really dismal quality of the film itself. A colorful (psychedelic, at that) film is now flat and washed out, the print itself speckled and grainy. This film cries out for restoration! An enjoyable film for Beatles fans (great proto-music videos), but if you have the VHS version, you don't need to spring for the DVD until a new edition (hopefully) gets released.
0563362499|5.0|Cooking is something I have always wanted to know how to do better, but could never find an appropriate resource to show me the way. I bought this massive book in a London bookshop, and have been using it frequently ever since. While some of the terminology uses &quot;British&quot; english as opposed to &quot;American&quot;, which may have some of us running to the grocer to find out just exactly what that strange vegetable she is referring to is, the book is overwhelmingly useful and informative. Like the title says, it is a complete cookery course, and you learn more about the uses and methods of the various utensils and cookware than in any other cookbook I have seen. Granted, if you buy all of it, you need a bigger kitchen than I have just to store the pots and pans. Regardless, it's a fun as well as informative read, with practically everything you can imagine ever wanting to cook between its pages.
B00004U30D|5.0|The primary reason I viewed this film was because I absolutely had to see the film that beat out The Green Mile for the Academy Award.  I was pleasantly surprised by this movie, and found it extremely enjoyable.  (But, I admit that I still think Green Mile should have won.)  Do NOT view this movie if you are easily offended or do not have an extremely open mind.  Watch it, then think a little about your own life--you may see more similarities than you want to.<br />Definitely an unexpected journey and look into the outwardly &quot;normal and average&quot; suburban family.  As usual, the teenage daughter is convinced she's the only one in the world who doesn't get along with Mom and Dad.  Dad is overlooked, and takes the mid-life crisis to a new level.  I really sympathized with Lester, but the movie made it uniquely possible to see life from all the characters' points of view.  The cinematography and visual effects are stunning.  You'll laugh out loud, shed a few tears, and walk away thinking that your life ain't so bad.
B00004YYDI|5.0|I loved the American version of The Professional. I loved Natalie Portman, Jean Reno, Danny Aiello, Gary Oldman. I loved Eric Serra's music. Although the film is dark - a murdered family, a lonely hit man, an orphaned girl, a criminal cop- the emotions are real. Natalie Portman makes the movie authentic; she makes it real. It is a rare film and I must have watched it about a dozen times. Imagine my surprise when I found that there was a version with an additional 24 minutes.    To be honest, I'm glad the American version cut out those scenes. It made it a more innocent film and is a compliment to the decency of American sensibilities. However the 24 minutes are great in their own way. They add depth to the plot and greatly enhance the pathos. It's a dark masterpiece where everything came together perfectly.
0140177396|5.0|Book Review  How does the common man look at mentally disabled people?  In reading Steinbeck's Of Mice and Men one could find out.  Steinbeck wrote about two men traveling around California working on farms.  The couple is a dynamic one.  Lennie is a gigantic man that has the brain power of a small child.  George is a small man that looks after Lennie and tries to protect him.  \\"We kinda look after each other.\\"  Said George.  \\"He ain't bright.  Hell of a good worker, though.  Hell of a nice fella, but he ain't bright.  I've knew him for a long time(p.34).\\"  This book does a great job showing how society doesn't understand the needs of mentally disabled people. I also believe that it shows that every man can have a role in society.  This book is a must read.  Almost everyone has come into contact with a mentally disabled person once in his or her life.  Or, if not a mentally disabled person, a person that is just a little slow.  One of the many great things about this book is that everyone can relate to it.  The social significance is immense and I believe people enjoy reading meaningful books.  Another thing I enjoyed about this book was George and Lennie's lingo.  \\"I... ain't gonna say nothin'.  jus' gonna stan' there(p.6).\\"  Steinbeck was born and raised in California and many of his books take place there.   Like Of Mice and Men, Steinbeck wrote other books about men that work on farms, such as Tortilla Flat and The Grapes of Wrath.    George and Lennie find jobs on a farm in the Californian countryside.  Lennie loves to pet things and that obsession always gets the couple into trouble.  Lennie is a handful for George and is pain for everyone around the farm.  A horrific crime is committed by Lennie.  The men on the farm could not and did not want to deal with Lennie and his behaviors.  \\"He ain't cuckoo, said George, he's just dumb as hell, but he ain't a crazy(p.39).   Even thought Lennie's brain does not function at a high level he could still help others.  There is a man on the farm named Crooks, Crooks is an african american that has a bad back.  Crooks is mean and shields everyone away, but Lennie opens him up and brightens his day.  \\"I did'n't care much, said Crooks.  \\"Lennie's is a nice fella(p.82).  Even thought Lennie is slow he still can befriend a person.  People read to broaden here knowledge and understanding of the world.  What this book taught me is that mentally disabled people have different needs than those of us that do not have an impaired brain. And that society needs to help them find a role in the community and in society because every man or woman has a purpose.  If you want a great book to read Of Mice and Men should be at the top of your list.
0790735431|4.0|Prior to filming the 1989 Memphis Belle movie the actors meet with the original B-17 crew members i.e. Pilot Bob Morgan.  I think that it was the WWII veterans desire to see their history re-told on film. Not the case for this film.  While this version captures some of the &quot;spirit&quot; of the 8th Air Force in WWII it should not be considered a historical account of the 25th mission flown by the &quot;Memphis Belle&quot; of the 91st Bomb Group.<br />Overall I thought the acting was good, it was well filmed and provokes the viewers emotions.  I have spent hour inside of the &quot;D CUP&quot; B-17F and its always nice to see it and several other B-17's on film together. Some of the historical problems are: The script for this 1989 movie is not close to the actual 25th mission flown in 1943, P-51's were not escorting the &quot;Big Friends&quot; during this period of the air war.<br />   If your looking for a great &quot;historical / fictional&quot; account of the 8th Air Force during WWII I would suggest the 1948 movie 12 O' Clock High starring Gregory Peck, Hugh Marlowe and Dean Jagger. A number of WWII 8th Air Force veterans are partial to this movie as &quot;getting it right.&quot;
0792107683|2.0|Ran this movie after seeing it on all the &quot;best westerns&quot; lists, and expecting a High Noon or at least a Rooster Cogburn.  But by the middle of this maudlin insipid mushy semi tear jerker, well, zzzzzzzzzzzzzz.  To state the obvious, Jack Palance flashes a little of his great charisma in a minor role (Palance as Shane might have saved this), Heflin is adequate and able to carry his part, Ladd might be a minor character actor today, and the boy and the wife--better left unsaid. The story is your typical simpleton good guys-bad guys routine without significant imbellishment and almost totally devoid of inspiration, dialogue that would make a kindergarden seem intellectual, and those fist fights could use a little more practice boys.  The picture quality and and cinematogoraphy--kept getting the idea this was one of the first films ever made; a soundtrack reminding of fingernails on a blackboard,  and still uncertain as to the mountains being real or fake.  In the way of redeeming qaulities, one can understand that people who respond to certain aspects of movie making would rate this highly.  There is a comforting quality of consistence through the picture, and it is in all its extremely simple ways a story where good, suprise, does triump over evil in the end, though maybe this could have used a little Hannibal Lecter for spice.
B00003CXE7|1.0|How about this: General Maximus has just concluded the last significant campaign the Roman Empire will fight for a long while, succesfully. His men adore him, and so does the Roman populace. He is a hero, and at least out there in the field he should be untouchable. On the eve of his victory, Emperor Marcus Aurelius, out to supervise the campaign in Germany himself, is murdered by his own son (for obvious reasons), and Maximus notices that. Instead of launching an investigation, he, the victorious general, at the orders of the emperor's son, is abducted by the very soliders who adore him, for an attempt to assasinate him. He escapes, and travels back to Italy to protect his wife and children from the new Emperor's wolves. He finds them crucified (after a journey thru lands that do not exist anywhere between Germany and Italy) at his own estate. Now, no soldiers have been waiting to intercept him there (which would have been the obvious thing to do) and he feels free to collapse from despair and faints (or takes a nap). A slave trader who happens to pass by picks him up right there while he is still in coma, and without interference from the authorities, abducts him to Africa. Note that this happens in central Italy, right in the heartland of the Roman Empire (for Christ's sake!)<br />Does any of this strike you as odd? <br />The plot goes on in this manner. Some people have critized the historical inaccuracy of this film, and that may be as it will. But the plot in its own inherent (il)logic is already so bad that worrying about historical facts is vain. The plot is so bad that despite spectacular fights and CGI-type reconstructions of old Rome, I was tempted to switch off. This film is a disgrace, and an insult. How stupid do you think your audience is, Mr. Ridley? With a gigantic Hollywood budget at hand, you had a chance to resurrect old Rome in all its glory, and offer a satisfying and plausible story along with it. You have completely wasted that chance. <br />For those still considering watching it, here is my recommendation: do so at your own peril, and only if all you care about is action and - admittedly - breathtaking reconstructions of the eternal city. Otherwise you will end up one upset ticket-buyer.
6301095294|2.0|dont get me wrong I love the beatles but the movie was aliitle bit strange for my taste. plus the songs weret very good. the only songs I like were i am the walrus and the tile tune.the movie is best view a a cursoity.if you want a intro the the beatles movies rent yellow submarine or hard days night.
B000003TB6|3.0|I consider myself a Roots fan and this is the album which really turned me on to them.  It's very smooth and jazzy and funky -- the sound may remind you of Digable Planets, but fuller since along with the rappers Black Thought and Malik B the Roots feature a bassist, drummer, keyboardist and Rahzel (who is like the guy in the Police Academy movies who makes sounds with his mouth, except Rahzel is 30 times better and would probably be offended that I'd even make the comparison).  My main complaint is the inconsistency of the album.  In my opinion five songs are completely awesome, and the rest of the album is just okay.  (FYI the five songs are Proceed, Distortion to Static, Mellow My Man, Swept Away and You Ain't Fly, with a rare and entertaining verse from the drummer Questlove.)<br />The album is still a good introduction to the Roots.  Of the later albums, Illadelph Halflife is solid but not as funky or accessible as DYWM, and Things Fall Apart and Roots Come Alive are both consistently great in my opinion.  Do You Want More?!!!??! is available pretty cheaply, though, if you want to take a random stab at the Roots.
B00004T37H|5.0|This is one of the &quot;big movies&quot; of Anime.  If you have Akira, Vampire Hunter D, Lupin 3, My Neighbor Totoro, or any other of the essentials of an anime collection this will look great next to them.  Now if we only had a subtitled version.....
6305750750|4.0|Why did Lucas make the movie?  Qui-Gon himself says that the trade dispute was trivial, hardly worth a Jedi's time.<br />Many reviewers said that this movie had no plot, as if nothing happened.  Yet, this may be the point Lucas is driving at.<br />It only looked trivial.  But all of the events necessary to overthrow the Republic took place, and nobody even noticed!  <br />It took only a careful and daring exploitation of the weaknesses of the Republic to set in motion its destruction.<br />To me the movie is wonderfully entertaining, focused, and subtle in its rendering of an evil man's rise to power.<br />So subtle that I think many missed it.  As happens in real life.
B00004TDRD|5.0|Before I begin let me tell you that I am referring to the original (preferably widescreen) version of this movie.  Let me explain why:First off, it totally changes the original sound of the movie.  It has new special effect sounds and other stuff, but at some points you can't even hear what the character says.  It shouldn've given you a choice between the old and new.  Next, all the delted scenes and outtakes are not shown.  Then, they CUT DOWN the 2 hour documentary.  What?  Because they were TOO LAZY to put it on two discs.  (Same goes with VHS).  The 20th anniversary laserdisc included it all.<br />Anyway, the movie is great.  I think it's Spielberg at his best.  Do yourslef a favor and buy the 1995 widescreen edition.  You'll be glad you did.
0525945636|3.0|I enjoyed this book. I read and own every one of Ken Follett's books. I especially liked the hero. I do question why two Harvard classmates of his would turn Soviet spy, however; more detail of how that occurred would have helped the credibility of this tale. And I also wonder whether the launch of the Explorer I--if it had failed--truly would have stymied the space program. I have a feeling we Americans would have tried again, without delay.
0684853523|4.0|I really enjoyed this book.  I thought that it was informative, funny and interesting.  More memoir than writing book, but the writing tips are to the point and don't waste any space!  I especially like that the author invites you to submit a writing sample in a format he directs.
B000002WYT|5.0|The second studio album from the Dave Matthews Band, entitled &quot;Crash&quot; is outstanding.  As shown in their previous studio album &quot;Under The Table and Dreaming&quot;, the Dave Matthews Band creates a sound that is unique from all other bands and catches the ear of any listener with a sence for good music.  Dave Matthews, Carter Beauford, Stefan Lessard, Boyd Tinsley, Leroi Moore, and guest electric guitarist Tim Reynolds have put together 12 outstanding songs that demonstrate amazing musical talent.  &quot;So Much To Say&quot; is upbeat and discusses we are innocent and quiet until we reach a certain age, and then we become older and we begin to talk a lot, not necessarily in a literal sense. &quot;Two Step&quot; is also upbeat and begins with an amazing into and an amazing chorus which preaches the words &quot;Celebrate we will because life is short, but sweet for certain.&quot;  &quot;Crash Into Me&quot; is probably the most popular song on this album.  It is a love song the sound of the Dave Matthews Band with Dave's incredible gift of song writing.  Song number 4, &quot;Too Much&quot; is the one of the most popular live songs on this album due to its blend of talent of the amazing musicians in this band.  Next, &quot;#41&quot;, titled as so because of it was the 41st song written by Dave Matthews and describes his strugle with money in his early life. &quot;Say Goodbye&quot; compares very well with &quot;Crash Into Me&quot; and is another outstanding love song.  &quot;Drive in, Drive Out&quot; also draws comparisons to a previous song, &quot;Too Much.&quot;  &quot;Let You Down&quot; is a mellow tune that includes Dave appologizing for sins. &quot;Lie in our Graves&quot; is an upbeat song that is about having no regrets.  &quot;Cry Freedom&quot; is a slower tune than &quot;Lie in our Graves&quot;, but attempts to show the state of our country socialy.  Then, &quot;Tripping Billies&quot;, my personal favorite song on this album, is very upbeat and is one of the most popular live songs along with &quot;Too Much&quot; amd &quot;Lie in our Graves.&quot;  Lastly, &quot;Proudest Monkey&quot; is a twelve minute song that shows that individual talent of each band member.  &quot;Crash&quot; by the Dave Matthews Band is a must have for any music fan.
079284632X|4.0|On the eve of her 17th birthday, Mari Collingwood (Sandra Cassel) and her more streetwise friend Phyllis Stone (Lucy Grantham) hit a seedy NYC neighborhood to score some grass and attend a concert. Things go awry when sadistic prison escapees Krug Stillo (David A. Hess) and Fred \\"Weasel\\" Padovsky (Fred Lincoln) along with Krug's junkie son Junior (Marc Sheffler) and their tough bisexual girlfriend Sadie (Jeramie Rain) kidnap the two, leaving Mari's parents baffled by her disappearance as they were planning her a surprise birthday party. While the police reassure them that \\"lots of kids stay out all night,\\" the murderous bunch - and I'll leave out graphic details for those not yet initiated - rape, torture, humiliate, and finally murder the two helpless girls. But the thugs soon have their own run of bad luck as they turn up at Mari's parent's house seeking shelter, and as soon as the worried parents find out what happened to their daughter - and by whom - they hand out some discipline of their own.<br />Shot in Westport Connecticut in the fall of 1971 (a lot of it in producer Sean S. Cunningham's mother's house and yard) this grisly little item with the working title Night of Vengeance pulls no punches and never gives the terrified viewer a break. This is a true horror film that you won't laugh off as the end credits roll, and writer/director Wes Craven himself is still startled by it even though he achieved his goal to make a movie that would scare the hell out of people. Many different cuts of this movie have been circulated due to the fact that irate theater managers and projectionists to name a few excised anything they found objectionable, and as a result Craven and Cunningham were hard pressed to come across a version that was virgin territory. Craven claimed that at the time he wasn't aware that legalities could force his hand when it came to the final cut, so the 1972 theatrical release and subsequent VHS release lost some footage. For the DVD release thirtyyears later, the film has been assembled in its complete form for the first time ever on home video.<br />MGM certainly went all out to please the fans here. The DVD is at last presented uncut and in a new 1.78:1 anamorphic widescreen (fullscreen on the other side) transfer which looks surprising good for a movie shot on 16 mm. We get a fair to poor 1.0 mono soundtrack as the sound on this movie wasn't recorded all that well. For those who can't make out some of the dialogue, theres also English, French, and Spanish subtitles and English Closed Captions. There's an entertaining and often amusing audio commentary by Wes Craven and Sean S. Cunningham, who seem to genuinely enjoy reliving the experience and poking fun at themselves. A definite high-point of the supplements is the featurette It's Only A Movie: The Making of the Last House on the Left, which features new interviews with Wes Craven, Sean S. Cunningham, Steve Miner, along with cast members David A. Hess, Fred Lincoln, Marc Sheffler, Martin Kove and Lucy Grantham. Like the commentary there's lots of information here, and a few amusing moments like when Fred Lincoln razzes David A. Hess for daring to say \\"[pee]your pants\\" to a girl. There's also the option of starting the movie with an introduction by Wes Craven, where he nervously informs us we're about to see the uncut version of the film, and how removing small children and pets from the room would be in our best interest. The theatrical trailer is included, and a silent ten minute montage of outtakes and dailies which includes the never used disembowelment scene, save for a few seconds in the final cut. Last but not least there's a short featurette titled Forbidden Footage, where cast and crew discuss the filming of some of the more violent scenes. A great package for the fans of this cult classic, and do send the kids to bed and the in-laws home first. And remember: To avoid fainting, keep repeating It's only a movie, only a movie, only a movie...
0399128964|3.0|As stated in most of the reviews, Dune is a must read for sci-fi fans.  I don't want to comment on the story as much as the publisher of this specific book.  I purchased a hardcover because I can usually count on a higher quality printing.  However, I was discouraged by this book's lack of quality.  There were many misspelled words and the printing of letters was incomplete, leaving the bottom portion of a letter but not the top.  Overall, I would recommend purchasing Dune, but not from this publisher.
B00004Y50N|1.0|In a world of great technological improvements, this movie is proof that the horror/suspense movie genre is actually DEVOLVING.  How did we get from Hitchcock to Final Destination?  Poorly scripted, poorly acted -- the list goes on and on.  The opening plane sequence is well-staged, but from there this movie spirals out of control, piling implausibility upon implausibility.  One of the worst movies I've ever seen, in any genre -- this movie is a waste of 90 minutes of your life.
B000002WYT|5.0|The second studio album from the Dave Matthews Band, entitled &quot;Crash&quot; is outstanding. As shown in their previous studio album &quot;Under The Table and Dreaming&quot;, the Dave Matthews Band creates a sound that is unique from all other bands and catches the ear of any listener with a sence for good music. Dave Matthews, Carter Beauford, Stefan Lessard, Boyd Tinsley, Leroi Moore, and guest electric guitarist Tim Reynolds have put together 12 outstanding songs that demonstrate amazing musical talent. &quot;So Much To Say&quot; is upbeat and discusses we are innocent and quiet until we reach a certain age, and then we become older and we begin to talk a lot, not necessarily in a literal sense. &quot;Two Step&quot; is also upbeat and begins with an amazing into and an amazing chorus which preaches the words &quot;Celebrate we will because life is short, but sweet for certain.&quot; &quot;Crash Into Me&quot; is probably the most popular song on this album. It is a love song the sound of the Dave Matthews Band with Dave's incredible gift of song writing. Song number 4, &quot;Too Much&quot; is the one of the most popular live songs on this album due to its blend of talent of the amazing musicians in this band. Next, &quot;#41&quot;, titled as so because of it was the 41st song written by Dave Matthews and describes his strugle with money in his early life. &quot;Say Goodbye&quot; compares very well with &quot;Crash Into Me&quot; and is another outstanding love song. &quot;Drive in, Drive Out&quot; also draws comparisons to a previous song, &quot;Too Much.&quot; &quot;Let You Down&quot; is a mellow tune that includes Dave appologizing for sins. &quot;Lie in our Graves&quot; is an upbeat song that is about having no regrets. &quot;Cry Freedom&quot; is a slower tune than &quot;Lie in our Graves&quot;, but attempts to show the state of our country socialy. Then, &quot;Tripping Billies&quot;, my personal favorite song on this album, is very upbeat and is one of the most popular live songs along with &quot;Too Much&quot; amd &quot;Lie in our Graves.&quot; Lastly, &quot;Proudest Monkey&quot; is a twelve minute song that shows that individual talent of each band member. &quot;Crash&quot; by the Dave Matthews Band is a must have for any music fan.
6305137293|4.0|Picking up immediately where \\"Halloween\\" ended, Laurie Strode (Jamie Lee Curtis) is taken to the local clinic for her injuries while Dr. Sam Loomis (Donald Pleasance) urges the police to \\"assume Michael Myers is still alive\\" and keep looking for him. Good idea. But while they look in all the wrong places, Michael follows his terrified quarry to the clinic and starts performing unauthorized surgery on the staff. By the time Loomis discovers where Michael is - and why he's there - it's a race against time as Laurie is being pursued by the most dangerous man alive.<br />Rick Rosenthal directs this handsome and polished sequel at a pace that keeps \\"more of the night he came home\\" moving along. But in the wake of the first two \\"Friday the 13th\\" films that were released after \\"Halloween\\", audiences expectations had changed. Behind Rosenthal's back (and certainly against his better judgment) John Carpenter re-shot some scenes with more graphic violence. There is some merit to Rosenthal's claim that Carpenter \\"ruined\\" his film; all the gory close-ups really aren't necessary, and it certainly hasn't helped the film's reputation. Nonetheless, there's still plenty of scares and suspense to keep you on the edge of your seat, as well as logic loopholes that the film wouldn't be possible without. TV versions offer a variety of deleted scenes, mostly of hospital staff chit-chat as well as shots of Michael Myers roaming the corridors and some alternate scenes, such as the attack on the marshal or the ending where a very much alive Jimmy is reunited with Laurie. One deleted scene worth mentioning shows the hospital emergency generator kick in as the lights go out. This answers the often asked question \\"Why did the hospital suddenly get so dark\\"? <br />Donald Pleasance gives a great hammy performance as the obsessed doctor, and Jamie Lee Curtis can still scream - although until the last half hour or so she's mostly in a hospital bed. I think this is the best sequel; the other ones lack the coherency and style here until Curtis returned in 1998 for the gripping \\"Halloween H20\\". This Universal DVD release only has the theatrical trailer; Rick Rosenthal was too busy shooting \\"Halloween: Resurrection\\" to do the promised commentary and the inclusion of the deleted scenes were scrapped at the last minute, despite active fan petitions.
B00004X01U|5.0|Whilst Music is not as introspective or deep as Ray of Light, it represents another phase in the magnificent career of the queen of pop. If Ray of Light was a soul-searching, reflective album resulting from the birth of Lourdes, Music could be seen as a result of Madonna's rediscovery of love in the form of hubbie Guy Ritchie. What a result it turns out to be. Whilst not as consistently good as Ray of Light, which was only let down by the lacklustre 'Little Star' and 'Candy perfume girl', it has some sublime high points which make up for its flaws. <br />The move to Mirwais and away from Orbit is a good one, the Orbit produced tracks generally fail to match up to the Mirwais ones. Whilst Europe is familiar with the amazing one-hit-wonder French acts, who produce sounds that are quite unique and quite brilliant, this marks the first time that a major artist has made use of them and produced some quality tracks. Daft Punk, Modjo, Stardust and Cassius have all given us just one track that got people grooving, Madonna has taken it a step further.  The standout tracks are:<br />1. Music - Very Daft Punk-esque. Ali G on the video - fab.<br />2. Impressive instant - About that moment when you see someone across a crowded dance floor, you know you want them and no one else matters. The song provides a 'moment' itself, a moment of pop ecstasy. If only all songs could be this good! This song alone is woth the price of the whole album.<br />3. Runaway lover - The best Orbit produced track on the alubum. Very trancey.<br />4. Don't tell me - Should win the Grammy for 'Best pop song featuring a banjo' :)<br />5. Gone - No one else seems to like this, but I think that this guitar led, Travis-esque track is one of my favourites.<br />This record will most likely be the benchmark for pop artist to aspire to, that is, until the next Madonna album.
B00000JZC4|3.0|Well i bought Title Of Record for the good single&quot;The Best Things&quot;which is a pretty cool song!And all thought i have to admit,i hate the song&quot;Take A Picture&quot;which was almost played to death on the radio and tv!Their are some pretty nice songs here besides those 2 singles like tracks 1,2,3 and especially track 7 which is a cool mellow out song!But over all,it's a nice album to own for any modern rock fan!Just not the best album,but nice!
B000056C6L|5.0|The sometimes maligned first part of the Radio Gnome Invisible Trilogy, `Flying Teapot', from 1973, is the perfect (and suitably so) introduction to Gong (formed in 1969 by Daevid Allen and his wife Gilli Smyth, performing and recording in one iteration or another (or another, etc.) throughout the seventies until this very day): a mythology involving the the denizens of the Planet Gong, Pothead Pixies, who travel about in Flying Teapots spreading joy throughout the universe (or something along those lines) with Octave Doctors who impart wisdom to the initiated through the use of The Crystal Machine...all presented in a mind blowing array of sounds and tone colors that will leave you mesmerized and lyrics that will leave you humming for...well, a long time.<br />Absolutlely a blast of an album. The limited reissue sound is incredible (the best that I have heard in CD format), and the packaging is worth the price of admission, reproducing the original gatefold album liner notes and artwork by Daevid Allen.<br />Psychedelia. Fusion. Space Music. Goofiness. Don't succumb to sticker shock. Do yourself a favor and buy this CD while it is available! Enjoy!!!!!!!!!!!! Thanks.
B00004Z459|5.0|THIS IS THE BEST GROUP!  You should soon see this group rising to the top of the charts with papercuts and one step closer.  this CD is the best mix of everything it is has no swears at all.
6304479689|4.0|This is one of my favorite movies. Nothing compares to Elvis on stage. No annoying interviews, no scripts just Elvis doing what he did best, Singing live. Looking forward to a possible re-release in 2002.
0385493622|4.0|Ever since I fell in love with math and received a degree in this field, I never could find a good proof to convience my family and friends why mathematicians do what they do.  Then I came across this book.  It takes you through the history of math and gradually shows the beauty of math and many stories behind each developmental stage of math.  It introduces Fermat's Last Theorem in a flawless way, and it isn't as technical as I pictured it would be.  I highly recommend this book to anyone who has any or some fear toward math.  It would give you some insight to the mathematical world.
0553328255|4.0|I give it a 4 star only because there is an occasional clunker story in here. Overall most of the stories are 5 stars if taken individually. ACD, along with a few other contemporaries, influenced an entire genre of authors. <br />The plots are ingenious. The early-middle period is the best plotted/written of the series. The Adventures... are perfect in nearly every way. Nothing can reproduce the excitement of waiting for &quot;The Speckled Band&quot; in the night with Holmes and Watson, of wondering what it means that the dog did not bark in the nighttime, and trying to decode the dancing men. I was first introduced to Holmes and Watson via the Hound when I was in 4th grade, and have never looked back. It literally opened up a new world to me.<br />In addition to the wonderful plots, the relationship between Holmes and Watson makes interesting reading. Beneath the gruff exterior, Holmes has much affection and even admiration for Watson. May we all have a relationship as close and endearing in our lifetimes. <br />The game is afoot!
0679721037|5.0|Hiroshima, a city in Japan was bombed by the United States in 1945 killing about 100,000 people and leaving many lives and homes damaged. The author of this book John Hersey wrote this book on the bombing of Hiroshima and six people who survived this horrible event. These six people are Miss Toshinki Sasaki, Dr. Masakazu Fujii, Mrs. Hatsuyo Nakamura, Wilhelm Kleinsorge, Dr. Terufumi Sasaki, and the Mr. Kiyoshi Tanimoto. These people had to endure much pain by the loss of many people they knew and the destruction of their city. I really liked the book; it had a big impact on me by realizing that these things can happen and did. Some of the quotes that the people have said were bone chilling about the sounds they heard and the people yelling for help and struggling to survive. The United States was wrong for dropping the bomb because it killed many residents of Hiroshima. If a bomb was drooped on your city, what would you do? In this book it tells you what those six people did and what they did to survive and help others. If a bomb hit my city or town i dont know what I will do or have the courage some of the people did. I dont no if I could survive the terror it will bring. The book probably brought back memories to those six people which were probably sick and sad. The book was great and will be one of my favorites. This book will have a long lasting impact on me and would probably have an impact on you too.
B00004Y87O|2.0|This is one of my all-time favorite movies, but I was terribly disappointed with the DVD.  There are simply NO extra features (the trailer doesn't count, guys).  The DVD was billed as having a commentary with Russell and Carpenter when I ordered it (although I can't recall whether it was Amazon or another movie site which made that misrepresentation).  I understand that even the laserdisc version had a commentary!  Come on, can't you just TRANSFER the old commentary to the DVD?!!?  The commentary with Russell and Carpenter on THE THING is great, so I'm sure I'm really missing a treat by not hearing their commentary on this film.  Also, I understand from an interview I saw with Carpenter (on the VHS version of ESCAPE) that there's a whole opening scene which was cut from the final release, which shows Snake robbing the Federal Reserve Depository and escaping on a bullet train.  Now wouldn't that footage make a nice extra feature?<br />Frankly, in retrospect, we should probably all just boycott this movie.  Think about it... first, the original ESCAPE comes out, and it's AWESOME.  Then, twenty years later, I buy a VHS &quot;Special Edition&quot; which claims to have &quot;unseen footage.&quot;  That footage turns out to be about 5 seconds of Snake in the deleted opening scene, inserted as part of a long, fairly boring interview with Carpenter plugging &quot;IN THE MOUTH OF MADNESS.&quot;  Next, ESCAPE FROM LA comes out, which film I won't even dignify by trashing.  Then finally, we get a DVD with NO features, not even a remastered soundtrack!  The more I write the madder I get!<br />I realize I'm reiterating a lot of what the previous reviewer said, but I waited a LONG time for this to come out on DVD (some of you may remember that it was to be issued almost a year and half ago... I pre-ordered it then only to have the release delayed).  Maybe the plan is to issue a &quot;special edition&quot; with the extra features, and I'd probably buy it, but I'd sure feel like I'd been shafted!
B000002H70|5.0|&quot;Disintegration&quot; is a classic, pulling The Cure all the way through the threshold they opened with &quot;Head on the Door.&quot; The tinny, punky &quot;Killing an Arab&quot; years give way to ominous drama.  The atmosphere of the songs is very...watery.  The first track sounds like the sun breaking through rainclouds on a September afternoon. &quot;The Same Deep Water as You&quot; reminds me that in Robert Smith's world, The sun doesn't stand a chance.   The mix of angst and anger is good.  For every slam-bam rock song (&quot;Fascination Street,&quot; &quot;Disintegration&quot;), There's a suicide soundtrack (&quot;The Same Deep Water as You,&quot; &quot;Homesick&quot;).  As somber as the music and vocals are, the drums are still good and ...(bold).  You can hear the early rumblings of what became darkwave.   &quot;Disintegration&quot; marks The Cure's &quot;second sound&quot; the way &quot;Seventeen Seconds&quot; marked their initial one.  The songs are loooong; they figured they could do what they wanted since they were planning to call it a day. &quot;Bloodflowers&quot; is a revisitation of &quot;Disintegration,&quot; and I dig 'em both.
0140284087|5.0|I am not a native English speaker, so my vocabulary consists of what I learned in school (a long time ago), what I hear on movies/TV, and what I read. Books and films most often these days come from America, of course, so that is the version of English that I speak (albeit with an accent). Reading P.G. Wodehouse, this or any other book, shows that the English language is not confined to the transatlantic variant; it can be so much richer! Add to that the wonderful, sarcastic sense of humour the man had and you end up with a truly sensational reading experience. Of course, you do need to know a bit of the society of which he writes. It makes me wonder what youths in e.g. the U.S. today would think if they read this book.<br />I am still looking forward to many hours of delightful reading, as I have only read a few books yet. My own introduction to Bertie, Jeeves, and the others in fact came from the excellent British TV series starring Hugh Laurie (as Bertie) and Stephen Fry (as Jeeves). If you get the chance to see it, do so.
B00000DGSN|5.0|Upon listening to this album, my respect for Deep Purple more than tripled. Where once I was satisfied with merely owning &quot;Machine Head,&quot; now I find myself searching out all of the band's releases; such is the power of this album.<br />What more can be said than that this is a masterpiece? Every member is in top form, from Gillian to Paice to Blackmore. Some have expressed irritation at Ritchie's very extended solos, but I don't think I will ever tire of hearing him play; the man was far ahead of his time. Gillian's vocals are incredible, during not only his much-lauded exchange with Blackmore during &quot;Strange Kind of Woman,&quot; but also throughout &quot;Child in Time&quot; and &quot;Lazy.&quot; It must be said that the highlight of this great achievement comes at its very end, however, during the awe-inspiring climax of &quot;Space Trucking.&quot;<br />Including the second disc of encores, &quot;Made in Japan&quot; clocks in at over an hour &amp; a half long; it seems to last scantly more than a handful of minutes, and one is compelled to hit &quot;play&quot; again the instant that &quot;Lucille&quot; has concluded.
6303394000|5.0|i came across this film by accident.  in a biography of Stanley Kubrick he expressed high regard for Fosse's films, so i checked it out.  OUTSTANDING!  &quot;All That Jazz&quot; is everything good filmmaking should be.  besides being brilliantly allegorical, it's a fascinating view of just how hard dancers work.  considering the junk in movie theaters now, this film illustrates what a loss we suffered with Bob Fosse's (and Stanley Kubrick's) death.
B000005H40|5.0|This was my first Coltrane recording, and in my opinion one of his best.  This is great blues, and great bebop, done in the hard, acerbic style that Coltrane is known for playing.  The group as a whole sounds great, and the other players are very good, but Coltrane is of course the main attraction.  His solos are just fantastic.  The tunes he wrote are classics.  Get this CD!
B00004Z459|5.0|when i heard this on the radio i like the beets immediately,but i was skeptical about buying this cd but I am definately glad i did. the whole cd is easibly listenable.a music fan must have this one.even my hard core country friends love it.it kicks. that's all i have to say.if your'e reading this buy it now.
6305132984|5.0|The best dvd purchase I've made so far. Wonderful story, wonderful songs, wonderful cast! I first saw this movie when I was 12 yrs. old. I stil enjoy watching it 19 yrs. later. If you're looking for fun, excitement,love and tragedy - BUY THIS MOVIE!!  Also worth checking out &quot;Songs of the West Side Story&quot; on compact disc.  All 4 One, Selena, Brian Setzer, Wynonna Judd, Aretha Franklin, Sheila E., and Patti LaBelle are just a few who contributed their talents. Paul Rodriguez along with Salt N Peppa, Def Jef, Lisa &quot;Left Eye&quot; Lopes and The Jerky Boys performing Officer Krupke makes this album well worth the purchase price!
B00004Z459|5.0|I got this CD for ... at ... (nedless to say it was the last copy on the shelf) and I have not regretted it at all. My favorite song on the CD RIGHT NOW is probably By Myself, but I listen to this CD so much that I laways have a new favorite. I love Cure For The Itch...sometimes I just put it on repeat..it is so aweosme I can't explain why I like it so much. Another one of my favorites is In The End because I can relate. He is basically singing about giving so much in a relationship then hardly getting anything back..I can totally relate. I bought this CD having heard One Step Closer ONCE and only halfway through. I love it and it is a must own!!
B00000K2SC|2.0|Sorry pardon my use of profanity. Okay first of Matrix is NOT all that great. It is not original, the fighting scenes are overrated, and the characters sucked.<br />My points:<br />Originality: Like I said Not Original, the writers ripped it off of some Japanese anime like Ghost in the Shell. Some of the parts are cliched like the part where Trinity tells Neo that its &quot;Impossible&quot; then pulls it off, and the part where Neo meets the Oracle and it is expected that Neo meets someone very mystical and stuff but he meets a seemingly normal person but isn't that type of irony somewhat cliched?<br />Fighting Scenes: I hate it when I hear my friends say how innovative the fight scenes were. First of all: Fights like that has been done LONG before the Matrix got on the drawing board and they were done better. Martial Arts movies like &quot;The Iron Monkey&quot;, &quot;Fong Sai Yok&quot;, and the Wong Fei Houng Movies done it YEARS before Matrix.<br />Characters: First of all, its Keauna Reeves. Second no depth (but I guess that will have to be excused because this is an Action/Sci-Fi flick if I wanted depth I would have picked &quot;Dances with Wolves&quot;:)) Neo could have been a cooler character like Ash from the &quot;Evil Dead&quot; movies but instead he spends most of his time being stupid (now that was a bias statement on my part sorry).<br />Graphics: Hmmm.......Great Graphics nothing to complain about here.<br />Movie Overall: I guess I WOULD have liked it better if everybody didn't make such a big deal out of it.<br />*sigh* oh well thats just my opinion on this movie everyone's tastes are different.
1556154844|5.0|The things described in this book are very valuable. Goes in depth in writing actual code (using some code guidelines) to performance tuning, testing and debugging without specific focus to one programming language. This is one of the books that is required reading for people who whan to write code.
B00003CXAA|5.0|this is a masterpiece, as we all know. but i am just curious that why there is not any vcd or dvd version of this famous film available, and just only VHS tape. i don't like tapes. they are easily subject to wear and tear. and most movies today have their dvd verisons, including many rubbish movies. i don't know why. i really want to have a dvd version of this film. just waiting for its release.......
6305907145|2.0|The makers of this film modernized most of the charm out of Jane Austen's Mansfield Park, and thus made a film that is not as enjoyable as it should be.  There is a dark edge to it that is not part of Austen's work.<br />Another problem I had was that the villain/useless rake did not seem very rakish.  The heroine, Fanny Price, is a penniless, poor relation of a wealthy family.  He can have no ulterior motives in pursuing her.  She has no money or family connections.  When she turns him down, due to her love for a cousin, this rake follows her to her family home where he sees the poverty and coarse living conditions of her family, and still he ardently seeks her hand in marriage.  I thought that showed he had quite a lot of character.  Meanwhile, the Edmund, the cousin Fanny wants, is busy pursuing a suitable match.  Since I have not read this Austen book, I really hoped that Fanny would come to see that the man she thought was shallow really was not, while the man she admired was the shallow one.<br />It seems that the producer had her own agendas going here.  Introducing the slavery issue is out of place, and the hints at lesbianism certainly don't come from Austen's pen.<br />The biggest problem with here is the total lack of the clever, witty dialog one expects of an Austen movie, and the lack of humor.<br />Still, it wasn't all bad.  The costumes were lovely.  The sets were interesting, though I'm not sure why they chose to show the interior of Mansfield Park as such a rustic place.  That seems inaccurate.  The movie kept my interest for one viewing, but it's not something I'd ever want to watch again.<br />I'd like to see a more faithful adaptation of the book, but this is still a movie worth seeing one time.
B000021XS0|3.0|I guess I'm not a *real* DT fan as this album doesn't do much for me.  Too over the top.  The production on this album is top notch, and the production on the previous album wasn't as good, but the music was more accessible.  Awake is my favorite, which says a lot, I guess.  <br />Most people who review are diehard fans that gush over any utterance by their favorite band, so you'll get at least one review that doesn't :).
079284632X|1.0|&quot;Supposedly&quot; based on a true incident, &quot;Last House on the Left&quot; has an intruiging concept, but the film falls flat on it's face with poor filmaking and too many tasteless and gross scenes. Even it's great payback ending couldn't save this sickening clunker. I wasn't surprised when I found out this was Wes Craven's first movie. I think they should do a remake and toss this one in the trash.
6303367518|2.0|&quot;The River Wild&quot; is an uninvolved, confused drama that intertwines a violent legend of a river with two know-it-all's who believe that they can walk on water. The basic script of &quot;The River Wild&quot; has extra additions that are pointless to the movie. The father of the group initially takes a rain check to the supposedly peaceful vacation, claiming that his work was more significant at the time. What this does is add family problems to their vacation, which will make a negative difference further on in the movie. As their journey begins, they greet their deaf relatives and observe ancient markings, making this a &quot;Discovery Channel&quot; sort of motion picture. Minutes prior to push off, they meet three friends, who are also planning to row their boat gently down the stream merrily. For no reason, the family has to become best friends with the three men and then proceed to monitor their every move. Out of the blue, the family suspects foul play since one of the three men is not with them anymore. Because of this, they put together a simple, &quot;never gonna work&quot; plan for leaving the two civilians behind and it turns out that they are a little hostile. Looking for a way to punish them, they decide to force the family to take a boat down the fabled river, &quot;The Gauntlet&quot;, which no one gets through safely. The father is able to run off temporarily, along with his dog, trying to request a help signal to an aircraft that obviously doesn't exist. As mentioned before, the father not wanting to attend this trip makes it that much more cheesy: two murderers' hold an unattractive, bickering family hostage so that they can go down a river. The ending isn't very believable, and how nice it is to see such a happy ending with the family back together. All of the actors were chosen poorly, and it was impossible to like any of them through &quot;The River Wild&quot;'s status as a family that has to deal with psychological problems and life threatening problems at the same time.
0140177396|5.0|I read this book as a choice in literature class. Reading usually isn't my thing but this book caught my eye. I enjoyed watching the movie Simon Burch and the plot seemed to me as if the movie was based on the book Of Mice and Men. Although Simon Burch is based on the book A Prayer for Owen Meany, the significance of this book ties in with Of Mice and Men. This book is based on an everlasting friendship between George and Lennie. George is a short man and somewhat smart. Lennie was a tall and muscular man; but seems younger because of his retardation. They were two men with a dream looking for work. George keeps his eye on Lennie all the time, sort of like a father figure. Every time they get in trouble they run from it, trying to look for more work. However, one day Lennie gets them into a circumstance George can't get them out of. George has to decide what to do.
B000002BQK|5.0|I truly believe &quot;Butterfly&quot;  to be Mariah Carey's best album yet!  Here's the reason:  It came right after her tumultuous break-up with former husband Tommy Matolla (President of Sony Entertainment).  Mariah continues the formula that has made her famous, which is slinky R&amp;B combined with lush ballads, yet on this album, the tracks are more introspective and sultry.  Mariah's vocals are in peak style, and the songs &quot;Honey,&quot;  &quot;Butterfly,&quot;  &quot;The Roof,&quot;  &quot;Close My Eyes,&quot;  and her cover of Prince's &quot;The Beautiful Ones&quot;  cannot be missed!
B00000BKE1|2.0|I cant imagine how anyone could think Janick Gers is maiden quaility. I find his guitar sound irritating and flashy. What a waste. Otherwise maidens remaining members are hangin in there.
B000055WIQ|5.0|When I first saw this film a couple of years back, I had trouble sleeping that night. Had I of seen it in this form with this new footage, I wouldn't of slept for months! Even though there is only 11 minutes of footage, it is the quality that counts. The first new sequence is Regan's first visit to the doctor, which shows several tests being done on her and Regan acting as if she was in a daze. Another really scary scene is right before the spiderwalk scene, when Regan's mom walks into the front door and the lights are going on and off, the white demon face flashes on the stove, and there is also an image of the demon statue on the wall. The spiderwalk was really cool too. There are a few more scenes in the film, but I don't want to spoil anything. If you liked the original version of the Exorcist, you must have this version!!
B00000BKDZ|4.0|Early maiden purists may not enjoy this album as this was their turning point from all out metal to a progressive sound. This album stands apart from all others before and after, and some may see it as their peak of storytelling genius. An awesome album nonetheless.
B00004U9MS|5.0|I have to say that this CD is one of the best I've bought in a long time.  I had only heard &quot;Yellow&quot; before buying it and thought to myself, &quot;there is no way that any song on that disc can be better than 'Yellow'.&quot;  Well my music loving friend, the entire CD kicks BUTT!!!  It rules in every way conceivable.  The individual that gave this album only 2 stars needs to reexamine his or her idea of good, original music.  This album is melodious and touching, rocking at times, soothing and comforting at others.  The lyrics are like none I've heard before.  The singer's voice is all his own, no &quot;sound-a-likes&quot; here!  I think I'm in love with the lead singer...
B00000JZIK|5.0|This movie was an awesome look at what film needs to get back to.  The film has quick smart dialogue.  Good cinematography and a ending that few others can match.  My favorite movie is Fight Club, but I will definitely put Usual Suspects at a close second.  It was superb.  Way of the Gun is also an awesome Mcquarrie film
B00004SPYJ|4.0|Franco Zeferelli's 1968 version of Romeo and Juliet is probably considered the classic in comparison to the other versions, such as Baz Luhrmann's modernized version starring Leonardo DiCaprio and Claire Danes.  Zeferelli brought the most famous love story to life, and he did a fairly good job doing so. The most significant thing about Zeferelli's version is the fact that he used such young actors to portray Romeo and Juliet, which gives the film a more realistic touch to Shakespeare's original play because he created them as young characters to match the time he lived in.    I personally love the original story of Romeo and Juliet, as most people do. The story has something for everyone.  It has romance, action, drama, and even a little comedy, mostly provided by the character Mercutio.  Zeferelli made his film set in the original time period and used the original language which made it a little difficult to understand, and it was at some points kind of boring.  It is hard for people who aren't really into older movies to actually get into the film want to keep watching.  This would be where Luhrmann's version comes into play.  The comparison of the two is a very controversial topic.  I personally think they are both great films and I think it depends on the type of viewer to determine which is better.  If you are into more modern films, the you'd probably like the modern version, and vice versa. <br /> I think the drama of the story was excellently played out with the use of close-ups, zooming, and even just the basic camera work at the perfect points throughout the film.  The scene when Romeo and Juliet first meet is a good example fo this.  You can tell the characters are feeling such a strong attraction for each other, even though they have not spoken a word, and it is all in the camera work. The music also fits perfectly into the puzzle by contributing to the display of emotions. The soundtrack includes some pieces that are played several times, but are  altered to fit the scene and match the moods of the characters.  In a way, these two elements help you to feel the love, anger, hatred, and other emotions that the characters are feeling.     The actors gave a splendid performance throughout, including the very young Leonard Whiting and Olivia Hussey, who plated Romeo and Juliet.  Personally, I feel they did as well if not better that Leonardo DiCaprio and Claire Danes in the 1996 version who are considerably older.  They had a connection between themselves from the moment the characters met that truly lived up the story of Romeo and Juliet.     Overall I liked the film, but would prefer to watch the 1996 version.  It's not that Zeferelli did a bad job, but the modern version captures my attention more than the older one.
630441403X|1.0|It's called character development, Mr. Figgis.  If you can take a few mins to show Nicolas Cage was a film industry exec who's lost his family, then surely you can take 2 mins to explain why Elisabeth Shue is a hooker with perfect grammar and huge bookshelves in her apt.  Female characters aren't just sympathy and sex machines that exist only to listen to the male characters whine throughout the movie.  Why can't we give less than 1 star on amazon.com?
0140177396|4.0|John Steinbeck really outdid himself this time.  Of Mice and Men was a fantastic novel.  It really gets the point of true friendship across to the reader.  At first, I really didn't think that I would enjoy the story.  It started out with them just talking back and forth.  There were a few humorous sections.  But because of the conflicts and pressures that the characters faced, such as Lenny getting in trouble, the novel really started to grow on me.  George and Lenny are migrant farmers that have a dream.  Their dream was to own a farm.  On the way to their place of business on another farm, comical things happen.  I thought that it was amusing how George always yells at Lenny for doing stupid things, like carry around the dead mouse in his coat pocket.  Yet George, even though he gets mad at Lenny, couldn't go on in life without him.   I also feel sorry for Lenny because of his slow mind.  He loves everything in the world, especially nature.  But even though he cares for them, his victims would still get harmed unintentionally.  I can relate to Lenny and his actions because I'm sometimes too rough with precious things, but because of these feelings of love that Lenny showed, conflicts came up which caused George to make a difficult decision.  A decision that really affects his life.  Situations may arise that might put friendships in danger, but sometimes the outcome is for the best.  For the rest of the people in the world, read this book.  If you care, and have a love for a strong friendship, I'm sure you will enjoy this novel.
B000000W6F|5.0|This is classic Pumpkins before Billy Corgan got a swelled head.  You won't find radio friendly tunes like &quot;Today&quot; or &quot;1979&quot; on Gish; this is more grungy and free-form.  Too bad they broke up, they will be missed.
B00004XQP4|3.0|well its sad to say but Green Day has gone pretty much to the Pop side of music...... yes Minority is a great song and probably the best on the album but its pretty much the only song alike, on the album.  Castaway which i think should of made its round on the &quot;Castaway&quot; movie soundtrack, isnt far behind, and Warning is a good one too.... but the rest is just blah. could be better and a lot Punkier.!
6305165912|1.0|When I try to think of the worst films I've ever watched, a lot of titles could crowd my mind: Stigmata, Godzilla, Lost in Space, Forrest Gump, the last four Jerry Bruckheimer movies, and so on. But movies like these are bad simply beacuse they are forgettably bad. The Big Lebowski is always there in my mind because it is unforgettably bad. <br />Pointlessly set during the Gulf War (the war never features in it after this) the story is about a Lebowski (Jeff Bridges) who is mistaken for another guy called Lebowski whose daughter has been kidnapped. Bridges gets Goodman involved, and various supposedly colourful characters drift by, until the mystery basically solves itself, with no involvement from the protagonists. Sam Elliot appears at the conclusion to spout some bewildering nonsense that's meant to tack an explanation onto the end. Deep.<br />Some movies are plotless and entertaining: this one is plotless and pointless. I guess John Goodman plays a hilarious character because he keeps saying things like 'They peed on your f***ing rug man' and 'Shut the f*** up Donny' (the film's killer line - we know this because it's repeated endlessly). And this is part of the problem: the characters are so self-consciously 'quirky' and off-the-wall that none of them work. It's just the Coens realising what their target market is like and deciding to go into overkill. Even amid all this wilful, random eccentricity they can't find any originality. For example: the main character is an ex-hippy still living in the 60s, and what do they decide to call him? The Dude.<br />If you find pointless vulgarity and violence entertaining (at one point Goodman chews a guy's ear off and spits it in the air - always a good scene to have in a comedy) then this is your movie. But for me, this movie fails a simple test: a comedy should be funny at least once.<br />Empire magazine (whose contributions to film criticism have included such surveys as 'Toilets in the Movies' and 'Masturbation in theMovies') concluded their review of this film with the statement: 'In a perfect world all movies would be made by the Coen brothers'. Good taste on all three counts there.
B00004Z459|5.0|My boyfriend lent me his copy of his new Linkin Park cd saying I had to listen to it.  I have just recently gotten into the harder rock music &amp; I wasn't sure at first if I was going to like it.  But my boyfriend said that Linkin Park was an awesome group &amp; if I liked some of the other music he had let me listen to, I absolutely HAD to listen to LP.  I listened to his CD once and was hooked.  He got me my own cd and I just love the music.  I have told all my friends about it &amp; even some of my friends who don't even like much rock think Linkin Park is awesome.  My fav song is 'In The End' because I think it's got some really powerful meanings behind it &amp; I love how they throw in something unusual, like the piano, in their songs.  I would say that even the most skeptical people should at least listen to a couple of Linkin Park's songs before they write them off as 'just another rock band.'  :)  So, quit sitting there reading this review &amp; check out a song or two!  It's totally worth the time &amp; effort, &amp; if you buy the cd?  It's worth the money!  Hope this was helpful.  Don't just take my word for, check it out yourself.  :)
B00000J6AG|3.0|i have mixed feelings about moby's play album. most songs were one extreme or the other, love it, hate it, with only machete being in the middle.  most notable in my opinion are honey, why does my heart feel so bad, run on, porcelian, down slow, and if things were perfect.  all the above were in the first half of the cd.  i started out liking the second half of the cd, but after the 2nd or 3rd slow song, it started to bore me and put me to sleep.  most of it sounds like typical ambient new age music that can be found anywhere (i've heard very similar slow music by deep forest).  i tend to skip over the more commercially popular songs such as body rock, south side, and natural blues since they're pretty worn already.  overall, i'll probably use this cd to rip and make mixes with other songs i like, but i don't enjoy enough of it for it to be a regular in my cd player.
B00000IL1K|5.0|This is one of the finest albums I own. Her voice comfortably reaches the altissimo octave and blends well with the background music. In my opinion &quot;Il Mio Cuore Va&quot; {Italian version of 'titanic'} was WONDERFUL, I think it sounds better in Italian, with this Orchestration and Sarah singing to it, so MOVE OVER CELINE!<br />Great album!
B000009QPQ|5.0|I wasn't sure what to think when I first heard this. I had heard the song &quot;Blue&quot; before, loved it, and figured the rest of it couldn't be that bad. Now the rest of the songs on the album have found a place in the favorite songs part of my brain. Mostly melancholy, the songs take the sad spirit of country and folk music and weave it into songs that are ragged and rootsy but have a cutting edge that keep the music from sinking in the muck of sentimentality. Buy it. Listen to it. Again and again.
B000002H6C|3.0|I dunno why, but at first I really didn't get this. There was something missing, perhaps due to lack of Cliff Burton, the bass master who died on tour after the release of the Master Of Puppets album. This album seemed a bit more controlled, a bit less thrashy, and without the work of Burton which we were graced with on previous albums. And as if to rub salt in the wound, the sound quality isn't as good as it is on the others (which don't have great production as it is). Even albums done a decade before this have got better sound quality!<br />As far as epics go, Master Of Puppets, The Four Horsemen and Ride The Lightning are better than Justice For All. As far a quieter songs go, One is great but I always prefered Fade To Black and Sanitarium. As far as pacy thrashers go, Battery, Whiplash, Fight Fire With Fire, Damage Inc., Creeping Death or Metal Militia are instant classics whereas on this album none of the songs of this style grabbed my attention as much. There are a few good songs, but even Justice For All (song) gets boring after a while (good intro though). The only song I ever bother to listen through all the way is One.<br />But now I get it. I still don't think it is as good as Ride The Lightning, as raw as Kill 'Em All or as amazingly epic as Master Of Puppets, but it does deserve a place in your collection if you're a Metallica fan. If you're new Metallica, get any of the other 3, although my personal favourite is Master Of Puppets. And if you're not a big Metallica fan, then you probably won't be interested in this.
0446672653|4.0|Dr. Weiss has done it again. In &quot;Many Lives, Many Masters&quot; he shares his introduction to reincarnation with us. In &quot;Only Love Is Real&quot; he takes this a step further to show how we must complete any unfinished business with relationships from our past. It's fascinating to find one person regressed to a specific lifetime. To find two that share the same memories from different perspectives is incredible. And the fact that their current lifes do in some way mirror the old, just proves the karma or cause and effect theory.  This is a great book for people looking for insights into their own relationships which probably also have ties to the past as well as those looking for a soulmate. Another book I recommend to those looking for soulmate material is the novel, &quot;The Destiny of Miro&quot; which has at its core, a soulmate relationship that spans two lifetimes.
B00000099Y|5.0|To start off, Aenima is one of the greatest records ever produced from a band who is so talented that it's unbelieavable.  What make's Tool so extraordinary and and unique is their originality and Maynard's increadible voice.  What makes this album the best is it blends all of these qualities and takes it to the maximum.  The songs have very deep meaning and style.  Each song is unique because you don't know if your hearing two songs instead of one.  Aenima is just the best thing ever to get introduced into music, and you should definitely but this album
B00000I07Q|5.0|After the awesome success of Slippery When Wet, the band had to be intimidated by thought of following that album up. But if they were, they don't show it as this album blisters. These guys aren't your let your hair grow to your ass musicians who can't really play and just got where they were because of the way they looked. These guys can play. Bad Medicine, Lay Your Hands On Me, &amp; Living In Sin are killer tunes and Richie Sambora is underated as a guitarists. They right terrific lyrics and add fantastic instrument playing to make truly awesome and unforgettable songs. No Bon JOvi collection should be without this one.
B00004Z459|3.0|though my first thoughts about these guys were that they were limp bizkit wannabes, they're actually more than that. they put good ideas together, like 2 vocals, but it still has to be thought out. no offense, but the dj barely does anything. most of my ideas are with reservoir dog.
B00000I07P|5.0|In my opinion, this is Bon Jovi's best Cd. They have some rockers in Let It Rock &amp; You Give Love A Bad Name plus a slew of other songs that just make you wanna put on your torn up jeans and crank up the stereo. this is one of the albums me and friends used to crank all the time (I finally got the CD cause I wore out 3 tapes). My favorite song is Wanted Dead Or Alive. As the song plays it continues to gain momentum and build with sense of power that gives me chills to this day. This may be the best song they have ever written (although it's too hard to choose just one). If you like Bon Jovi and don't have this Cd, get it. It's probably their best.
0812589041|5.0|How could anyone not like Ender's Game? I'm a 13 yr old girl and I must have read Ender's Game and its sequels (the best is Ender's Shadow) at least 20 times. Not kidding. How could anyone not like the characters- children who have had to grow up way before childhood was over, or had even begun, the description of the battleroom, emotions, and tribulations that 6 year olds had to accomplish? Everyone I have recommended this book to has loved it. I cherish this book along with all my other favorite novels.
B000001FOS|4.0|Yngwie is a god. Nothing more and nothing less can or needs be said. His deityhood is not in doubt on this cd, which has some of his heaviest riffing to date, including the phenomenal Faster than the Speed of Light. Brilliant guitar work, good drum work and keyboard work by his band mates, and a crisp sound overall make this a magnificent album to have. The lack of a fifth start lies in the travesty that is the song Heaven Tonight, and the near travesty that is Dreaming. Joe lynn Turner has his moments on this cd, as he did with Rainbow,but his strength lies as a pop vocalist, not a metal vocalist. Heaven Tonight is a light popish offering that turns Malmsteen from the blitzkrieg-style dragon-slayer on Trilogy's cover into a panderer of soft mush. Not only should it never have been put on cd, but Turner should be beaten for this song appearing under Yngwie's flag. Dreaming isnt quite as pop-sounding, though damn close. It does, however, have some decent form, and so would not be rated worse than 2 stars. Heaven Tonight on the other hand would get negative stars if it were possible. Otherwise this might have been Yngwie's finest album to date. The plus the Turner added, was that the lyrics are not quite as bland and repetitive as they were on Trilogy and Marching Out, the only negative against those two albums. Hopefully Yngwie can keep the superior lyrical ability of turner, and ditch the pop-heresy. Here's to the continued reign of the Arpeggio king!
B00000J7JO|5.0|This CD is one of rhcp best work ever. Compared to bssm this CD is probably better. And with guitarist John Frustiante and producer Rick Rubin back, it was an instant classic.<br />This CD has everything. From classic rhcp style to softer tracks.<br />The best song on this album is the title track or otherside.<br />Destined to become greatest rock band ever!
079283321X|5.0|i want to know how an excellent movie like this gave birth to 4 sequels that dont even attempt a serious plot. even though i like all of them except 5, they dont compare with this.
0380713802|4.0|When Bryson was young, he toured Europe.  A generation later, he went back for another look, and this is what he saw.<br />Enough has been written about this book that my goal here is to help the prospective reader sort it out.  Yes, it's true, Bryson's got a sharp tongue and an Americocentric streak two feet wide.  He does come off as petulant when what he wants doesn't just sort of appear before him.  A lot of his dissatisfactions can surely be attributed to his own spasmodic trip management and monolingualism. At the same time, he ranges from funny to hilarious.  He spots a lot of interesting things about other countries.  There were a lot of places he really liked, and he said so.  And it must be admitted that he made it to some out-of-the-way places:  Hammerfest, Capri, Locarno, Sofia.  I have to respect the effort that required.<br />So who'll like the book? It depends on your approach.  If Bryson dogged your country/city/favourite landmark, and you're inclined to get annoyed at such things--or if American tourists are your (understandable) pet peeve, probably you won't much care for him.  If you enjoy funny travel writing from someone not afraid to show his complete ignorance and make a merry fool of himself in public, Bryson is for you.  While Bryson pokes a lot of fun at grumpy ticket counter people and waiters, he is his own single largest target.  I'll raise a beer stein to that.
B000002KZ6|5.0|This is essential climb up into your head music in the same field of genius as I Robot from the Alan Parsons Project yet still sutable for shareing with the artisticly challenged ignorant masses.
0553573403|4.0|3.5 Stars...  Perhaps 4.  He writes relatively well and has the potential for great characterisation.  His intrigue is amazing, but...  I dislike the VIVID rape scenes - I don't need details of what is happening.  Nor do I need a detailed description of the incestuous relationships...  I'm not against these scenes in general, just the level of detail.  Perhaps he wanted to excite a teen audience?<br /><br />I dislike the fact that characters get no more than a chapter at a time - it doesn't allow the reader to get fully engrossed in that particular thread.  It puts me in mind of a soap-opera, where many people's lives are flashed into and out of.  In fact, I'd classify the book as a fantasy/mystery/thriller soap.  A waste of good writing.<br /><br />There's plenty of intrigue, but no ADVENTURE.  One aspect of Fantasy that I enjoy is discovering new things, the sense of adventure that one shares with a character when that character explores the hitherto unknown.  Although GRRM has painted a wonderful and rich Fantasy world, he doesn't do much with it.  I'm afraid that I haven't fallen in love with his world, as I might with Osten Ard, Middle Earth or (I hate to say it) one of Weiss & Hickmann's (who did, if nothing else, know how to create a vivid world).<br /><br />I'd give him: 5 Stars for intrigue & suspense 2.5 Stars for world building 3 Stars for characterisation 4 Stars for plot 3.5 Stars for \\"emotiveness\\"...<br /><br />Perhaps I was jaded by the critical acclaim?<br /><br />Lastly...  Many writers are accused of being \\"blithely happy\\".  GRRM has gone to the other extreme, he's self-consctiously attempted NOT to be accused of this.  It shows too vividly and he tries a little TOO hard.<br /><br />But, nevertheless, I shall wade through books two and three.  It's more enjoyable than most slop that's dished up out there...
B00000DHRZ|5.0|This The Offspring CD is awesome!  The best songs are &quot;Pretty Fly For a White Guy&quot;, &quot;The Kids Aren't Alright&quot; and &quot;Why Don't You Get a Job?&quot; Great music, great lyrics like &quot;my friend's got a girlfriend and he hates that bitch&quot; and &quot;my friend's got a boyfriend and she hates that dick&quot;.  GREAT CD
B000002UD0|5.0|This was one of my first albums I ever owned. It is such a pleasure to hear the sounds again on compact disc.  I got interested in it from hearing excerpts of &quot;Beef Jerky&quot; played by a local tv madman...the Ghoul.  Upon hearing the rest of the songs, I realized the talent Lennon possessed.  The songs were written and recorded during Lennon's temporary break-up from Yoko.  The depression and the abuse of drugs and alcohol can be felt in the music Lennon has left us.  From the opening track &quot;Going Down on Love&quot; you can feel the emotions of Lennon.  I can say these songs have been therapy for my own hardships that life has dealt me.  My personal favorite is &quot;Scared&quot; as only Lennon could use multiple meanings for the word.  This collection of works surely lets the world know we surely miss him as an artist.
B00004XQ83|5.0|Good soundtracks transport you back into the movie, the notes and chords helping you to relive the magic on screen.  A good soundtrack keeps perfect pace with the characters and storylines.  A good soundtrack doesn't try to steal all the thunder from images on screen.  A good soundtrack should add emotion and depth to the characters and plot.  A good soundtrack doesn't feel like a round peg forced into a square hole (like that kids toy).  O Brother, Where Art Thou is a good soundtrack because it follows all of my (personal) guidelines.  This is one of the best soundtracks of the last 10 years, hands down.  The 19 tracks are a perfect mix of old folk, blues, roots, and gospel music that would pave the way for country later on.  Listening to this album is just like living in the movie;  this is what it would sound like walking down a dusty depression-era country road with a radio in your hand.  Do yourself a favor and buy this.  After all, it is a good soundtrack.
B00004RHZU|3.0|This album is pretty good musically, especially the hit song &quot;There You Go&quot;. Unfortunately, she is following the trend of negativity in her lyrics that is popular with other female singers in the genre. Most of the songs on this album are basically about men who lie and cheat -- hardly an empowering message to young women. It would have been better if she also included music with a positive message to balance all the anger.
0679721037|5.0|Hiroshima is a book with six accounts of survivors of the Hiroshima bombing.  The City of Hiroshima, Japan was bombed in World War II by the Americans.  The bomb dropped, dropped on August 6, 1945, was one never seen before. It was called an atomic bomb.  Besides the obvious damage of the bombings of war, it left long lasting effects like radiation, disease and other direct problems like horrible burns, which turned into Keloids, which are tough, pink pieces of skin on many of the area's residents. <br /> The perspective of this book makes the Americans the evil antagonists because they made so many people suffer for so long.  The Americans had almost no feedback as far as suffering goes after they dropped this bomb.  The Japanese are shown as the protagonists.  It makes it look like they didn't do anything and the Americans were just bombing them, then for no reason they were forced to suffer even until today.  I feel before the accounts start to be told, the author, John Hersey, should have given some background on the reasons for the bombings and World War 2.<br /> The six accounts in this book are of two doctors, Dr. Fujii and Dr. Sasaki, two religious leaders, Father Kliensorge and Reverend Tanimoto, and two women.  The first woman is a personnel clerk in the East Asia tin works named Miss Toshinki Sasaki and the second, a widow named Mrs. Nakamura.  The majority of the story takes place in Hiroshima but there is quite a lot of reference to Tokyo and the United States.<br /> This book goes very in depth with what the people were doing before, during and after the bomb was dropped.  You really learn a lot about the character personalities through how they handled the problems after the explosion.  I also learned a lot about Japanese culture through reading this book.  Hiroshima shows how every aspect of life is affected when something like this happens.  Almost every single building was knocked down or damaged beyond repair.  Every single person in this book hasto overcome many changes.  The way these people handle the changes is what the book is mostly about.  <br /> Towards the close of the book, the most important thing is relationships. This book is amazing because it recounts things that actually happened. People had to overcome the problems and restart their entire lives including a home, a job, a family and friends along with dealing with their state of grief and loss of family. The most amazing thing I read was when Mr. Tanimoto offered forgiveness and asked the same god to bless every member while taking part in the United States Senate.<br /> The only thing I didn't really like about this book is the way it was put together.  It was a little hard to understand because what happened to all the people were put in sections.  The book is set up with what all six people were doing before the bomb.  The it is what all six people did immediately after the bomb and then what all six people did for the rest of their lives.  It would have been much easier to read and understand if it was set up with the entire account of the first person from before the bomb until death.  Then it would go to the entire account of the next person from before the bomb until death and so on, perhaps like separate short stories. <br /> This book reminds me a lot of a book titled Hatchet written by Gary Paulsen.  It is about survival in the wilderness instead of society like in Hiroshima.  What happens is the character in Hatchet is in a plane crash, which is an accident and he is forced to survive in whatever way possible.  This is similar to Hiroshima because there is an incident, which is the bomb, and then every survivor is forced to survive any way possible.  Then, finally in Hatchet there is a plane that flies overhead and rescues him just like society raised money in Hiroshima and rescued the economy and the survivors.
0684847248|5.0|Whether business or personal this book is without a doubt a universal need for everyone to read. It is so simple its complex in that one will read it over and over again so as not to miss one important concept. How could one know so much? It does not seem possible but it is iron clad in its resistance to real criticism. I first read the book in 1984 and predicted it would sell more books than McDonald's sells hamburgers, its a classic. In addition all other of Peck's books flow directly from this in almost perfect rythm so one must read to not miss one thought the man writes. The books are a reflection of immense work and thought made so simple that its depth is staggering. This is truly God inspired.
0071373586|5.0|This is the Bible of marketing. I recommend it to anyone and everyone who is around marketing. It is useful in any profession if only to promote yourself. Phenomonal book!
B00004W55E|5.0|After some time has passed Rachelle Ferrell has given to us Individuality (Can I be me?).  This album is a concert for the soul.  Rachelle ferrell has put forth the essence of true emotion, strength and rebirth, for anyone who ever needed true inspiration to stir your soul get this album and be refreshed.
B00003CXP1|5.0|To read a review for Requiem, will do you no good, as it is nearly impossible to capture the visualizations, and raw emotions depicted in this film. Those who saw it will tell you they left the theatre in a unison of feelings, and psychological disturbance. I too, experienced Requiem, a dark world, where four characters, four rays of light, slowly fade before you. It is perhaps the most intense film I have ever seen. I sat there gripping my seat, my breath barely there. You can read the great reviews from critics of this film (see rotten tomatoes site)... but I can only give you the humanistic reaction to a purely human film. Locate a showing of Requiem...experience it, then you will know exactely what you, me, and all those who experienced Requiem, know.
6305750750|4.0|...  This is somewhat disappointing, especially considering the unfair way in which many have regarded the film.  There's no need to arguer with these people -- I, for one, admit and accept that this film is not going to have me as thrilled as &quot;Star Wars&quot; or &quot;Empire Strikes Back&quot; because, frankly, I haven't been watching Episode I on the VCR weekly since I was 6 years old, as I have with the original trilogy.<br />With any movie that recieves this much hype, it's not going to be possible for it to live up to the expectations.  I'm not entirely sure what people expected -- obviously not an exciting, inventive, finely crafted action/adventure film, which is what they got.  Yes, characterization is admittedly spotty, and some of the dialogue is only what you'd find in a sci-fi serial or a comic book or mythology...which, as I recall, is exactly what Lucas was going for in 1977, as well.  Yes, there are so many special effects that they at times threaten to overtake the rest of the film.  And, yes, I enjoyed the film immensely.  The Star Wars saga is like a bit of modern mythology -- characters larger than life, worlds so elaborate and detailed that we have to stare back in awe, action sequences that push the envelope of what has been done before.  Like it or not, Lucas' films have woven their way into our popular culture; just because this film didn't live up to impossible expectations doesn't change that.  As a member of the saga, I found it enjoyable -- not up to the &quot;Star Wars&quot; freshness or the perfection of &quot;Empire&quot;, but it's a step-up from the rushed wrap-up of &quot;Return of the Jedi&quot;.<br />What I respect and appreciate about the Phantom Menace, as with the rest of the saga, is Lucas' obvious love for his creation -- it shows in every frame, every detail.  It may not be wholly original, but ... it isn't fun to get ... into his universe for a couple of hours.  It is a MOVIE, after all, and for what it attempts -- to craft an entertaining story in an imaginary universe that has been established in 3 previous films -- it suceeds admirably.craft an entertaining story in an imaginary universe that has been established in 3 previous films -- it suceeds admirably.
B00004R7X5|4.0|The distinction this recording of Sheherzade is its sonic balance between soft and loud passages.  This is especially evident in the third section.  Other recordings tend to soften the volume here, with the result of making the movement practically inaudible at lower volume settings; this recording's third movement has no such defect.  The DG engineers were not &quot;afraid to turn up the volume.&quot;  The strings are glowing and the double basses truly resonante in the third movement.  The recording, strangely, does have thinner low-end resonance in the other three movements.  Nevertheless, this is more than compensated by the even-handed treatment the DG engineers gave the overall recording. The orchestra's playing is the typically excellent quality one would expect from the Berlin PO and Herbert von Karjan.<br />The Capriccio Italiane is among the most enjoyable and powerful interpretations I have heard.  The playing is energetic and the sound is full-blooded, though slightly thin on the low-end.  Karajan's account of the 1812 Overture is an added bonus to the disc, bringing the total time to nearly 80 minutes.    <br />I would recommend this historic 1967 recording as an addition to one's collection of Sheherazade recordings.  It is a reference to an earlier age, in which more primitive sound quality simply gives way to the musical gifts of one of the world's great orchestra-conductor pairings.
B000051VWW|5.0|Having waited 8 long years and having to endure a lot of bad music in that time span, Sade came back to save music. Her album, &quot;Lover's Rock&quot; is all that could be expected of Sade. Pure simplicity and greatness. There is nothing about this album that disappoints. If it were longer, it would take away from the simplicity. If there were any fancy overtures, it would not be  Sade album. Somtime, the simplests things are the hardest to get right, and Sade keeps getting them right. I recommend this album to anyone. The younger generation may have a hard time realizing the breadth of this album, but, if someone is a true music lover, they will see and hear the beauty of the album and cherish it for all its simplicity and lack of fancy tricks and hoooks that so many artists rely upon. Nothing can take away from this album. There are those who may say it is too short or that it is just like the previous Sade albums. While that is true, is that not why we love Sade so much and waited so long for more? To ask for or expect more would be asking for Sade to be sometihing other than Sade and that would be wrong and that would destroy the album. Besides, the great thing about CD's is that they repeat and you can get back to the beginning and start all over again!
B00004XQP4|5.0|when i bought this cd, i expected a mediocre album, but this album took me by surprise. since i got it, it has been in heavy rotation in my cd player. my favorite songs are: &quot;blood,sex,&amp; booze&quot;,&quot;fashion victim&quot;,&quot;warning&quot;,&quot;minority&quot;,and &quot;macy's day parade&quot;. i highly recommend this to any green day fan,then again, if youre a green day fan you should already have this
B00004YW6I|1.0|I have been a PJ Harvey fan since 1991, and have always been surprised and pleased with her many turns and twists in direction over the years.  The last couple years, I have really stopped listening to 'rock' or mainstream albums in general, but alway figured I could count on PJ Harvey's integrity to bring something worthwhile with each new release....wrong!!  This album has absolutely nothing worth hearing, from my point of view.  Very boring, and reminds me of REM or U2 when they finally lost their edge and started making self-conscious stadium rock.  For all of you who are happy re-treading the same, boring, ego-centric old rock n roll ground again and again, maybe this will suit you.  For those of us who savor the new and better, skip this one!  At least her other guitar-based albums were raw, edgy, and daring.  This album is worse than Eric Clapton unplugged.  Perhaps now we can say, rock n roll is truly dead!  If you want to hear the direction rock should have gone, I may suggest Portishead, Tricky, Intense, Roni Size, etc...then again maybe not, I guess next time PJ Harvey comes to San Francisco, she won't be visiting the Warfield, but selling out the Oakland Coliseum instead??  Well you get the point.
B000002KK2|5.0|I bought this (again), and found that Rickie Lee Jones still sounds great, not at all dated. She has a style of her own, a little sultry & a little seductive, though in today's music scene she reminds me most of Sheryl Crow.
B00003CX8J|1.0|Plotless flick made only to promote thousands of various merchandise items, especially the non-action figures. Probably the first movie that genuinely *is* merchandise itself... Will obviously be loved by two-digit-IQ people, who consider comic books high art and must syllabize their captions aloud in order to comprehend them. No wonder it gets so many positive reviews (though I doubt if most of their authors actually know the definition of the word).
0792156684|1.0|This movie was horrible.  The special effects and set design were good, but could in no way salvage the crap that is supposed to pass as a story.  L.A. Confidential deserved the best picture Oscar over this movie. END
0451167716|5.0|The Godfather, by Mario Puzo, is a story about an Italian Mafia family, in America and how that family used their power and money to influence and control their surroundings.  Mario Puzo paints a brilliant picture of the corruptness and heartache, through his description of the Corleone family centered on the Godfather.  The Godfather, who at first thought, creates an angelic and peaceful picture of a man to which a child seeks guidance from, but in reality he is a very dark and cynical man.  One actually begins to fall in love with the fiction character, even though he is the persona of evil.  This character is very much the opposite of most characters in books, for in those books they are centered on a hero and his unquestionable acts.  Perhaps one of the most vivid and extreme situations in the Godfather, was Puzo's graphic and detailed accounts of violence and sex.  This however, isn't too distasteful and does not draw the reader away from important concepts and ideas.  Mario Puzo was born and raised in West Manhattan, in a neighborhood known today as Hells Kitchen.  Growing up in a very poor and violent neighborhood is what many critics think provoked him into writing about the Mafia.  Puzo's experiences living in such an area in America, helped him to know how controlling and powerful the Mafia actually was.  Throughout The Godfather, many brilliant ideas and concepts were presented, but according to some critics there were many down sides and low points to it.  Fred L. Gurdaphe states that,\\" the image of the honest, hardworking Italian immigrant family portrayed by Fante, Di Donito, and Mangrone as a community united against an alien and often hostile outside world is abandoned for the portrayal of family able to gain power through any means-legal or illegal-necessary to control their environment.\\"  Another critical reception from John Sutherland stated that,\\" Puzo's straight forward narrative reveals the indomitable influence of money and the necessity of violence for the survival of the self-made individual.\\"  Though these criticisms are valid and make a point that the Godfather shows people the necessity of violence, it doesn't tell that in America, the Mafia uses violence to get what they want.  A quote that shows how powerful the Mafia around the Godfather is,\\" my boss has a lot of friends who back his judgment.\\"  This shows that overall, the Godfather had a huge influence on people around him.    \\"I made him an offer he couldn't refuse,\\" is one of the most famous quotes of The Godfather and is an overall quote that shows influence of money and power.  Before going out and purchasing this book, one must note that there are some scenes that have very descriptive adjectives and these scenes may not be suitable for all readers.  Also a person needs to note that they must have a lot of free time on their hands before they go out and purchase The Godfather, because it is very hard, if not impossible to put down.
6304712936|4.0|I would give the movie itself 5 stars.. however I am not fully satisfied with the DVD.  It is one of the older ones so I guess that may excuse some of this, but the biggest annoyance was having to flip the disk about 3/4 through the movie.  I guess I'm just lazy, but with dual layers DVD's out now this probably wouldn't be necessary if it were released again.  <br />The colors were also kinda dark on this transfer.  The music however, is of course great and comes across strongly.  The extras include a trailer and some text info that is quite interesting, but an updated release of this film with a better transfer and some more extras would be worth waiting for if one ever does come out.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Any album with this collection of songs must rate 5 stars. But it is not a substitute for the complete collection. No greatest hits album is complete (unless it is Golden Earings greatest hits). This album will leave new beatles fans wanting for more. I started my addiction with Abbey Road. Abbey Road lead to the White Album which lead to St. Peppers and so on. I will not be happy until I have every song on disk. If this album makes you want more than it has performed it function. I urge you to buy this to start your own addiction. Own them all, I say.
B000050FEN|5.0|This is an excellent DVD for those who love psychological thrillers and the making of them. David Fincher has done it again. He has re-mastered some of the elements of the original film and included many insights on the making. I love this DVD and recommend it to everyone.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|If you are a simpleton who wants to hear what you hear from most DJs on the Oldies Stations, then this is the ticket.  If you think that you might like the Beatles, then pick a time period and you are better off with Revolver, or Abbey Road, or Sgt Peppers or one of the Beatles CDs that really spells out the stage of Rock &amp; Roll development to which the Beatles contributed.  By the way, what idiot put all that clapping on the end of Sgt Peppers (maybe the same guy who left the last note off of Abbey Road)???
0060977264|4.0|If you want an easy read, don't buy this. If you want a rich poetic discourse full of thought provoking dichotomys, tension and passion, then do. The book meanders more than flows and clarity can be elusive at times, but this is definitely a book to read and re-read, each time gaining more insight in to the workings of this great author. Many themes are covered from exile to spiritual freedom to commitment and love. A good book to read when you have the time it deserves.
0425170349|5.0|Rainbow Six was a great novel that kept me thinking and plotting through the whole book. It opens up with a great action segment and introduces readers tho the main characters. Throughout the book it unfolds a great storyline of espionage and terrorism. Its action-packed and full of suspense.It is about a team of awsome military perfectionists put together by the government in case of a world crisis.The team is called Rainbow Six and is headed by John Clark, an old war veteran/espionage expert. The team travels all around the world tending to terrorist acts that the local police cant control.<br />All in all, this book was simply amazing and i recomend it to anyone and everyone who enjoys action/suspense novels.
6305013578|1.0|Oh, I suppose it won't clog up your player like a crappy tape would do to a VCR.<br />The picture is horrible (transferred from a bad video, not a print) and cropped ridiculously.<br />I haven't seen the Moroder version (although it was always on the rental shelf in my younger days, and now I'm kicking myself for not seeing it).<br />Based on this DVD I would also warn people about which version of Night of the Living Dead they buy (there is a Madacy version out there).
B00004T37H|2.0|The visuals and animation technique were up to par for anime -- lots of beautiful and intricate things to look at.  However, I was very disappointed with the story and the character development.  Most of the time, the action just didn't make sense (unless I'm missing a lot of fairytale background that Japanese kids grow up with), and the characters were so, uh, two-dimensional that I felt uninvolved nearly the whole time I was watching.  Perhaps Princess Mononoke got better reviews than it deserved because of the big-name cast and the relative lack of knowledge about anime in the American market.  I'd rather have watched Bubblegum Crisis again than this movie.
B00003CXE7|4.0|This is one of those rare moments when Hollywood makes an attempt at self reflection. The narrative depicts the rise to power of the \\"General who became a slave, who became a gladiator, who defied the Emperor.\\" One gets the sense, though, that the film is not just talking about General Maximus but is really a loose allegory for Hollywood's political influence.<br />This well told story is about a General who (unwillingly) becomes the Roman equivalent of a Hollywood actor (albeit without the perks).  From his new position as an entertainer, Maximus is able to carry enough political weight with the people to ultimately defeat the corrupt ruler.  To say it another way, the central motif of the movie is this: Because entertainers have access to the masses, political power is most effectively wielded as an entertainer.  And so Hollywood, as embodied in Maximus, ultimately portrays itself as the savior of democracy and presumably, therefore, the savior of mankind.<br />Interestingly enough, Gladiator's examination of the relation between entertainment and political power comes near the end of the term of a President who has had more than the normal amount of connections to Hollywood.  One can't help but wonder about the real life connections between politics and entertainment. Perhaps the arena is not far off after all.
0684833395|5.0|This book is great.  I read it and its the best book ever. Im not kidding. This book is great. It shows you how life on a bombing base was and Yosarrian is just the coolest character. This book is surprisingly funny to and there are over 50 characters. You should buy this book it's worth the dough.
B00003CXE7|5.0|This movie is one of the best I have seen in a long time. It tells the tale of one Maximus Decimus Meridius, a Spanish General of the Roman Army in the year 180 A.D. After winning a great battle against the barbarians, the old king, Marcus Aurelius (played by Richard Harris), decides to make this brilliant general the Caesar of Rome upon his death. He says that he will be ideal because he has not been corrupted by Rome's politics. However, Aurelius's son, Commodus, Maximus's friend, is jealous at the Spaniard and kills his father, and thus he seizes control of the Roman Empire. He orders Maximus and his wife and son killed. Maximus kills nearly half a dozen soldiers and escapes, but his family is crucified. After he escapes, he is captured by a man who organizes gladiator fights to turn a profit. Maximus was to participate in one of these events; he won. Not only by staying alive did he achieve victory, but he also won over the crowd. Then he is sent to Rome, where he has his chance to fight back at the emperor who killed his wife and son. The acting is excellent all around, especially Crowe and Phoenix. The scenery and costumes are all outstanding, bringing the Roman Empire to life. The DVD is simply amazing, with great sound and picture quality, plus deleted scenes. This movie is nothing less than a classic; an epic. It is definitely worth purchasing here.<br />A fine combination of literate messagery and light entertainment. Worth a look.
0684833395|5.0|This book is great.  I read it and its the best book ever. Im not kidding. It shows you how life on a bombing base was and Yosarrian is just the coolest character. This book is surprisingly funny to and there are over 50 characters. You should buy this book it's worth the dough.
B0000069NM|4.0|Sco working with the ultimate backing band, and do they ever lay it down.  Stellar playing and these guys are all about POCKET.  MMW and Scofield compliment each other so well on this album, never stepping on each other or getting in the way.  Songs like Hottentot, Green Tea, Chank and the title track groove in a huge way and are perfect examples of what this album is all about.
0679745203|4.0|Beautiful English. It is really a classic novel and will be remembered by the future generations.
B0000069NM|4.0|Sco working with the ultimate backing band, and do they ever lay it down.  Stellar playing and these guys are all about POCKET.  MMW and Scofield compliment each other so well on this album, never stepping on each other or getting in the way.  Songs like Hottentot, Green Tea, Chank and the title track groove in a huge way and are perfect examples of what this album is all about.
0679745203|4.0|Beautiful English. It is really a classic novel and will be remembered by the future generations.
B00004XQP4|5.0|OK this is a extremely melodic and just plain cool cd, all you people that say it is not your definition of &quot;punk&quot; just lighten up, have some fun this is not the punkiest cd but they are still a punk band with cool melodys and great guitar work
0880389052|5.0|Homeland was among the first Forgotten Realms books that I read, since I had started with Dragonlance. But aever since I read this book (and every other Drizzt book I could find at the time), I have been hooked on the Realms. The moment a Drizzt book is published, I buy it. Drizzt is without a doubt my favorite character, and of all the books about him Homeland is my favorite. Personally, my favorite part is the time he spends in the academy. Salvatore's fighting sequences are unequaled, and I could not find a single flaw in any part of this book. To not like this book is to hate fantasy.
6303149200|4.0|what a weird one.  i liked it heaps, and i loathe musicals.  This one and Paint Your Wagon are the only two i can stand.  The naked girls help, of course.  Anyway, what i wanted to say was, i just saw this video at the book store where i work, and i was disappointed in the cover: it's the one released in 1998, i believe, with the wicker man ablaze on the cover.  i was thinking very hard about buying it, but it sort of put me off that they would re-issue this movie with the surprise ending right on the front cover.  the one i saw originally, i can't remember what time length it was, but it had a black cover with a medalion-shaped wicker face on the cover, and i thought that added to the mystery of the film because it doesn't give anything away, only leaves you wondering what is this wicker man? is he a demon-type person, shapeshifter or what? you know? this new cover is lame, i think. but, a great movie, no matter. check it out.  kind of like rosemary's baby, but even weirder and somehow more horrible because the consequences are much more immediate.
6304602898|4.0|This movie scared the crud out of me when I was little.  I didn't realize at the time that it was supposed to be somewhat of a comedy as well.  When I got older, I laughed at some of the very hilarious scenes.  But, if you have children who are between 5 and 12, show them this movie just to scare them to death.  Some people would say that is cruel, but I love having memories of myself lying in bed, unable to go to sleep because I thought there was a Gremlin in my closet.  So please, whatever your age, enjoy this horror/comedy minor classic from the mid 80's!
B000002HAF|5.0|Black Francis is one disturbed fellow. Not in the jabbering  of really wierd phrases... well wait, this album is filled with cryptic, disturbed lyrics. The only reason Tipper Gore hasn't gone after it with a butcher knife is because on first listen it sounds like a bunch of Beach Boys demos. However, after you've listened to this record about a million times (as I have) you begin to take the sense that these lyrics are just really wrong. Not that I mind. However, the case and point of my statements would be &quot;Break My Body&quot;, &quot;Cactus&quot;, and &quot;I'm Amazed&quot;. The songs have a sugary sweet sound with a dynamic that just kills (you know: the start - stop dynamic that every band after 1991 tried to copy). So, let us all bow down at the depraved alter of Black  Francis (or is it Frank Black?) and just buy this beautifully disturbed record
6305079900|5.0|This film is very inventive in terms of story line.  The film is expertly directed and established James Cameron as a real talent.  It is also Cameron's first film to have a strong female character as does all of his works(Sigorney Weaver in &quot;ALIENS&quot;, Mary Elizabeth Mastrontonio in &quot;THE ABYSS&quot;, Linda Hamilton once again in &quot;T2: JUDGEMENT DAY&quot;, Jamie Lee Curtis in &quot;TRUE LIES&quot; and Kate Winslet to some extent in &quot;TITANIC&quot;.)  To women who think this movie is a brainless action movie think again.  A woman is signifigant to the future of mankind, a woman kills the Terminator, and a woman outsurvives all of the male co-stars.  Sure, the effects are a little dated and are blown away by the sequels, but this is the one that started it all.
6305537798|5.0|This movie is surprisingly good!  I figured it was just going to be another boring love story focused on the teen audience. But actually this modernized adaptation of Shakespeare's &quot;The Taming of the Shrew&quot; is very entertaining.  When I watched this movie my mind was set that it wasn't any good, but I was wrong, this movie is an excellent retelling of a good, yet old, Shakespearian play.
0788821075|1.0|Very bad,over-rated &amp; stupid. A rich guy meets a hooker......big deal.
0783222955|5.0|After experiencing a rather weak year (Y2K) for movies, I decided to rent a classic movie that I had never seen before. And am I glad I did! &quot;To Kill a Mockingbird&quot; immediately catapulted itself onto my all-time Top Ten movie list. Having never read the book, I still say this is a near-perfect motion picture. The young actors playing Scout and Jem are flawless, and what more can you say about Gregory Peck's dignified performance as Atticus Finch? This film touches on the subjects of race relations, mental illness, and single parenthood from a child's point of view, with all the mystery, wonder, and even terror that is experienced. Scout's first face-to-face meeting with Boo Radley nearly brought tears to my eyes. That is a classic moment in this classic movie.
B000002AZ8|4.0|Pearl Jam's third and most experimental album to date.  This album contains some of my personal favourite PJ tracks and some I don't really regard as up to their usual standard.<br />Last Exit - I love this track, great lyrics and guitar riffs 5/5<br />Spin The Black Circle - keeps the momento going, another great track 4.5/5<br />Not For You - drags on too long, a bit of a disappointment 3/5<br />Tremor Christ - good song but not brilliant 3.5/5<br />Nothingman - wonderful, fantastic, superb; you get the idea 6/5<br />Whipping - a very good rocker 4.5/5<br />Pry, To - short and sweet<br />Corduroy - one of the three best songs on the album 5/5<br />Bugs - weird accordian music, not really my style 3.5/5<br />Satan's Bed - again not PJ's finest song, but worth listening to 4/5<br />Better Man - everyone knows this magnificent track, I rate it as the third best song PJ have ever written 6/5<br />Aye Davanita - another short, just hum along<br />Immortality - was this written in memory of Kurt Kobain, who knows, just enjoy another brilliant track 5/5<br />Stupid Mop - what the hell is this???, pretend it doesn't exist 1/5
B00003CXBK|5.0|Like all other reviewers, I will start off by saying that you will not be disappointed. The hipe is not exagerated; it is that good.<br />The animation is excellant. The colors are georgious, and the character design is appealing. I further fell in love with the character movements, crossing between realistic and stylized. They definitely prove that some things can't be achieved with live motion filming nor with live actors. This story has to be told in animation format.<br />The best part, however, is the story. The story pacing drives you with great action sequences, but still give you enough room to empathize with the the characters and feel their emotions. The heart of the story lies in the setting of Japanes folk-mythology, giving you environment and creatures that take you beyond your imagination. (The little wood spirits with their rattling heads are my favorites) However, you are still grounded to reality as traces of modernity begins to encroach on these fantasy worlds. You definitely get the sense that this took place in the recent past and has direct link to our existence.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Affirmation is truly one of the finest albums I have ever heard.  Each and every tune has become etched into my brain...and the lyrics, well, what can I say...Darren, you are one gifted bloke!  If I have to pick a favourite I guess it would have to be The Lover After Me...weepy stuff. I was lucky enough to see Savage Garden twice in December 2000 - fantastic....and the light show was absolutely spectacular! I cannot wait for their next concert...or their next album! For those of you who still haven't heard this album - beg, steal or borrow a copy - better still, buy your own and enjoy!!!
B0000029GA|4.0|I'm as Nas fan who has heard all of his albums. Like somebody else who reviewed this album.. I thought it was overrated until I heard it throughly. I still think it's somewhat overrated. and &quot;It Was Written&quot; and &quot;I Am...&quot; (Two other Nas albums) are underrated. Don't get me wrong, I like Illmatic a lot, I just wish people would give more credit to Nas' other work. Illmatic is plain and simply a TREND. People call it the &quot;best&quot; so people will think they're &quot;Hip Hop&quot;... The album IS worth the money, no doubt.. but &quot;It Was Written&quot; and &quot;I Am...&quot; are too. I Am is my favorite.. but on the other hand Nastradamus was disapointing. But as far as Nas' first peice goes, I wish people would stop calling it better than it is, and calling the other albums trash. Escobar and Nasty are both great.. lyrically. and Nas has never changed, nor has he ever &quot;sold out&quot; or gone &quot;jiggy&quot;.. listen to every Nas album before you judge. Thanks.
B00004XQ83|5.0|While noxious pablum continues to flow from Nashville, there are still people who try to remind us of how good it could be. This album contains some of the best of these of these artists. One of the finest compilations in years. Not to be missed.
6302256704|5.0|Put simply, this is one of (if not THE) greatest spoof comedies off all time.  I have literally seen this movie over 50 times and it NEVER ceases to make me laugh uncontrollably.  Lloyd Bridges has to be the funniest character in the movie...hands down.  This movie needs a 10 out of 5 star rating, but this is as high as I can select :0)  <br />Where in the heck is the DVD???????????
B000005HN6|5.0|I had read all the reviews and the hype on this band and this particular album, and I figured that there was no way that the hype could be true.  Man, I was wrong.<br />Within the first minute of the opener &quot;In Mist She Was Standing&quot; I was hooked.  Unbelievable guitar hooks, killer death/black vocals, and amazingly inspired and atmospheric acoustic interludes all come together to create an almost otherworld of heavy metal goodness.  The songs on this album are killer, and progressive at the same time, and never get boring.  The guitar sound is a bit more biting and melodic than some of their later works, and in no way does it ever sound like a debut album.    Like other Opeth albums, give it time, and you will love this album.
B00004X0Q0|5.0|I can't even come remotely close to putting how I feel about this cd into words. This cd is already in my top 3 favorites of all time. Maybe even my all-time favorite. I instantly fell in love with the cd, every song is so unique and fragile. The word &quot;perfection&quot; doesn't do this album justice. I have been listening to this cd for the past two months non-stop. All day,  every day. I can't get enough of these guys. They are complete and utter geniuses and they probably don't even know it.<br />My picks off the album are Non-Zero Possibility, so emotionally incredible, Rolodex Propaganda, just an amazing song that I can't get enough of, Arcarsenal, fast and furious with a vulnerable side, One-Armed Scissor, the first single, can't go wrong with this song, Invalid Litter Dept., a song with a sad meaning also the next single/video, Enfilade, very fast and catchy, Quarantined, excellent song, Pattern Against User, good song to be moving around to. <br />Pick this album up, you can't go wrong with it! :)
B00000JGEF|5.0|This must be Schwarzenegger's finest hour as an 'action' actor.  Released in 1987, Predator is a supreme action picture that has tension, violence (to a high degree), comedy, as well as beautiful locations and the best assembled group of actors for any hollywood action movie.<br />What I was really impressed with was the special effects (for it's time), the way each member of the elite commando unit bonded together, the chemistry between this group (you could not choose any other actors to play their roles) and last, but not least the creature, the alien itself.  It is superb, perfectly constructed and created by Stan Winston, much better than the creatures that ever caused a fright in the 'Alien' movies.<br />What is such a shame is that the film was never made into a large successful franchise (like the alien films), its sequel Predator 2 is great also, but it seems to lack a certain quality compared to its predecessor.  I had heard that a Predator 3:The Hunt was supposedly on its way, as well as an Aliens VS Predator, but this was at least 4 or 5 years ago so I am not optimistic about whether there will ever be another Predator film sequel.<br />Maybe its best leaving it like it is, but it would have been nice to have had a trilogy.....
B00004X01U|5.0|I recently baught this album and the only word that can come close to describing it is superb!  This has to be one of the most fantastic peaces of art Madonna has put together in her amazing recording career!  The &quot;Music&quot; on this album is so diverse it makes you wonder if all the songs are by the same artist.  Songs range from hard techno songs like &quot;Impressive Instant&quot; to the stripped down &quot;I deserve It&quot; where Madonna sings with guitar! Of course you can also expect the out there plane old pop like the song &quot;Amazing&quot; which it is!
B000002BMV|4.0|It was tough, but between 'Escape' and 'Raised On Radio' my choice of best album by Journey is 'Escape'.  Rock &amp; Roll bands come and go (mostly go these days) and some just stick around for an annoyingly long time even if you WANT them to break up, but alas, the Journey as we know it (i.e. the Journey with Steve Perry) is gone (I won't say forever 'cuz you just never know) and out of all of their many great releases, MY personal choice for best was, is and always shall be 'Escape', and for all the reasons that made this one of the biggest selling records of the 80's.<br />Having seen Journey on 3 separate occasions (once without Steve--the 'new' guy sure sounds like him, but hey! He ISN'T) and the first two times were magical experiences for me that I will remember for the rest of my life.  Jonathan Cain and Neal Schon were every bit as impressive as Steve Perry (who was almost boring to watch--but VERY good to listen to).  My job affords me opportunities to actually meet with bands on a regular basis (I am in radio) and these guys were pretty cool--if not a little concerned about getting a shower and hitting the sack (the perils of growing old).  I give high marks for their 'live' sound quality and the light show was pretty good, too.  Nothing spectacular (for that you have to see Pink Floyd) but a memorable experience all the same.  From 'Don't Stop Believing' to 'Still They Ride' this one has some of Journey's biggest signature hits, and almost all are radio-friendly (I think in those terms, sorry).  If you are a die-hard Journey fan, you need this one.<br />-DJ Jazzy Jeff
1878424319|5.0|I read this book in one sitting and then read it again and again and again.  It's an amazing book full of wisdom and very thought provoking.  If you put to practice all four agreements, you can't help but live a happier life while spreading joy to others.
B000002OXU|1.0|On revisting this album after some 15 years I was surprised to find that it had not grown on me at all. I have a wisteria on my wall that has shown more promise in that department. I find the overuse of reverb on the guitars one of Townsend's least  innovative movee. The tracks seem poorly put together and although the technology of the time was limited by todays standards other groups, The Beatles, Stones, Monkees managed OK in producing quality output. The songs themselves have always been overated IMO.  The album is only rescued by the, un credited backing vocals provided by Bruce Johnston of the Beach Boys. I have that on the highest authority and I only wish he had produced the album as well. At least some credibility would have been added. I will be sticking with my vinyl version of Whos Next. Sorry guys.
B000001FY9|5.0|In any genre of music, ever, Bob Marley stands as one of the greatest. This cd is just that. For those just starting to listen to Bob, this a great introduction. And for those who are allready fans, this is also a must have. Every song on the album is beyond a hit, but a monument. It is perfectly crafted, even ending the cd with &quot;Jammin&quot; which I think is wonderful. Even for those not interested in Reggae, Bob Marley's words captivate anyone, of any age. Long Live His Name, in Trenchtown, and around the world.
B000050FEN|5.0|Brad Pitt was excellent in only two films, 12 Monkeys and Seven.  In Seven he shines, along with Morgan Freeman as a detective tracking down a serial killer who selects his victims based on the seven deadly sins.  The death scenes are often gritty, dark and gruesome, often making you cringe and squirm.<br /><br />Now since this movie is excellent and we already know that, the DVD sports an amazing amount of supplemental material.  In fact, it needed a second disk to fit it all.  Along with all the supplemental features on the second disk, the first, as 4 feature length commentaries.  This disk is truly astonishing.<br /><br />Overall this disk is a must buy.  An awesome movie with a phenomenal amount of supplemental material you cannot live with out this DVD.
B000002ULO|5.0|Always loved Paul McCartney and always will! This is just more evidence that he is still the man :) This album is folky and soulful. The words are amazing and it just gives you a euphoric high with it's warm melodies. I recommend it... God Bless Paul
B000002UUX|5.0|One of the best thrash albums I've listened to. Instrumental pieces are very well composed. Excellent guitar and drum work. All songs (except Dawn Patrol) are flawless works of art. If you like to listen to songs for the few moments of thrash brilliance, you should buy this CD.
0525945636|4.0|i quite enjoyed ken follet's new book, code to zero.  i've been a fan of his for a while now and have read pretty much everything he's written.  although not quite as elaborate or involved as his other books, this book does not disappoint.  it was fast-paced, exciting and, in general, a good read!  if you're not too fussy about facts and just like a good story, this book is for you!
0767830555|5.0|Travis Bickle is one of the most confused and violent characters ever to grace the screen.  He is an ex-marine who becomes a taxi driver.  He is disgusted by all the filth and scum he sees in New York City, but he drives in the city's worst neighborhoods and picks up the slimiest of characters.  In voice overs, we hear him describe some of the debauchery that goes on in his cab.  He sees a beautiful young woman working in the campaign offices of a Presidential candidate.  He gets up the nerve to ask her out and they go to a luncheonette and have a nice conversation.  Then on another date he takes her to a pornographic movie and she is revolted by this and then spurns him.  One of the heartbreaking scenes in the movie is Travis calling her on a pay phone to apologize.  Martin Scorcese pans away from Travis and shows a long corridor while he is being rejected.  This sends Travis over the edge.  He gets a mohawk and plans an assassination attempt on the candidate which is aborted.  He also meets a 13 year old hooker named Iris.  He can't understand why she subjects herself to this life and why she is with a creepy pimp named Sport.  In the film's bloody climax, Travis kills Sport and ends up in a blood bath while Iris looks on horrified.  Robert De Niro plays Travis as powderkeg waiting to burst.  He lets Travis slowly slide into his own personal hell before finally exploding.  Cybil Shepard is charmingly beautiful as the campaign worker and Albert Brooks provides some levity as her co-worker.  Jodie Foster served noticed as Iris.  She plays the character with seeming self-assurance, but with an underlying fragility an amazing achievement for the then 13 year old.  Peter Boyle plays Wizard, who doles out philosophies on life to Travis, with an all-knowing nature.  Harvey Keitel plays Sport with the right amount heavy handiness and smarm.  The film established Martin Scorcese as a top-flight director.
0784011796|4.0|Being a genius can give you nasty headaches.<br />That simple notion, at the heart of Darren Aronofsky's \\"Pi,\\" defies the complexity of this brilliant little indie thriller. Sean Gullette plays Max Cohen, a mathematics/electronics savant who believes that matter, the world around us - indeed, our very existence - has a pattern to it that can be expressed as a number. Max devotes his life to finding this mysterious 216-digit number.<br />This has two results. First, Max acts weird. He's paranoid, reclusive, disturbed and vigorously anti-social.<br />Second, he's pursued by people (presumably those who have more friends and fewer headaches) who might profit from the number: both Hasidic Jews, who think it's the code to the Torah and signals the coming of the messianic age, and Wall Street fat cats.<br />Is \\"Pi\\" profound or just odd? It's some of both, I suppose, but make no mistake: The film is visually stunning, and has a lot to say about the burden of genius, the quest for knowledge - and maybe even about the existence of God. Betcha can't say that about the latest from Adam Sandler.<br />Health warning: \\"Pi\\" has a throbbing score and is filled with grainy, flickering images. A quick finger on the fast-forward button can help viewers avoid Max-like headaches.
B00004TJKI|5.0|Otto Preminger's Anatomy Of A Murder was considered very controversial at the time of its release in 1959.  The story revolves around a small town lawyer (Jimmy Stewart) defending a young soldier (Ben Gazzara) who is accused of murder.  The defense lies n the fact that Mr. Stewart is trying to prove justifiable homicide as he was reacting to the raping of his wife (Lee Remick).  The subject of rape had never been so openly discussed on film before.  The use of the word panties was considered quite risqu&eacute; at the time.  While today this sort of stuff appears on public television and seems quite tame, if you put yourself back into that more conservative time, you can see the movie is quite steamy.  Aside from the controversy, it is an excellent court room drama with Mr. Stewart at his everyman best.  A young George C. Scott is brash and cocky as the big city lawyer who locks horns with Mr. Stewart, Mr. Gazzara is cool and menacing in his role, Ms. Remick plays the classic femme fatale and Eve Arden plays Mr. Stewart's secretary with wisecracking charm.  Anatomy Of A Murder is compelling and the ending will not disappoint.
B000000WF0|5.0|This CD just is so great that I can hardly describe all the good parts. If you like BSB,N'Sync and all that other teen crap then I suggest not getting this CD but if you are very open to music read on. If you have ever felt that love was just the worse and nobody else understood your pain you have never heard the songs on this CD. One listen to &quot;the drugs dont work&quot; &quot;sonnett&quot; &quot;space and time&quot; and &quot;lucky man&quot;. Will make you instantly connect to Richard Ashcroft. Just the way he sings makes it all so real and not contrived. If you like oasis,radiohead,and even blur you will like this CD, as with the other bands all the songs are from the heart.
0792833236|5.0|Raging Bull established Robert De Niro as the preeminent actor of his generation and one of the best of all-time.  Mr. De Niro doesn't just act the part, he becomes Jake LaMotta.  He explodes off the screen as he takes us through the highs and lows of Mr. LaMotta's life from being middleweight champion of the world to being a second rate lounge act. He is fierce, bitter, angry, touching and becomes somewhat sympathetic near the end. He trained to get into fighting condition and then put on about 100 pounds to play the Mr. LaMotta later in life.  He is simply brilliant. In addition, an 18 year old Cathy Moriarty makes an impressive debut as his abused wife and Joe Pesci, in one of his earliest roles, plays his tormented brother.  Martin Scorcese decided to shoot the movie in black and white (there is a brief scene in color of a LaMotta home movie) and this adds to the film's intensity and darkness.  Mr. De Niro deservedly won the 1980 Best Actor Academy Award, but the film (which many critics site as the best of the 80's) lost out to the bland melodrama Ordinary People and Mr. Scorcese failed to win the best director award, losing to first time director Robert Redford.
B00003CX5A|4.0|Tim Burton clearly enjoys his craft.  Like BATMAN, BEETLEJUICE, and every other Burton feature, everything about SLEEPY HOLLOW looks and feels right.  The colors are slightly washed out, giving the film a creepy, slightly surreal nature; trees don't just grow upward, but rather gnarl themselves into screaming wooden sculptures -- atmosphere and sets are as important as characterization in a Burton piece, and SLEEPY HOLLOW never disappoints in any of these elements.  Like any Burton film, SLEEPY HOLLOW -- as a film -- is well worth owning.  However, SLEEPY HOLLOW as a DVD leaves only a bit to be desired -- due once again to a sub-par Director's Commentary track.<br />I believe filmmaking is, for Burton, an intensely personal experience.  And for this reason, I think Burton -- who seems painfully shy at moments -- has a difficult time discussing such a personal craft comfortably. The Director's commentary for the film, while sometimes interesting, still doesn't provide the viewer with the sort of payoff most are probably looking for and may expect from a visionary like Burton.<br />The commentary certainly has its moments -- such as Burton's constant guffaws at Jeffrey Jones' impossibly huge wig, or his use of the word &quot;amazing&quot; so many times that you'll start counting them -- but if you're looking for some behind-the-scenes moments or discussion of the craft of specific scenes, you won't find much of it here.  Burton nips at the edges -- he does a good job, for instance, talking about some of the actors and his admiration for them -- but those Wow-That's-Really-Interesting moments viewers like to find in director's commentaries are missing.<br />A bit more helpful is the &quot;Behind The Legend&quot; featurette, which shows some of the surprisingly complicated lengths the filmmakers went through to make even some of the smallest moments just right, such as digitizing the faces of skeletons in the flames of a fire.  The featurette also put to rest debates we had in our household about how the crew had pulled off the Headless Horseman bit -- is it a guy in a built up costume?  Is it all special effect?  Or a bit of both?  The featurette will show you.  Good stuff.<br />SLEEPY HOLLOW is Burton at his finest -- his natural tendencies as a filmmaker seem to lean toward this kind of creepy period piece -- but the craft Burton puts into his film doesn't come through on the commentary track.  It's a shame, because Burton is clearly trying to put into words his enthusiasm for his film.  He just never quite gets there.  Fortunately, while Burton's gifts aren't readily apparent on the commentary, they are in full display in the film itself.<br />Five stars for the film itself, but the director's commentary (like his commentary for PEE-WEE'S BIG ADVENTURE) pulls the overall rating for this one down just a notch to a four.had in our household about how the crew had pulled off the Headless Horseman bit -- is it a guy in a built up costume?  Is it all special effect?  Or a bit of both?  The featurette will show you.  Good stuff.<br />SLEEPY HOLLOW is Burton at his finest -- his natural tendencies as a filmmaker seem to lean toward this kind of creepy period piece -- but the craft Burton puts into his film doesn't come through on the commentary track.  It's a shame, because Burton is clearly trying to put into words his enthusiasm for his film.  He just never quite gets there.  Fortunately, while Burton's gifts aren't readily apparent on the commentary, they are in full display in the film itself.<br />Five stars for the film itself, but the director's commentary (like his commentary for PEE-WEE'S BIG ADVENTURE) pulls the overall rating for this one down just a notch to a four.
0790729725|5.0|Martin Scorcese has directed many cinematic masterpieces, with Goodfellas being the best in his storied career.  Based on true story of mobster turned snitch, Henry Hill, the movie moves from Henry's teenage years as a fledgling to his rise in ranks to his ultimate downfall.  Shot at a frenetic pace and mixing violence and a weird sense of humor, the film takes us on a roller coaster ride.  Ray Liotta play Henry and he narrates the film along with his wife Karen, played by Lorraine Bracco.  Mr. Liotta plays Henry as guy whom simply loves the life he leads.  What could be better than being in the mob, the money, the women, the drugs, the respect.  He can't understand how anyone could work in a boring 9-5 job.  Ms. Bracco is annoyingly good as the nagging wife from a Jewish family who is thrown into the Italian culture.  Joe Pesci plays Tommy DeVito who is another hood.  Tommy is basically a psychotic killer and Mr. Pesci plays him with a manic humor.  Robert De Niro is Jimmy Burke, who as Henry says, just loves to steal.  He ends up becoming paranoid after committing the biggest heist in history.  Paul Sorvino is Paulie, the family's leader and he plays him with the attitude and walk of a man who is worthy of the immense respect he gets. No movie has ever incorporated music into scenes as well as Mr. Scorcese does here. Whether it's Donovan's &quot;Atlantis&quot; playing during the beating of a man or the piano coda from &quot;Layla&quot; played when bodies of people Jimmy had knocked off are found, the music truly sets the scene.  Again, as it did ten years prior, the Academy gave the best director award to an actor turned first-time director.  This time Kevin Coster won for the overbearing Dances With Wolves and Mr. Scorcese was deprived of an award he so richly deserved.
B000003TA4|5.0|This cd started it all... this is the cd... One of the greatest, respectable, revolutionary.......  well you know.. Makes me sad to see a band die... when most bands today don't even write their own lyrics anymore..  ROCK LIVES!!  and 10 years later this cd is still hard..
B00003CXAT|5.0|Jurassic Park was one of the first movies to use computer animation to create special effects.  The sight of seeing life-like dinosaurs roaming across the screen was a visual and technological marvel.  The plot of the film and its dialogue are thin and slight at best, but they are really secondary to the effects.  Watching the T. Rex storm across the screen is mesmerizing and the Raptors are among the scariest screen villains ever.  Stephen Spielberg is the master at this genre and he deftly guides through the suspense and tension of the film until its dramatic climax.  The DVD version conveys the sound and feel of the theater experience.  A must have for your collection.
0446343129|5.0|I am not usually a big fan of non-fiction, self help type books, but I could not put this one down.  What I liked most was the unique approach of this book.  Rather than alot of abstract opinions, this is more of a history of the evolution of refined sugar and the effect it has had on humanity.  The author sited case after case of illness and disease due to the intake of sugar, but in an easy to read and very interesting format.  Even if you are not ready to make major changes in your life or diet, I would recommend reading this book.  It's an eye opening experience!
B00004U8P9|5.0|The Rocky Horror Picture Show is the biggest cult movie in history.  A major part of the movie's appeal is the audience participation from dressing up like movie characters, singing along, using props and responding with lines.  While you can never recreate this experience at home, this excellent 25th Anniversary disk does all it can to try and come close.  You can choose a mode that has all the audience commentary, it gives you cues as to what to do in a particular scene and lyrics.  The DVD also has the original UK version with the full &quot;Super Heroes&quot; scene.  The film is better known for its audience antics, but the actors give gleefully campy and funny performances.  Tim Curry is marvelous as the sweet transvestite, Dr. Frank N Furter.  He camps around the screen with mock superiority.  Barry Bostwick deliberately overacts as the rigid Brad Majors and Susan Sarandon plays the doe-eyed innocent Janet Weiss.  Rocky Horror creator Richard O'Brian plays the handyman Riff Raff in a stiff and monotonic manner reminiscent of Lurch from the Addams Family.  The movie is just plain fun.
B000051VWW|1.0|What a bummer. Long after the subtle, brilliant &quot;Love Deluxe,&quot; Sade returns with this lukewarm snore-fest. The percussion is barely there, and the rhythm section seems fast asleep. Two, maybe three songs have a discernable pulse, but the overall album is drowsy and mediocre. She's capable of so much more.
B00004YZFR|5.0|The Rolling Stones 1969 tour of America brought about significant change to the culture.  After Woodstock, the counterculture in America was at its all-time peak.  The festival helped show a nation that the hippie ideal could work as hundreds of thousands got together for three days and co-existed in a state of love, peace and happiness.  The Stones free concert at Altamont Speedway in California was supposed to be the Woodstock for the West Coast.  The scene that unfolded at the concert helped bring all those feelings to a crashing halt.  Marred by violence and death, the show shattered the ideal and in many ways marked the end of the 60's and an era and brought about the me generation of the 70's.  Gimme Shelter is a documentary of the tour and specifically the Altamont concert.  We go behind the scenes and see in chilling detail the events that unfold leading up to the concert.  This release is exceptional as we get never before released footage and the 40 plus page booklet would be worth buying by itself.
B00003CWN3|5.0|Based on a true story, &quot;Boys Don't Cry&quot; will keep you riveted to your seat.  Hillary Swank is brilliant and incredibly believable as Brandon Teena, a troubled girl going through a \\"sexual identity crisis\\".  With Chloe Sevigny as Brandon's girlfriend Lana, you will follow these two through a tragically romantic tale of love, strength and courage.  This movie will touch you deeply as the heartbreaking final scenes unfold.  This is one movie you will not soon forget!
B00003CX95|5.0|Don't you love movies like this?  Movies with soul?  No matter how many times you watch it, you can't help but be sucked in. The quality of the transfer is very good, the aspect ratio is great and the soundtrack sounds awesome in the HiFi.  Buy it!
051788710X|5.0|I've been doing dream work for 11 years now and this book is simply the best available in my opinion.  Moss empowers dreamers and teaches no-nonsense ways of working with and understanding dreams.  I value this book so much I regularly use it in my career counseling work and as host of Midlife Careers on Bella Online.  If you're new to dream work, this book is a must.  If you're a veteran, you'll appreciate its richness and great writing.
B000050XEI|5.0|I have quickly fallen in love with Enya's latest CD. It seems like her last few have started to blend together into the same sound. But just as &quot;Storms in Africa&quot; and &quot;Orinoco Flow&quot; quickly became favorites of mine on Watermark, and like &quot;Caribbean Blue&quot; stands out on Shepherd Moons, so do &quot;Wild Child&quot; and &quot;Flora's Secret&quot; and &quot;One by One&quot; on this album. What makes this different from her recent works, in my opinion, is how these standouts blend so well with the other tracks to become a cohesive work of art. One can really appreciate her artistry by listening to the entire disc from start to finish. I especially like how &quot;Tempus Vernum&quot; with its haunting strings and rhythm flows right into a more calming and beautiful &quot;Deora Ar Mo Chrio.&quot; This is one that any Enya enthusiast must have, and a worthy first CD for anyone who wants to jump in!
0452277752|4.0|Before even taking this book out from the library, I had already read both 'The Long Walk' and 'The Running Man', and both are in my collection. I enjoyed these two novels, and in fact, they are high on my list of King's best books. ('Salem's Lot being the best.) However, I got this book for 'Rage' and 'Roadwork', and was both disappointed and satisfied. Here's why:<br />I started with 'Rage' because it was the first in the book and I hadn't alredy read it. It started off all right, but something about Charlie--the main character who is insane--didn't seem right. I don't believe after attacking another student, they would allow him to stay at school, but that's what you get. The novel is short and has equally small chapters, but it seemed too strange somehow. I finished it but did not enjoy it very much. (The fact that he was killing in cold blood for no reason seemed odd for a King story. I am used to some strange ability or gift, not this. But, oh well.) <br />I moved on to 'Roadwork'. I read it, and unlike other King books, the story took too long to develope. I continued on, however, and enjoyed the ending. Well, it could have been better, but it wasn't bad. So here's my opinion: if you're looking to buy this, make sure you enjoy at least 'Rage' or 'Roadwork' first. If you're still not sure, just buy 'Running Man' and 'Walk' separately. You'll save some money and be happier than having two other books you'll never read. My opinion is this: it got four stars because of the middle two novels...they are excellent and could only be the work of the one and only Stephen King.
B000002KC5|5.0|After one of those really long days, all you need is a glass of whisky, a comfortable couch and this album playing loud enough to drown out the annoyances of the rest of the world.  I'm no redneck, and I'm not from the South.  This album is just damn good.
B000050XEI|4.0|I heard this music first while shopping in a bookstore, with the second second songs pulling me over to the information desk.  I normally like Rock and Roll, but found this music just right as background music to read or think-by.  I would recommend this title to students - good music to study to, and artists - it is excellent mood music.  Enjoy something which is really different and of high quality.
0679777547|5.0|Reminded me of Eco and Borges. Much better than the movie version -- if you've seen the movie.
B000050XEI|4.0|I heard this music first while shopping in a bookstore, with the second second songs pulling me over to the information desk.  I normally like Rock and Roll, but found this music just right as background music to read or think-by.  I would recommend this title to students - good music to study to, and artists - it is excellent mood music.  Enjoy something which is really different and of high quality.
B00004YA66|4.0|&quot;Frequency&quot; is one of the year's best films and unfortunately, will go unnoticed in 2000.  It's a touching, first rate drama that combines science fiction and family drama via a ham radio. Caviezel plays John Sullivan, an NYPD detective who contacts his dad, Frank Sullivan (Quaid) thirty years into the past. As a result, their contact results in a trigger effect of events that will affect both their lives and they've got to do something about it. My mother said she loved the film because it's about the bond between a father and son. Everyone I've talked to has something positive to say about &quot;Frequency&quot; and when I finally saw it, I loved it. It touches on the subject of father and son working as a team and trying to race against time. One review said &quot;Frequency&quot; is finally an excuse for grown men to cry because of it's story. &quot;Frequency&quot; is definitely a film you should see with your dad and your mom regardless because it's a very touching film that tugs the heart strings. Quaid is always good at playing Everyman characters that people can identify with an audience and Caviezel shows his talent as John. Definitely a film worth watching.
B00004Y6Q5|5.0|Clint Mansell has composed some of the most heart-pounding music ever.  It takes you back to the film.  It intensifies the desent- it's one of the most powerful things I've ever heard.  It's worth, 10 fold, the 18 dollars spent.
0446677450|5.0|If I had only one &quot;money&quot; book I could recommend to someone, it would be this book. It's advice is rock solid.
B000050FEN|5.0|David FIncher's &quot;Se7en&quot; finally comes to the home theater audience in a presentation that is a tribute to all the people involved! This 2-disc set replaces the old New Line disc that required you to flip the disc at a certain point. I thought laserdisc was dead? Anyway, as the supplemental disc details, the picture and sound have been reworked for this brilliant, atmospheric film.  I'm glad I didn't buckle under and buy the first version. My patience was rewarded many times over! After listening to the piece on the remastering of the film for home theater, you can see all the attention paid to the transfer of the film. And the biggest surprise is not only the beautiful picture, but the incredible DTS-ES(6.1) soundtrack on the disc! When will more studios release material with DTS soundtracks? (Are you listening Paramount? Braveheart would sound awesome with DTS!) The movie has never sounded better! People who have seen this movie previously know what it's about. And the people who haven't, should rent this disc and catch one of the best movies ever made. Fincher's use of lighting is incredible and now with the crisper transfer, the movie becomes even more foreboding. The chase scene through the apartment building has become the standard for all other chase scenes in future movies. The cinematography is second to none. Now, I know all of you people have heard this said about movies before, rented the movie, and then been completely bored with the characters.  I will not lie to you. The movie is dark, unsettling, and fierce. To say the least...But, it contains some very excellent performances by Pitt, Freeman, and another actor who showed guts by going uncredited on the box and in the trailers. The characters are fleshed out and intriguing. The best example of this is when Pitt tells Freeman off in a bar and goes home to his wife. You can see the uncertainty in Pitt's character as he tries to stand behind what he just told Freeman's character. The film thencuts to a disturbed Freeman who knows what Pitt told him is true even though he doesn't want to believe it. These little scenes pull the audience into the lives of these characters and make you feel like you know them. I will not disclose that info here and I hope my fellow reviewers show the same courtesy. This movie is great and every part of it has been tweaked to perfection, and after &quot;Fight Club&quot; one can only hope for more from Fincher. The man has talent as is evident on the screen. I hope everyone checks this particular disc out.<br />(The features are listed in the technical info section of this page. [....]
0316777722|5.0|This book was one of the best I had read in a long time.  It was funny and sad and beautiful and you couldn't help laughing out loud.  My favorite essays were the ones that took place in France, which I felt were perfect in describing the way one feels when they are transplanted in a new place.
0517122707|5.0|It is certainly the funniest book I have ever read, and one of the best books ever written.
0517122707|5.0|You either &quot;get it&quot;, or you don't.  Some people will walk away from this great book shaking their heads with incomprehension, &quot;how is this a great book?&quot;, they'll mutter to themselves. <br />Like parents from 35 years ago who couldn't understand what the attraction was with 4 guys with long hair from Liverpool- those &quot;who don't get it&quot; will be puzzled at joy of those who do.<br />This book is a great way to make friends- those who &quot;get it&quot;, not only share a love at poking fun at the absurdities of life, they are simply more aware of what the true absurdities are.<br />I am tempted to suggest that the like or dislike of this novel is the best indicator of one's intellectual and emotional acumen.  If you truly think you're brilliant or wise- read this book.  If you don't like it, let me be the first to tell you that you are either an intellectual midget or a PC zealot, or both.
6305909326|1.0|As an avid film-watcher, I have seen my share of bad movies.  Roman Polanski's &quot;The Ninth Gate&quot;, however, ranks among the worst I have ever seen.  The plot had so much potential, which simply went unexploited and failed to even create mild interest.  The film is bland and fails in all areas that it seemed to target: suspense, intrigue, and the supernatural, among others.  In short, avoid the movie; it is not even worth the rental fee.
6300216039|5.0|&quot;Romeo and Juliet&quot; directed by Franco Zeffirelli is the most true version of the classic Shakespear story. This story follows along so closely that you could take a scene and follow it along word for word in the book. In the beginning it feels like it is going to be another sappy love movie but when later find out that it is not typical of all love stories. I think that the director did an excellent job at showing the original story written by Shakespear. We see the same actions that are protrayed by Romeo in most love stories but the sneaking around by Romeo and Juliet makes it much more exciting than any normal sappy love film seen now days. As I get older, I realize that there is no true &quot;Romeo&quot; out there for me. We can all hope to find our &quot;Romeo&quot; but for most of us this is never going to happen. Romeo is shown as a character that dreams a lot. While the typical men of the town were out sword fighting Romeo was out picking flowers and chasing girls. Juliet is shown as more of an ignorant girl. She is out doing the typical girlish things. The relationship that Romeo and Juliet had is very unbelievable in the standards set today. Back in the days, when marriage happened at an early age, this situation seemed very realistic. The way Juliet and Romeo were sneaking around behind there parents back just to see each other was so sweet. While their familes forbidded them from being together they risked getting in trouble from there parents just to see each other. The nurse of Juliet is the only person who knows about Romeo and Juliet and their secret love for each other. I could not believe the fact that Romeo and Juliet went behind their families backs and got married. I think that if their parents would have known the truth about them it might have started a bigger fight than was already taking place. Just throughtout the film we see some of the family members die. Just because they are trying to protect their own families from each other. The only real thing that sets this story far from other love stories is the fact that Romeo and Juliet do not get to live happily ever after like the typical love story. I think that when Romeo sees his love laying there appearing to be dead, the shock of it being Juliet was enought to motivate himself to kill himself. Then when she awakes and sees her love dead she also deceides to kill herself. So the question can be asked to if they were really in love or was it just a little crush which lead them to think that it was true love. The way that this story was portrayed was incredible. I think they were in love but not in way that would last them for a lifetime. I really enjoyed this movie and I especially like it when they can take a story like this and make it into a movie that is extremely close to the original story.
0790729628|5.0|Maybe the worst mistake in the history of film-making was releasing &quot;Blade Runner&quot; with a 'happy' ending.  The ending in the theatrical version basically destroyed much of the meaning of the movie.  Fortunately, Ridley Scott saw to it that there was a video release of the 'real,' restored ending, which is this, the director's cut.<br />This movie is one of the most impressive movies ever made.  It combines a great plot, awesome acting, deep characters and spectacular special effects.  Put simply, there is nothing wrong with this movie, and everything is very right.  Harrison Ford deliver's the performance of a lifetime, and is complimented nicely by Sean Young.  But Rutger Hauer steals the show providing some of the finest acting ever captured on film.  Toss in some wonderful visual effects and cinematography, and you've got the greatest sci-fi movie ever (no offense to &quot;Star Wars&quot; fans).<br />So get this movie, and be amazed.  If you've only seen the theatrical version, get this director's cut and see what its really about.
B0000020T3|5.0|When San Francisco's Flamin Groovies went to London to reinvent themselves as neo-mods in the early 70s they teamed up with Dave Edmunds to create one of my all-time and forever top-ten favorite albums. Driving rhythm and classic tunes abound here but the at core of the disc (for me) are the exquisite three-guitar arrangements. Subtle and dense at the same time. Listen to the guitars on  &quot;Don't You Lie to Me&quot; or &quot;Shake Some Action.&quot; Brilliant. Kudos to both Groovie Cyril Jordan and producer Edmunds.  The San Francisco Groovies were cool; greasy and rockin, and the later London Groovie albums have their moments but this one is a masterpiece. Put five plus marks behind my five stars!
B00001NFCY|5.0|Defined by its two greatest hits, Higher and Arms Wide Open, Human Clay is a great album.  It has at least 4 hits on it and hardly any dissapointments.  It is a wonderful combination (the best I've heard other than their other album) of rock and Christian music... this coming from a person who is very high on acappella Christian music.
0671034065|5.0|I could not put the book down!  This was a great book and Linda Howard totally redeems herself after &quot;All the Queen's Men&quot;.  This book had it all - mystery, romance, and hot sex.  I loved the plot, and the ending was totally unexpected!  I can't wait for her next book, and I hope that she continues writing them this way instead of just dark mystery like &quot;All the Queen's Men&quot;
B00003CWL6|5.0|A movie that everyone can relate to with a little thought.  High replay value.
B00002DE2L|3.0|There has been an embarrasment of richs regarding The Four Seasons of late.  There are three new versions worth looking at.  To my mind this is the least of the three.  The recording mix places the soloist far back and seems to favor the the very able Trondheim Soloists backing Ms. Mutter.  Fine for background music, but few fireworks.  Folks who love this music are strongly urged to look at Gil Sham's supberb new version on this same label and Giulano Carmignola's absolutely stunning version on the Sony Classical label.  This latter may be one of the very finest classical recordings ever made.
0399146253|4.0|Ok I read some reviews when the book first came out and I wasn't sure if I was going to buy this book based on what people were saying, so I decided to ask for it for christmas and let someone else pay for it.  I must say I found myself wandering for the first half of the book, but I could not put it down.  Like most people once I start a book I have to finish it, you never know it might get better.  Although I found myself lost a few times with the references to the Black Notice and sometimes wonder if I should stop and reread it, I was able to finish. This is not one of Cromwells best, with all the repeating and confusion, I am excited for the next book to find where Kay ends up, where Jay and Bev will show up next (because you know they will), and where Marino goes now that Kay has left her job.  I have read every Cromwell book and will await her next, I only hope everything starts fresh and new so there is not a lot of backtracking.
6305538018|2.0|I've enjoyed several other Cronenberg films but Existenz really didn't do much for me. Maybe this was intentional, but the dialogue was really stilted, and the acting--stiff, unrealistic, without any real passion--turned me off. Existenz's protagonists speak in this slightly off dialogue that reminded me a bit of the futuristic lingo in Aeon Flux, but in this case it just came off silly. Watching this in the theater, I wasn't the only person chuckling at some of the unintentionally bad one-liners... <br />What sort of irritated me about Existenz, and a lot of what I'd call &quot;art film,&quot; is that it seems to substitute &quot;meaninglessness&quot; for &quot;ambiguity.&quot; In other words, the movie throws in a few visual flashes and C's trademark weirdness for no other reason than to be &quot;different,&quot; and then expects the viewer to attribute some sort of deep meaning to what's going on, when it's really just an exercise in stylistic excess. I've noticed this in some of David Lynch's film, and it's a habit that makes Existenz a little annoying and even condescending to the viewer. <br />Anyway, I've heard the film compared to the Matrix, and the overarching theme (confusion between virtual reality and actual reality) is there, but the non-linear plot seems like it's there just to serve the visuals--namely some strange physical weaponry, a couple interesting settings, a few murders, maybe one steamy sexual scene. It reminded me more of Videodrome, a much better Cronenberg film that managed to hit on all of the themes of Existenz (technology, virtual reality, sexuality) plus quite a few more (moral decay, societal corruption, S&amp;M, voyeurism, etc.). <br />Videodrome is, in my opinion, a lot more interesting visually, it has much more resonance and was just a flat-out more entertaining and satisfying flick. It's not that I didn't like Existenz, but it's sort of like Inferno is to Dario Argento's Suspiria--basically an inferior copy of a much better movie by the same director. Existenz is worth renting if you aren't familiar with Cronenberg or are a big fan/completist, but Videodrome is the real deal.
B00004RHZU|5.0|I think that this is one of the greatest CD's I've ever purchased! It is great for different tastes, personalites, and the whole family. Pink is a great singer and uses her voice in a positive way. I just recieved the CD two days ago and have been listening to it day and night. I couldn't recommend a better album. I love this CD and I don't get tired of listening to it like most of my other CD's. Pink - Can't Take Me Home should be a CD that everyone should have. Especially if you heard one of her songs on the radio and don't want to give the rest of the CD a chance!
6304119046|5.0|Citizen Kane has been considered one of the best movies to come out of the black and white era, much less of all time.  It also is probably the top of Orson Well's movie career.  <br />The movie starts off with a distant fog haunting over the famed gothic castle, \\"Xanadu\\".  Moving past fences, and gates it goes to show how private and closed the star of the show, Charles Foster Kane, really is.  Moving toward the castle you get a glimpse of Mr. Kane.  Then you see him take his last breath and mumble the famous word, \\"Rosebud\\".  This word is then the basis of the whole movie.  <br />It then jumps to a newsroom, with a crew watching a documentary on Kane.  They feel like something is missing from it that would give it the edge it needed.  They then thought that if they knew what this \\"Rosebud\\" meant that possibly they could get the upper hand on the news and make some serious money.   So the case is afoot.  <br />Soon a reporter is going all over the country, talking to friends, family, and ex-employees to possibly get a hint of what this \\"rosebud\\" is.  <br />The film is made with multiple flashbacks that are introduced by the men and women that the reporter is interviewing.  Going back to his childhood and how he ended up in the money, all the way until his political career is destroyed by a careless affair, and ending with his wife leaving him.  <br />Kane's life is filled with highs and lows.  Disappointments have made him hard, and good times give him an arrogance that made his role in the film very eye appealing.  I felt that this movie was extremely well done.  It caught my attention from start to finish.  It was put together in such a way that it left people wanting to know even more about this fictitious, larger than life character.  <br />I don't know if one can say enough about this movie.  It was in black and white, which usually kind of bothers me, but I thought it really helped add the necessary film fundamentals that encompass the viewer to the point ofquestioning ones reality.  <br />This film, though fiction is also a semi-direct representation of a real life character.  William Randolph Hearst was a man living in same time as the movie came out.  He was greatly offended by the similarities portrayed in the movie.  Though Hearst tried to use his power to get \\"Kane\\" out of the theatres before it started, he failed.  But the after shocks of Hearst's outrage hit Welles' career hard.  The film was up for nine Academy Awards, but only receive one.  And after \\"Kane\\" there was a gradual downfall in Welles career up until he died in 1985.  <br />I thought this movie was great.  I don't always like old movies, but this one was superb.  I hope all of you feel the same way.  Please, check it out, you wont be disappointed.  <br />David Johnson
0380002930|5.0|i will keep this short.  I am a 16 year old senior in high school and read this last year. I had to read it for my english class and thought i was going to be bored to death with the story of rabbits. I am the person that dislikes reading and never finishes the whole book. Well to my amazement i was really glad that i read it. Watership down is one of the very few books that i have completly finished. Im not going to tell you the actual plot because i want you to read it and be surprised at how great it is. I guarentee you that you will love it.
B000002UA9|5.0|This is the original English release on EMI/Parlaphone, and thus began the Beatles Climb to fame.  While the US got their first shot in 1964, some of these recordings go back to 1962-1963.<br />This album is better than it US counterpart(s), except I would like to get copies of the Stereo masters. This album is in MONO.<br />The orgininals are here, and all pre-date &quot; I Want To Hold Your Hand&quot;, such as &quot;I Saw Her Standing There&quot;, &quot;Please Please Me&quot;, &quot;Love Me Do&quot;, &quot;There's A Place&quot;  and &quot;P. S. I Love You&quot;. The &quot;covers&quot; are here to, with the best being &quot;Twist and Shout&quot; which was top 40 TWICE on the Billboard charts! The covers include &quot;Misery&quot;, the Cookies &quot;Chains&quot;,the Shirelles &quot;Baby Its You and some others.<br />Overall, a rock artifact. For a Beatles fan, a must-- simply a requirement-a must have. For the Oldies DJ, are you KIDDING???? You have to ASK???<br />Where else can you find a early sixties album with more than 5 singles on it???  Buy it!
B0000507R0|5.0|I used to secretly listen to this album as a teenager - my friends thought I was nuts.  And over the years, I've pulled out the digital CD remaster now and then, memories drifting back to late evenings with the headphones on under the bed covers.<br />But this DVD audio release is utterly amazing!  I'm listening to it with a standard DVD player and a decent Dolby Digital 5.1 system, and I can't believe my ears!  This version sounds like it was recorded months ago, not 27 years ago.  If you are at all an ELP fan, buy this DVD and skip the headphones - just crank it up and SMILE!<br />BTW, the only drawback to running this format on a DVD video player is that the fast forward/reverse scanning functions don't work.  You can skip from track to track, but can't scan to find the best tidbits.  Oh well - I'm just so happy that I'm playing it in its entirety anyway!
B00004UEDR|3.0|I didn't want to see &quot;28 Days&quot; in which Sandra Bullock plays a writer with a pill and booze problem sentenced to rehab.  Much of the film - in which Bullock is the only really recognizable face - seems to be what I expected, but I enjoyed it despite myself.  Surviving what could have been a fatal DWI accident, Gwen is sentenced to Rehab in some upstate facility that seems pretty nice to anybody not in immediate need of chemical stimulation.  Cigarettes are about the closest items of sin permitted, and even they're subject to war-time rations.<br />The directors keep the focus on Gwen, Sandra's charachter, but they compensate by restraining the urge to reduce her fellow patients into one-note charachters good only for comic relief.  Some of the best charachters seem both funny and sad at the same time.  Gwen's need for perpetual stimulation stem, not suprisingly, from her mother, a manic alcoholic in her own day.  Flashback scenes in which a younger Gwen and Mom sled down snowy hills would seem hysterical, that is until the moment we see the oncoming cars.<br />Gwen's and her friends' addictions come in all different categories - though most seem to share shameless addictions to simple things like &quot;Santa Cruz&quot;, a vile soap opera, fatalism and a brooding unwillingness to admit their problems.  The challenge of the story is getting past the obvious addictions to the ones that really make these charachters weaker people but stronger charachters.  For Gwen, the addiction is to anything that keeps the world from slowing down enough to reveal its bleakness.  When Gwen's mother took a break from the party, she could be found napping on the kitchen floor, dreaming of a liver that worked.  Robbed of her pills and her beer, Gwen handles the slowdown of withdrawl badly.  Breaking her leg, Gwen wakes in the Clinic's infirmary, looking at her own reflection as if it were a stranger's - she looks ugly!  If they could hand out Oscar's for the best split second of self-realization, Bullock would win for that moment alone.
0375703764|5.0|Imagine yourself in the Kingdome stadium, sitting in the bleachers ALONE, the only one in the whole building, and the lights go out, and it is darker than PITCH BLACK, so dark you can't believe you're alive, and then the concrete steps all around you start to twist and elongate and the bleachers begin to shake and fold beneath you, trapping you in one place.  Then it stops, and it is quiet for a long time.  You are so scared you don't even breathe, until a low growl emerges in the distance, gets slowly louder and stronger until it is right beside you and tears through your body like FIRE.  <br />This is kind of like reading the House of Leaves.  It begins with very strange anomolies of physics within a solitary house at the end of Ash Tree Lane, somewhere in Virginia.  The walls stretch, small rooms suddenly appear where there was just a wall before, and the outside dimensions of the house are SMALLER than the inside dimensions.  <br />Will Navidson, a world-class photojournalist, lives there with his family, and although they are an adventurous and wickedly INTELLIGENT bunch, they haven't good enough humour to put up with the unknown horrors contained in their new home.  After Will discovers the closet in the living room is not really a closet, but a hallway into a phenomenally large, black network of tunnels and caverns, the family unit splinters.  Although it is tearing his family apart, Will cannot stop going into the forbidden labyrinth and FILMING.  He hires some master-explorers to go in with him and they have a two week adventure that puts the best Steven King and Clive Barker to shame.  What happens to them is so exciting and tense, the reading experience is UNPRECEDENTED. <br />The cool thing about this book is the multiform approach to the material.  Danielewski isn't afraid to confront this story head-on with in-depth psychological analyses of the characters, profound historical examinations of the house and its implications, cultural dissections of thestory being written and the film contained in it, relentless scientific exploration into the mineralogical makeup of the structure itself, and maddeningly thorough explanations of the paranormal possibilities of the house and what happens in it.  One of the dozens of alternate solutions to the puzzle of the house, is that it is a gateway into a parallel universe, with its own physical laws, and another is that it is actually the &quot;house of many rooms&quot; that Jesus described in the new testament.  <br />All of these approaches are given equal gravity in the story, and all are written with humour and a kind of cleverness that would put the literary marvel David Foster Wallace to shame.  Danielewski is downright uncanny in his linguistic talent, and also quite effective with the emotional depth of the material.  The only downfall is the length.  He goes too far in some sections, especially the psychological sketches.  <br />This book is amazing, you can get lost in it just like in the labyrinth it describes.  There's enough material in the footnotes and annotations alone for a complete novel.  Be careful, though, and make sure you have a safe place to read it- it makes you feel like you're being hunted...
0380788624|5.0|Stephenson has finally found a way to make his love of explanations and equations pay off: in &quot;Snow Crash&quot; and &quot;The Diamond Age&quot; it tended to get a little tedious and long-winded at times, but in this book it's perfect because we're dealing with cryptology, war history, and current communications technology. But Stephenson loves these topics so much that it isn't a chore for those who don't know or don't care. He doesn't spend too long on them, moves along quickly, and always keeps his eyes on the road: the metaphors and techie explanations become relevant within a few moments.<br />The book has three main characters, two during World War II in various theaters all over the world and one in the modern day Internet business. Bobby Shaftoe, one of the greatest characters in modern fiction, is the perfect Marine and salutes as crisply as Douglas MacArthur. He's tapped to lead a crew of grunts around the world in various operations designed to fool the Germans into thinking the Americans HAVEN'T already broken their Enigma code. Meanwhile Lawrence Waterhouse, a blindingly brilliant mathematician and cryptographer, is engaged in breaking more codes and helping to determine just how many clues the Germans would need to figure out that Enigma had been broken. In the present, Randy Waterhouse, Lawrence's grandson, is engaged in setting up a new business which involves establishing a data haven (information wants to be free) on a tiny island near Manila, where he contracts with a steely deep-sea cable businesswoman named Shaftoe...<br />The prose is tight, fun and witty. Just about every sentence is quotable, despite the fact that there are thousands of them. Stephenson knows just where this world is and where it's going, and the WWII segments of this novel prove that he knows where it's been as well. The most fascinating aspect is the constant reminder that even though electronic cash may have a bright future, it will still need to be backed by real value; resulting in the story centering around that most physical and irreducible of all substances: Gold.<br />The novel itself is a gold brick, a delight to hold and read, proving its own argument that no matter how clever you are with code (and Randy Waterhouse sure is good with code), the tangible world will still obtain at the most basic level.e; resulting in the story centering around that most physical and irreducible of all substances: Gold.<br />The novel itself is a gold brick, a delight to hold and read, proving its own argument that no matter how clever you are with code (and Randy Waterhouse sure is good with code), the tangible world will still obtain at the most basic level.
068818071X|4.0|Rachel's Holiday is a really great read.  How Marian Keyes manages to write about drug and alcohol addiction without harrowing or trivializing is a wonder.  This book is funny, sexy, sharp and fast.  And though the plot hold no surprises Rachel has an journey of self awareness to which many could relate.  Its a chicks book, but a good one....
0385493622|5.0|When Andrew Wile came through with his proof in 1993, I was flabbergasted.  In my undergraduate and graduate days, this was it, THE prize in mathematics.  The fact that there are two popular accounts on this topic is a tribute to how special an achievement proving Fermat's Last Theorem has become.  Prior to to the solution, there is at least one book for the layman that Eric T. Bell had written that illustrates the difficulty of the problem.<br />The achievement must be placed in historical context in order to better appreciate the amount of work and innovation it took to finally prove the theorem.<br />Both Singh and Amir Aczel wrote very good accounts of the process of solving the problem.  They both did a good job of summarizing the history of the problem, they followed through with the building of the solution through each time consuming pain staking step.  Indeed the solution is a literal accumulation of important results from many mathematical developments from over the past century.  Each one of the steps illuminating the path toward the final proof.  The solution encapsulates some of the most innovative solutions to mathematical problems that are seemingly unrelated to Fermat's Last Theorem.<br />It seems to me that Singh did a more thorough job of explaining the proof.  The pace was a bit more leisurely and collegial.  Aczel's account seemed more rushed, less considered, and had more of a rush to publish flavor.  Not that is was a bad account.<br />I think that Singh had a more thorough understanding of the history of the problem because he took more time to set up the problem in its historical context.  His explanations were also more detailed and better thought out for us amateur mathematician, who understand the fundamentals but not the details of rigourous proof.<br />Regardless, it was a treat to read and gave me a rush of discovery that usually comes with finishing a good murder mystery rather than an account of a mathematical achievement.
B000002552|5.0|I hate to be grateful for a motorcycle crash, but if Bob Dylan hadn't torn himself up in 1967, he would have never holed up with Robby, Rick, Levon, and the rest of the gang.<br />The point is that he did, and two albums of some of the strangest, most irresistible down-home rock and roll ever created came into being.<br />Many Dylan and/or Hawks fans impatiently awaited the eventual release of this stuff eight years after the fact, but I, just a kid, was blissfully unaware of it. I uncovered this gem in 1979, having read a reference to it in a Rolling Stone interview with Neil Young.<br />What makes this album great? Just this: I have listened to it at least 1000 times, and I'm ready to do it again. I can list maybe another dozen albums that have this rare timeless quality (in fact, if you like, take a look at a recent attempt to do so at [...]<br />&quot;Bessie Smith&quot; turned me onto 1930's Blues. &quot;Katie's Been Gone,&quot; &quot;Tears of Rage,&quot; &quot;This Wheel's On Fire,&quot; indeed every single song on this remarkable collection keep running through my mind (and yours, if you'll give it a listen). <br />These guys took an old work chant (Ain't No More Cane), a handful of bizarre ramblings (A Clothes Line Saga, Yea! Heavy and a Bottle of Bread, Lo and Behold), the occasionally sweetly sentimental tune (Apple Suckling Tree), a smattering of hard blues (Orange Juice Blues, Long Distance Operator), as well as other stuff too &quot;left field&quot; to classify.<br />The lyrics are sometimes ribald, sometimes touching, sometimes nonsensical, always imaginative. The instrumental accompaniment is immaculate (Garth Hudson's organ playing on &quot;Apple Suckling Tree&quot; has to be heard to be believed). The recording quality is not as bad as has often been described. Think Woodstock. The occasional feedback squeals and such were described as &quot;like flaws in fine leather.&quot; No feedback problems here, just a lack of high treble and low bass.<br />Allin all, if you are a fan of stripped-back rock/folk/blues/etc., buy this album.
B000002UA0|2.0|Well im not going to say i am totally disapointed, but this sounds like roger waters wrote the album and then the beatles performed it. compared to anamals and dark side this is a joke
0684833395|1.0|The most overrated book I've ever read. Catch 22 is filled with unfunny, Abbott and Costello-like &quot;Who's on First?&quot; dialogue that goes nowhere. Remember those old war movies wherein the acting was overly sappy and sub par? Well that's Catch 22. You'll find yourself getting the point, and tortuously trudging through several pages for the point to be complete.  <br />A must read for insomniacs.
B0000089N1|3.0|A step down from the last album...even the first one too! The production isn't too fantastic but is a dramatic improvement to the first. &quot;Waking Up Beside You&quot; is definitely the emphisis track here...other than that,it's really not too special.
6304936303|5.0|I don't know what Jeff Shannon is smoking, but his &quot;review&quot; (it was more like slander) of &quot;The Last Boy Scout&quot; was totally wrongheaded and a little bizarre.  Where does this so-called &quot;hatred of women&quot; come in?  If anything, the film shows that men can be pretty rotten to women and that they stick around because of loyalty or love.  The movie is high-energy action at its best and it's a highlight in the now-low-brow genre of buddy movies.  Shane Black got his two million dollars for this script because it's filled with hilarious, quote-worthy dialogue.  Anyone who says they haven't at least stolen one line of dialogue from this movie is a liar.  Bruce is at his grumpy, self-hating peak here at Joe Hallenbeck.  And Damon Waynes gives possibly the only good performance of his career.<br />Take a seat, pop in this DVD, and have a ball.  Because that's what this is: a good time.  If you're looking, like Shannon was, for something that will change the world or give you a new view of yourself -- look elsewhere.  This is entertainment.  Pure and simple.  And good entertainment is hard to come by.
B00000J7JO|5.0|I haven't been a RHCP fan for very long.  I first heard of them when I saw the music video for 'Scar Tissue'.  I loved them ever since.  This Cd is probably the most noticed Cd of '99-'00.  They've had four hits off the Cd and I haven't heard on request for a new album.  Just a few days ago I saw a comercial for it, after it has been out for a year!  These guy must have been confident when they released this album because it is way too good!  <br />The music videos that they've made make it even better.  They are all extremely creative.  The one for 'Californication' is my favorite.  The whole video is a video game featuring the guys from the band, if you ask me, that is really creative.  Plus, all of them are really different. That's an added bonus.<br />Talk about original, when my dad listened to this he said it reminds him of Pink Floyd and all those other bands that &quot;changed our lives.&quot;  I agree with him too, each song has a guitar solo, and speeds up as the song getts near the end. And, this is the first Cd were the bass player gets to show off his talents.<br />Finally, the songs. Here is my opinion on their hits: 'Scar Tissue' is more on the calmer side but still is really good. 'Around the World' is the hardest rockin' song on the Cd, it is more of a metal/rap type song and has excellent lyrics. 'Otherside' is also more on the calm side (in the beguining) but still it has good lyrics and is good. 'Californication' is very similar to 'Otherside' and is my favorite song on the cd, it also has a good theme.<br />So, rock fans (especially of Creed), if you don't already have this Cd, you must be crazy, go out right now and buy it! If you haven't heard of the Red Hot Chili Peppers, you have all my pity, you are even crazier!  So everybody but those die-hard rap fans, get up out of your office chair and go buy this Cd!
0553573403|4.0|This is a fun read.  The characters are great and the story pulls you in from the get go.  I agree with most of the other reviews so I won't rehash their points. I will, however, say that I was disappointed by the lack of conclusion to this book.  Absolutely nothing is resolved and there is no choice but to buy book 2.  Don't get me wrong here...I've already purchased book 2 and plan to read it soon.  I'm just saying that I would like some sort of conclusion - otherwise just make it one book that's 1500 pages. Overall - this is great work and a must for anyone who enjoys Fantasy.
B00000J7JO|5.0|I am a new RHCP fan.  I first heard of them when I saw the music video for &quot;Scar Tissue&quot;.  Ever since, I've loved them.  This Cd has gotten a lot of attention since it has come out and the future looks good for these guys.  So far they have had four hits off this album and I haven't heard any requests for a new Cd.  They must have been confident when they released it because it has got way too many great songs on it.  My favorites are all the ones that have been hits and a few others like &quot;Get On Top&quot;, that one is my favorite.  &quot;Californication&quot; is a great song with a good theme. &quot;Otherside&quot; is a lot like &quot;Californication&quot; only it doesn't have the good theme, but a good song.  &quot;Around the World&quot; is the hardest rocking song on the Cd and has awesome lyrics.  &quot;Scar Tissue&quot; is also like &quot;Californication&quot; and &quot;Otherside&quot; with a more dramatic theme.<br />I can't think of a single flaw on this whole Cd.  It is wonderful exemplar of real Rock n' Roll.  I reccomend it to everybody but die-hard rap fans.  It is the best Cd of the Century.
B0000558LN|5.0|Despite what I've been reading on some of the review, I think this movie was amazingly done, with awesome choreography, beautiful girls for the guys, and a hot guy with a cute accent for the girls.  Piper Perabo plays Violet, a girl who's dream is to move to New York to become a Song writer.  While she's trying to get people to listen to her demos, she meets a charming fellow named Kevin O'Donnell (Adam Garcia).  Lacking cash, Violet gets a job at a bar called Coyote Ugly, where the girls dress sexy and dance on the bar for the entertainment of the bar goers.  There are so many different stories weaved into this movie, that it would take forever to describe them all.  That and the fact that I don't want to be a spoiler for those who haven't seen the movie.  But let me say this...like any teeny bopper flick, it goes along the story line.  Girl meets guy, they fall in love, they break up, but in the end they end up back together.  However, I wouldn't limit this movie only to teeny boppers.  When I went to the theater, I saw people of all ages sitting and enjoying the movie.  Personally, I loved it so much that after watching it twice in the theater, I ran out and bought the soundtrack (which is incredible) and waited, anticipating the release of this really great movie.  When it was released, I found out that it was only coming out on DVD, which is a real shame, because not everyone has a DVD player, but since I am a devoted fan, I will anticipate the release of this video on VHS.  One more comment, if you're a guy and you're not sure you want to see this becuase it seems like a &quot;chick flick&quot;...one picture...Tyra Banks dancing on the bar.
B00004BZ16|5.0|This is an absolutely amazing album that should be owned by everyone who is interested in the Clash or a vast scope of good music.  The Clash transend the musical barriers imposed by genres and commercial limitations that are so effective today--especially in the punk genre.  By preforming in a variety of styles the Clash tell us that punk is more than a style of music-- it is a deeper message encouraging change, that is best empowered by music.  If you do not have this album, pick it up.  Not every track is my personal favorite, but after listening to it with an open mind I have discovered new musical interests and expanded my own perspective on music.
B0000029DD|5.0|The first time I heard &quot;It's over&quot; I was amaized by the voice of Jeff bukley, I ran to buy the CD, I heard it, and loved it, all the songs, specialy &quot;Lover should've come over&quot; and &quot;lilac wine&quot; As so many reviewers siad, listen to it from the bigining to end, and you'll know what we are talking about. It will leave you thinking for a while.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I haven't been able to stop listening to Dido's &quot;No Angel&quot; since I got it.  This is the record the Cranberries wish they could have made after &quot;Everybody Else is Doing It...&quot;  With a voice that combines the best of Beth Orton and Dolores O'Riordan, Dido soars, reprimands, lilts, croons, and coddles you through 12 entrancing songs.  The songs on this disc are all melodically strong, lyrically potent, and inescapably catchy.<br />My own personal favourite tracks on &quot;No Angel&quot; are 'Hunter,' 'Thankyou,' 'Slide,' and the title track 'No Angel'.  'Hunter' is a propulsive, aggressive personal declaration of independence from a constrictive relationship.  Establishing a scenario of female dependence upon men, the song quickly warns against male possession - &quot;This queen you think you own wants to be a hunter again, wants to see the world alone again, to take a chance on life again, so let me go!&quot;  The pulsing beat of this refrain lets up near the end of the song, leaving Dido's voice accompanied by a sparse guitar strum, effectively highlighting the insistence of the message.  <br />'Thankyou' emphasizes the strain of melancholia that runs throughout the album - as if to reach their upbeat conclusions, many of the songs need to go through trial and misfortune.  'Thankyou' does just this - a trip-hoppy beat and vocal present us with a miserable situation.  Here, the song celebrates the reliability of a comfortable relationship; a phone call or simply being around the other person is &quot;having the best day of my life&quot;.  <br />'Slide' is a song of despair and the need for self-forgiveness.  Just hearing Dido sing &quot;It's all right to make mistakes, you're only human; inside everybody's hiding something&quot; is wonderfully cathartic.  Here again, a spare musical accompaniment allows you to revel in her lovely voice, conferring absolution, driving away the tendency to slide into defeatism and isolation.  'Isobel' is thematicallysimilar.  Having just run away, Isobel is encouraged to bear with the stress of recent personal turmoil, and assured of spiritual support.  &quot;It's been a long daaaaaay coming&quot; - Beautiful!  <br />'No Angel' turns the lens inward again - reconciling herself to human shortcomings.  There is simply nothing whatsoever wrong with Dido's &quot;No Angel,&quot; so go to the super-store and purchase it immediately.  I adore it!
0553106635|4.0|&quot;Storm of Swords&quot;, the third book in the series, is clearly not the last.  While I enjoyed the book and was drawn back into the fantasy world that Martin quite expertly created....I kept wondering, did he lose a family member while writing this book?<br />Characters, both good and evil, seemed to die at an increasingly rapid rate compared to the first two books.  (So many of the characters he came to make us care for died that I actually breathed a sigh of relief when he finally killed the cardboard cutout villian, Joffrey.)  The rate even increased as the book went on.<br />However, this was the only part of the book that gave me pause.  Most of the characters are well fleshed out and real, though he seems to have so many that some suffer with rather flimsy characterization.  It is a large world, though, and one cannot know everyone intimately.<br />I will continue to buy the series, however, if only to find out what happens to Danaerys and Arya!
0399146253|2.0|Since this is my first Patricia Cornwell, I feel that I need to go back and read books 1-3 before I make a full assesment of her writing.  I found this book sometimes overly detailed and longwinded, almost like she was trying to fill a certain page number.  I found some of the subplots of the characters unbelieveable if not underdeveloped.  Although I did like Marino, who reminds me of NYPD Blue's Andy Sipowitz, his color came across in this work.  I finished this book partially because i was on a long plane ride and partially because I thought something was going to happen.  I would definately give this author another chance but I cannot recommend this book, especially if you are new to the author, you might not want to start with one of the first novels of Kay Scarpetta.
B0000524E5|4.0|Thsi movie delivers with a little of everything, action, romance, and a little something extra for the guys. Violet, a little town girl, has roamed into the big city in search of her dream. To be a professional songwriter. The only way to make the money she needs to support herself she has to get from dancing on a bear at a local pub, or so it seems. You should see this movie if your looking for a love story, a little fun for the guys, or a laugh out loud riot, in all i give this flick 4 stars for greatness.
0380789019|5.0|There is only one word I can use to describe this book:  AMAZING.  Neil Gaiman has truly won me over with this book.  Not only is it beautifully written, but it will keep your eyes glued to each page.  It combines suspense, mystery, and a bit of fantasy to create a beautiful novel.  I recommend this book to anyone who loves a good read.
B00003CX8J|4.0|Full of great special effects, and just plain fun, this is a great movie to have for a night at home with friends. See how many of the X-Men you can spot, and count the number of X's as they go by. See if you can catch a glimpse of Stan Lee, the original creator of the X-Men.
0152023984|5.0|This tale applies so much to lessons of our everyday life. And a real tearjerker. I re-read this book every year. How nice to be reminded that &quot;it is only with the heart that one can see rightly, what is essential is invisible to the eye!&quot;
B00003CWL6|5.0|The DVD of the great film, American Beauty has a side table of fun digital toys.  The director commentary over the whole film helps the viewer receive an &quot;in the mind of director&quot; angle.  Sam Mendes's dry wit is enjoyable for a second viewing.  There is a production video included, which is rather colorful.  And (something any movie maker would enjoy) the writer and director walk through the story boards and picture stills, explaining further the thought process behind American Beauty.  As a special bonus, if you own a DVD-Rom there is a program runable on your PC.  If you loved the movie, you will adore the DVD.
B000005J56|4.0|This album just exudes sexual energy.  It is a beautiful musical experience, and belongs in everyone's CD collection!
B00003W8NM|5.0|There are some movies that can only be enjoyed on DVD.  The kind of movies that retain a certain level of theatrical magic the big movie houses hold.  Fight Club falls deep in this category.  The resolution and sound quality during the film are extremely high.  The first disc includes four audio tracks ranging from the director alone, to the cast together, remembering the movie as it runs, giving a behind-the-scenes play-by-play.<br />The promotional material on the second disc is worth the purchase alone.  In addition to mini-documentaries on different topics from special effects to the over scoring during the opening tittle sequence.  This two pack combo can help you start a Fight Club of your own, in your living room.
B000000WJZ|5.0|Never before has an album ripped apart your inner soul with such driving, dreamy and electric power. The guitars crash in with a sheer explosion of melodic noise on the opening 'Cherub rock'. As the guitars drive through your mind, you cant help but be lost in the emotion. The asault comes with hit after hit after hit, just when you think you've reached a wall of noice, yet more is unleashed. But that is only the beginning.<br />The song change, twist and leave you wondering what is coming next. The songs are sweet, bitter, happy, meloncollie but essentially gripping. It is an album that will leave you lost, found and better for the experience. A album of life, love, loss mixed with the thoughts of a generation.<br />Billy Corgan is genuis of his era. The skill of his song writing and guitar playing leaves you wanting more and more. With such classics as the beutiful 'Disarm', the generational 'Today', the quiet/loud power of 'soma' and the swirling, sonic ride of 'mayonaise'. This is a timeless album of significance and importance that will always be with you. A must for all who wish to lose themselves in sea of sound. <br />If you don't own it, this an oportunity to find that part of yourself that you have never found. Genuis.
B00004Y6NK|5.0|Look this if you like clapton this is the most UNDERRATED album he did. Why? Because people think he sold out and went with keyboards and synths....ignore them the guitar work in this album will drop your jaw. MISS YOU is one of his best if you ever saw him play this live OHHH MANN!!! Then on the other hand you have HOLY MOTHER which would be the saddest song if he didn't kick your butt with the lead....You know it may not be a blues album but the guitar work is still AMAZING....you have to hear this album if you like EC!!!!
B00000JCB2|4.0|yes it is not even close to &quot;three dollar bill ya'll&quot; but it is still pretty good with catchy songs like &quot;Nookie&quot;, &quot;Just Like This&quot;, and &quot;nineteen 90 nine&quot; its hard to not like the album but what really holds it together is the famous angry song &quot;Break Stuff&quot; and &quot;Nobody Like You&quot; with KoRn frontman John Davis, and STP leader Scott Weiland.  With tight riffs, and mad cuts from Dj Lethal i still think Limp is good even though they are (ssssshhhhhh) sell outs!
B000002GJH|3.0|Sort of a Pearl Jam prequel, although Chris Cornell has a lot of influence. Here this Seattle supergroup demonstrates the debt grunge owes metal. Stand out tracks are `Reach Down' and `Hunger Strike' Seemed pretty special after Pearl Jam hit it big, but has not aged well.
B000001Y42|5.0|Limp Bizkit blew me away on MTV spring break fashionably loud a couple years back so i ran out and bought &quot;Three Dollar Bill Ya'll&quot; this the first cd to really turn me on too Metal,it is still one of my favorites after almost 4 years. I remember not too long ago when Fred Durst could write good Lyrics and actually scream with the best of em.  it was almost 4 years ago and we havent seen any improvement since. yes i am dissapointed but still it happens, especially to bands that start off on MTV.  The best songs here are &quot;Counterfeit&quot;, &quot;Stuck&quot;, and the mellow &quot;Sour&quot; which had a video that i have only seen once.
B000002NFM|5.0|This album is more than amazing. it is immortal. every song is beautiful and haunting at the same time. smack my bitch up is a great track and it gets better the more times you listen to it. breathe is of course a well-known hit and rightfully so. and firestarter is superb as well, and especially when you see the video, you'll love it. other great tracks are diesel power, climbatize and mindfields. serial thrilla and fuel my fire are pretty good but my favorite track on the album is narayan which is unbelievable and i do not have the words to describe it. pick up this album right now if you dont have it. it will blow you away.
B000002IPZ|5.0|This album was by far the best Testament album ever. In my opinion this album saw Alex at his prime, each solo on Souls of Black is like a work of art. Really truely some very memorable music here. Souls of Black was the soundtrack during my teenage years. I wish such intelligent heavy metal could exist for kids today.
0553274503|5.0|When I was in the eighth grade, my English teacher made us read the novella version of &quot;Flowers for Algernon&quot;  After reading it, and watching both movie versions, we realized it truly was a spectacular story.  The ending brings tears to your eyes, even if you have never cried.  To all interested in works of literary genius, I strongly recommend the book &quot;Flowers for Algernon&quot; and, if possible the movie version (&quot;Charly&quot;).
B00000IBRX|1.0|I can't believe anyone with depth could like this. It was lame in every area. First of all, the special effects were weird and stupid. They got in the way of the story. The characters were not likeable and so annoying. I didn't believe in the acting, and I didn't care what happened to them. I can't believe this forced, waste of effort moved as many people as it did. Maybe they liked the subject matter. A lot of people just check their brain at the door when they see movies, and like anything that is feed to them. This movie is as bad as it gets.
B000002UAR|4.0|This album is a very good album compared to the other 60s albums by other artists at that time. &quot;Eleanor Rigby&quot; is my favorite song. &quot;Tomorrow never Knows&quot; is also a great song. It has a totally different atmosphere than all other songs on this Album. Now compared to the other Beatles Albums, this one can't be regarded as the best one. Although VH-1 recently named it the best of all time, I wasnt very impressed because they said that Britney Spears was one of the Artists who voted. That says it all. I dont think she can name 3 albums from the 60s. Going back to &quot;Revolver&quot;. I would say, buy this. Some people say that this album signaled a transition for the Beatles. This album, and the ones that followed, had more serious lyrics that were about serious themes. If I had to pick the Best Beatles album. I would say its &quot;Abbey Road&quot;, but this review is about &quot;Revolver&quot; and I say..BUY THIS ONE!!!! And after you buy &quot;Revolver&quot;, buy &quot;Abbey Road&quot; and all the other Beatles albums because they are all so good.
B00004TH6O|4.0|Take the Sabbath crunch of Kyuss as a starting point, throw in a bit of drugged-out Screaming Trees (courtesy of Barrett Martin and Mark Lanegan) and some flat-out inspired songwriting, and you have one of the best releases of 2000, a sonically interesting melange of psychadelic goodness, spruced up with some mindless punk and thrash for good measure (and street cred, not that the gods of stoner rock need it).   Eminently listenable from beginning to end, nothing but sheer pleasure for people who want to rock out loud and raunchy.  This record suits well for cruising down the highway, or falling asleep in a hallucinogenic haze.  Josh Homme brings an unexpected new dimension of sultriness that is every bit as valid as ex-Kyuss John Garcia's blistering rants.  &quot;Tension Head&quot; and &quot;Quick And To The Pointless&quot; are like Kyuss on speed, but its the trippy elements added by &quot;Lightning Song&quot; and the excellent single &quot;Lost Art Of Keeping A Secret&quot; that make this one a keeper.  My favorite is the heroic riffing on &quot;In The Fade&quot; (with Mark Lanegan from Screaming Trees at the helm).   This is on practically everybody's &quot;best of 2000&quot; list and with good reason.
B000002UD1|4.0|&quot;Mind Games&quot; is a great album! I've got a vinyl 1984-reissue, and I can play it over and over and over again...<br />&quot;Mind Games&quot; got a lot of critisism. But why? Just listen to &quot;Some Time In NY City&quot;. Is &quot;Mind Games&quot; not an enormous improvement? Firtst of all, there's no Yoko Ono. I certainly don't hate her (some of her songs like &quot;Who Has Seen The Wind&quot; are very nice) but John Lennon on a record should be just John Lennon and no one else. Secondly, the instrumentation is great on &quot;Mind Games&quot;: no folksy guitars like on &quot;Some Time&quot; and no 'wall of sound' like on &quot;Imagine&quot; but wonderful and well-produced instruments, backing vocals, choirs... Then there are Lennon's compositions. &quot;I Know (I Know)&quot; is one of Lennon's most beautiful songs ever. (Though, I prefer the &quot;Anthology&quot;-version.) But just listen to it. IT'S MUCH, MUCH BETTER THAN &quot;IMAGINE&quot;!!! &quot;Out The Blue&quot; is very beautiful too. &quot;Only People&quot; is a great tune, and so is &quot;Freeda Peeple (Bring In The Lucie)&quot;. And of course, &quot;Mind Games&quot; is a true gem. &quot;Aisumasen (I'm Sorry)&quot; has got a great piano bit, but it is - just like the 'throwaways' &quot;Intuition&quot;, &quot;Tight A$&quot; and &quot;You Are Here&quot; - a weak, but acceptable song. The only really 'bad' song on &quot;Mind Games&quot; is &quot;One Day At A Time&quot;. But what the heck! When you buy this record, you get 5 wonderful - great - fantastic songs!!! And who cares about the rest... Critics judged this album on the lyrics, that are - I agree - below Lennon's level. But that doesn't give them the right to turn the whole album into some piece of junk! Is &quot;Walls And Bridges&quot; so much better? Certainly not, but critics just like EVERY album with so called 'intellectual' song titles like &quot;Surprise, Surprise (Sweet Bird Of Paradox)&quot;...<br />So, all I am saying is &quot;givemind games a chance&quot;! ;-)
B000002JOH|5.0|If Pantera got what they deserved with this brilliant album, every single bonecrushing riff would be bronzed and displayed in the rock and roll hall of fame.   Problem is it might crack the foundations because they are so freaking HEAVY.  Truly deserving of the word &quot;classic&quot; - as brutal as it is accessible.  You shouldn't even aspire to consider yourself a metalhead unless you own this album.   Period.  Its as seminal as &quot;Master of Puppets&quot; or &quot;Powerslave&quot; in terms of influence on the genre, and pure effectiveness.  The production is flat and nasty - like _...And Justice For All_, only ANGRIER.  (You have to use the word angry in capital letters with an album that contains a song called &quot;F***ing Hostile.&quot;  And the fact that this song even exists on the record should reassure anyone who stopped for a second to listen to the clamoring 14-year-old idiots below crying &quot;sellout&quot;.)  The genius of this album is how hook-laden it really is - hooks that tear through your flesh like Pinhead on a bad day.  Its like an encyclopedia of brutal metal riffage - like someone said, the riff to &quot;Walk&quot; is instantly recognizable.  Dimebag Darrell is more gifted at songwriting than anyone will ever give him credit for - just check out the structure of songs like &quot;This Love&quot; and the chorus to &quot;Hollow&quot; for the complexity masked behind the Sabbath-like efficiency.  And Phil has a heck of a range and he isn't afraid to use it.  Looking back it really wasn't all that unique, its just that nobody had ever done the genre that WELL.  Any song on this album could vanquish 99.999% of the metal out today, or ever for that matter, but if I had to pick my favorites they would have to be &quot;By Demons Be Driven&quot; and the stunning &quot;Hollow&quot;.
0425170349|4.0|Besides the length, I like to think of this as a sort of action movie in a book...it's worth reading because of a series of sequences that make it fun, but if you're looking for good literature, &quot;Rainbow&quot; has no hidden pot of gold.  Clancy gives us almost no sense of his characters, presenting them as all-powerful, invincible human beings, just like a modern-day Bond thriller.      <br />   Of course, you could argue, who cares? That's what I said.  This thick mother of a book is replete with 007-styled shoot-em-up sequences, where the pages turn a mile a minute.      <br />   So how is this book 800+ pages?  Come on.  It's Clancy.  He gives us his usual military specifics and detailed descriptions of obsolete or unusual devices, used as filler space between his truly well-written action scenes.      <br />   Another thing.  This book has no plot.  What plot there is, however, nicely serves as a device to bring on Clancy's thrilling terrorist take-downs.  I think he should simply exclude all &quot;plot,&quot; simply write a series of random exciting action scenes, because this book's attempt at plot is surprisingly pitiful.  Makes you feel sorry for poor Tom.    <br />   Now, I've heard folks tease him for &quot;getting paid by the word&quot; but...seriously, no one really cares, this book still made the top spot on The NY Times, because it's Clancy, and everyone loves him.  This book might be too verbose; so what?  At the very least just skim over the boring stuff, or simply skip it entirely.  The rest is too good to miss.    <br />  By the way, &quot;Rainbow Six&quot; the game is even better...
B00004ZAV3|5.0|The conquering heroes of the British Invasion may be gone, but their music lives on and is as alive today as it was when it was first released on the original LP's and 45's more than 30 years ago.<br />For those of you who are too young to remember the splash that these four lads from Liverpool made, this is a must have to start your Beatles collection. For those of us who were around, this is a wonderful trip down memory lane
B000002TYX|5.0|This was cool because it was the Beatles at the beginning. It's mostly cover songs, but it's still great. Some of the sound quality isn't perfect, but I still enjoyed it.
B000001FKY|5.0|This album is a must-have for any Hard Rock fan. It has so many awesome songs and many of them were hits in the past. My favorite tracks are 1-7;9-10. This album is a bit softer than 'Pyromania' but not worse; in fact, it is just as good, maybe, maybe better. &quot;Women&quot; is an excellent opening song for the album; I love the instrumental in that song. All of the songs have awesome, varied, instrumentals with great singing by Joe Elliot and not one track is at all similar to any other track except for &quot;Women&quot; and &quot;Rocket&quot;.........but that doesn't make it bad. These are two awesome songs in their own ways. Once not too long ago I heard &quot;Armaggedon It&quot; on the radio but I didn't know the name of it. I knew by the sound of it that it was Def Leppard but I was dying to know the name of that song. Then, when I heard it on the album, I said, &quot;Hey, THAT'S the song I heard on the radio but didn't know the name of it!&quot; I'm glad that now I own this album so that I can hear &quot;Armaggedon It&quot; any time I want to! The song &quot;Gods Of War&quot; after &quot;Armaggedon It&quot; is an excellent song to listen to after &quot;Armaggedon It&quot;. It's a bit of a strange song, but excellent nonetheless. It's not strange in lyrics (I'm sure people believed in gods of war way back in ancient Greece and ancient Rome), just in the sound of the song.
B0000028RR|5.0|I think Rage was a band that was far ahead of their time. This particular album showcases that well. The lyrics are full of anger and frustration. They make you think and the music is incredible too. It's a shame about Zach leaving...
B000000OTU|4.0|I think this was a very good record to put out. To start out on a good note, the last 3 songs are the best, along with Janies Got a Gun and various others. The downside is some of the songs are not so great. For example,    Amazing and Blind Man. The rest are great! Amazing, sounds like the rise and fall of his drug addiction. It starts out with... I let the wrong ones in                                  And let the rights ones out<br />I was glad when it was over. Execpt for these 2 songs, it was awesome! I highly recommend it for any Aerosmith fan.
B00004X0Q0|5.0|This band has one of the most original sounds out there, All their albums are incredible. I'm glad they're finally being recognized for all their hard work.
0804106304|5.0|After visiting Hong Kong last Fall, I found myself entangled in Chinese culture. There were not enough movies I could see, so I started reading books too.  One thing is sure about this book. Once you open its cover and start, you will find yourself so involved in on of the most beautiful inroductions ever.  So the introduction carries you over and you cannot let go until you are done reading.  Ms. Tan is wonderfully talented writer with a story to tell that relates to any generation.  Knowing that my husband would probably not read the book by his choice (book about four women and their daugthters, was not quite a good pitch), I rented a movie and had him see it.  After seeing the movie which keeps very close to the plot in the book, my husband was finally ready to read the book himself.  It was the first time, in the long time, I saw him crying...I on the other hand, am ready to start another one of Ms. Tan's books.  As a matter of fact, I am looking forward to it.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|This is one of those albums tha can be listened to all the way through without skipping a single song. I've been a Fiona Apple fan for a while and I heard Fast as you can on the Real World and thought it was time I bought the album. In no time I was in love with the whole thing. Stupendous. I love her voice and she can write some impressive lyrics.
0380788624|4.0|Neal Stephenson is an excellent author.  He has written what is one of the most polyvalent books I have read in a very long time.  I actually had experience working for an organisation that is in effect going to be a private money network as described in the book, sans the Fillipino Gold connection.  He has that &quot;hackerdom business&quot; feel of about 1997-8 down to the ground, and it may be an interesting document in a few years, if for that only.<br />My problem with the book, and the one that dogs all Neal Stephenson books, is his shyness with his endings.  He spends the whole of his time building these incomparably dense and credible environments, plot-lines, and even characters, which is a rarity in Sci-fi, and then he just....  stops.<br />In Snow-crash, Diamond Age, and here, he gets suddenly shy, or runs out of time, or something happens that means what should be fifty or a hundred pages of monumental revelation turns into one or two rather thin pages that never really leave the feeling of being a fully resolved ending.  Ok, not all endings have to be epic, but given the first 80% of the book, it is a bit of a change to suddenly go minimalist...<br />Having said that it is a very good book, and its flaws are only more evident because of it.  Read, enjoy, and then think how perfect it could have been if the author had kept his nerve for the last hundred pages he did not write.
6304696566|5.0|Ethan Edwards is one of the screen's most memorable and complex characterizations.  His racism, impassioned rage, cold brutality, rugged individualism, and indestructible tenacity coexist with qualities of tenderness and affection, penetrating insight and principled high-mindedness.  Yet much of him remains inscrutable, testimony to the mysteries of human identity itself.  In many respects, Marty (Jeff Hunter) is the nominal &quot;hero,&quot; someone who strikes a balance between the individual and social world, frontier and domestic realm, and who sees beyond skin color and blood to the spiritual bond that  unites all human beings.  But there's no way John Wayne's tortured character--driven by lost opportunities in the past and vengeful priorities in the present--can be challenged.  He shoots out the eyes of dead Indians to insure their spirits will never be admitted to the happy hunting grounds, but like Oedipus and Lear it is his own blindness that denies him peace.  His epiphany is all the more powerful due to its unexpectedness.<br />Even were the rest of the film prosaic, &quot;The Searchers&quot; would rank among the best of American cinema.  But John Ford's storytelling magic is also on display at its best, creating an epic narrative that conveys the magnitude of space and the passing of time with equal verisimilitude.  Curiously, &quot;Shane&quot; commands a considerably higher price than &quot;The Searchers.&quot;  I'd argue that &quot;Shane,&quot; a much heralded film at the time of its release, has lost stature and cinematic interest, whereas exactly the opposite is true of &quot;The Searchers.&quot;  As for print quality, the restored DVD version is far from perfect but at least 50% better than earlier VHS editions.  That's good enough in the case of this masterpiece.
B00004WGAI|5.0|I viewed this set of 2 VHS tapes with my daughter who is reading the book in a high-school English class. I thought that hearing the dialogue and seeing the period costumes and settings would help to bring the book to life for her. I was astonished by the richness and accuracy of this edition. Frequently, video adaptations of novels are weak substitutes and leave you disappointed, since the characters and scenes from your imagination are far richer than any shortened screen adaptation can ever be. Now, having seen this lavish BBC production starring Timothy Dalton as the irascible Rochester and Zelah Clarke as the irrepressible Jane, I can't imagine them any other way.<br />The video production was very accurate and true to the novel, leaving out non-critical scenes and some dialogue, but not changing events or people or altering the outcome in any way. At just under 4 hours, you may want to take several days to view the video, but you won't regret the time spent. The themes of feminine strength, love and forgiveness are still relevant today, hundreds of years after Charlotte Bronte wrote the book. The video can also serve as a useful supplement to understanding the novel (although I would never advise a student to forego reading the novel in favor of the video).
B000001DVD|5.0|This is the second album I ever got. The first was Pyromania. This album was heavier than Pyromania (it seems as if they started to slow with every album until the got back to the older stuff on Retroactive), but softer than their first album, On Through The Night, but it was definitley better written and played here. Lotsa pounding songs to get your adrenaline up, especially No No No. After listening to albums after this one, it makes me think that guitarist Willis (who was kicked out of the band after this album because of his alcohol and drug abuse) may have been the one behind that. But the success of this album got them on their way and they haven't looked back since.
B00003CXN4|5.0|&quot;The American drug war is a war we can win,&quot; says the new government drug czar of the ongoing battle against illegal substances in America. This line comes towards the ending of the movie, though it is clearly not needed in the beginning. Right from the beginning, we know that this is going to be a serious, yet humorous take, on how many different situations can arise and lives can be affected by contact with narcotics.<br />Steven Soderbergh's newest film, &quot;Traffic,&quot; is everything like the films he has done before: brutally honest, tactful, and without reserve when it comes to its display of the situation at hand. His brilliant direction of characters as well as the cinematography of the movie is nothing short of in-your-face amazing, making it one of the year's best films.<br />There is not one, but three stories, intricately interwoven together while not having any of the major characters really interact with one another. One story focuses on Mexican cop Javier Rodriguez, who is caught in between his homeland and the U.S. over who is crooked and who is not when it comes to bringing down a major cartel in Tijuana. Back in the states, Robert wakefield has just been appointed to the position of drug czar, and finds out too late that he may be in a no-win situation. To top that off, his daughter is severely hooked on drugs, which leads to life-threatening situations. The third focuses on a drug kingpin's arrest, with his clueless wife beginning to piece together her husband's trade and eventually taking over the business, all the while being watched by the very two men who arrested her husband.<br />Is it confusing? At times, yes. Is it worth it trying to sort it all out? Definitely. &quot;Traffic&quot; may be a little hard to follow in the beginning, but sticking it out is absolutely worth it in the end. As the movie switches from story to story, there is never a dull moment. Each story has its own unique message about how drugs affect people of different backgrounds, and how some of those peoples' lives affect others. That is what is so brilliant about this film: when the characters from differing stories interact, they are never given enough time to get to know each other, keeping the action separate and moving.<br />Soderbergh's use of the camera and color tints also help to give each setting its own unique and disturbing feel. The sandy deserts and towns of Mexico appear yellow and bright, while Ohio is blue, chilly and frigid. Throughout the movie, he gives each scene a somewhat grainy appearance, setting it apart from mainstream cinema while adding to the uniqueness of the story as a whole.<br />Actors are given a chance to show off some of their best work to date, and there are so many actors that appear throughout that you will have to watch it repeatedly in order to catch them all. Among the main characters, Benecio Del Toro gives the best performance ofthe film, while Michael Douglas is perfect for the role of the politician with personal as well as governmental issues. Catherine Zeta-Jones is the most debatable character, for when she is forced to dig into her husband's underground life, you won't know whether to root for her or criticize her for her actions.<br />&quot;Traffic&quot; met all of my expectations head on, while also keeping me very entertained as well as informed about America's drug battle. The movie contains a message, something deeper than the characters and their lives, a message about what drugs can do to your life besides physical damage.
0671042858|3.0|Being a King fan, I was fairly disappointed in this book. Though he has the ability to capture what could go through a persons mind in a situation like this, I found this book a little slow without much happening. Just alot of walking around in the woods. So if you are looking for the bizarre and something with action that will capture your imagination, this is not it.
B0000542DJ|5.0|&quot;I don't have an abili.&quot;  --Emo Phillips<br />I remember seeing the poster for JFK in my local theatre and thinking &quot;He's dead!  Let him lie.&quot;  I was about twenty years old and the national obsession with the JFK assassination was completely tedious to me.<br />At that time, the last great movie I had seen was Silence of the Lambs.  A great film, and one I was sure would win the Oscar for Best Picture that year.<br />Then I saw JFK.....(wow).... *spoken with great awe*<br />I changed my vote. JFK was awesome.  The funny thing is, I still don't care who killed JFK, but I really loved the film and how the conspiracy seems to just fit together.<br />This may be one of the reasons why some people dislike or refuse to see this movie.  They actually care about the subject matter.  Sort of like examining The Bible as literature without looking at it as religion.<br />But if you can put your opinions and feelings on the Kennedy assassination aside and simply watch the movie, JFK is a tour de force in filmaking.  I highly recommend it.
B000001Y42|5.0|this cd is one of my most played cds. I love it, i mean this came when limp bizkit was in it for the music and it shows because the songs are awsome(These days any song from limp that isnt rap is a breakthrough) but this shows the raw talent they had and could have been.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|In terms of what The Beatles did in their time together, nobody else even comes close to what they accomplished.  Looking at the sheer variety of music with the top-notch quality, it is amazing that all this happened in 7 years more-or-less.  Sure it is easy to nit-pick about some songs that were left off of this, but  isn't it great to be complaining that way?  Sure beats the alternative of griping about all that filler that gets added to CD's these days.<br />There isn't much I can say about The Beatles that hasn't been said a million times before.  I just wonder if Capitol/Apple had put this collection out first, before all their regular albums had been reissued, would this collection have gone on to become the biggest selling album of all time?  It would be only fitting.
B000002H1T|4.0|&quot;Heartbeat City&quot;, in my opinion, is one of the best two or three albums to be released in 1984.  Sure, there is a fair amount of criticism that the songs are a bit too techno and sterile, but I think that's what gives the album it's edge.<br />Among the criteria I use in judging any album is how many really good songs are on it.  Not just songs that I can tolerate, but ones that I really like.  In this regard, &quot;Heartbeat City&quot; scores 9 out of 10, almost as good as &quot;Candy-O&quot;, my favorite Cars album.  In fact, this album spawned 5 single releases-that's no mean feat.  &quot;I Refuse&quot; is about the only track I don't like.  &quot;Why Can't I Have You&quot;, &quot;You Might Think&quot;, &quot;Magic&quot;, and the title track are all outstanding songs.  &quot;Drive&quot; is a tour-de-force and one of the best singles releases by any band in an otherwise forgettable year of pop songs.   Except for some rather tepid lyrics, &quot;Drive&quot; had the potential to become a standard in the tradition of the Beatles' &quot;Yesterday&quot;.<br />Even after 16 years, &quot;Heartbeat City&quot; is not all that dated.  Give it a listen.
B00001NFCY|1.0|I have liked Creed in the past, yet after this album I hate them forever! I threw it straight in my kitty litter box as soon as I heard it. Too bad they lost all of their talent and are just anothing scrounging band trying to get thier 15 minutes of fame. If you are considering buying this Cd, trust me DONT!!  Go buy something that has some real music on it- like Manson!
0679879269|5.0|As with the rest of the series, this book will live on forever.  Pullman writes in such a way that in every scene hope seems so lost, but it is found again.  But unlike other books where the solution simply stares them in the face, this story is much more complicated, with some strange twists in between it.  The whole story is everything you can expect from Pullman, and never have a read such a good book that has been left, cemented in my brain forever.  The finish left me with very mixed emotions, and I was in a daze, remembering every detail of the book.  I was sad that I had finished such a work of art.  The end was so sad for me, it almost felt like it was reality.<br />Just from a very sensitive reader's point of view.
B0000524CY|2.0|Let's not get carried away with the 5 star ratings here. I saw this movie when I was about 12 and it didn't scare me then. The re-release bored me to tears. The movie was a bunch of talking and when it was supposed to be scary, it was more funny than anything. As a horror movie, it was decent, but, not the scariest movie of all time. Reading some of the reviews, I wonder who's getting paid to sell this drivel.
B00004Y2FT|4.0|I've been a rabid Cocteau Twins fan for many years and have all of their albums and EPs. When I heard about STARS AND TOPSOIL, this compilation put together by 4AD to summarize their superb eight years on that label, I immediately added it to my collection. Thinking about the release, though, I think that getting STARS AND TOPSOIL would probably not be the best introduction to this wonderful band for someone who had never heard them before. There are simply too many styles put together on this album and, although it does show the progression in the band's sound during the 4AD years, it is confusingly uneven for the newbie. I would simply recommend picking up HEAVEN OR LAS VEGAS or TREASURE to learn about the band. Leave STARS AND TOPSOIL alone until you've become familiar with the band and already have most of their albums.<br />But this caveat is only for people unfamiliar with the Twins. If you enjoy the gorgeous music of the Cocteau Twins, STARS AND TOPSOIL features 8 years of some of their best songs on a single disc. It's worth picking up.
0062502182|4.0|Inevitable you would relate this fable with religious beliefs.  Nonetheless, 90% of the world does have a religious belief of some sort; so by believing in destiny you are also believing a higher being is in control of that.  The book had done a good job in describing the journey lies ahead for any searcher of fate, it is easy to relate real-life experience with what happened to Santiago.  Coelho had done a crafty and inspirational job.
0802130208|2.0|I was interested in reading this book due to the positive comments and information I received about it and the intriguing information I had heard about the author. I had been told that the book was hilarious and that the characters were quirky and indiosyncratic creations reflecting the absurdity of the world itself. I could not wait to open the pages and to begin the journey.     Upon cracking open the first pages and entering the world of Ignatius Reilly, I perceived something very different indeed. Ignatius is an intellectual and selfish individual that is as highly sterotyped and stylized as a character of this nature might ever be. The same goes for the other characters of the book. Jones speaks in an expected ignorant southern &quot;black&quot; style of the period. Myrna is a picture perfect rendition of an off-the-wall, political, independent thinking, student, and Dorian and his gang are the ultimate pictures of a stereotyped flaming gay social group.     The story starts out a bit slow but picks up as the reader covers the first few chapters. What happens as the story develops, one might ask? It develops into a slapstick and absurd comedy of a total loser and the subplots of those around him. One stupid act or lie leads to another and before you know it, or as you might suspect, Ignatius has created a giant nasty snowball of nothing but trouble. Loose ends begin to tighten as the characters finally collapse, one on top of another, in front of a trolley that has come to a screeching halt. If you are a reader that enjoys the Three Stooges then this is the book for you, no underlying meaning, no symbology, just pure slapstick with a touch of grease and filth.    Jones, the ignorant vagrant, is the only character with any redeeming qualities in the entire novel. He thinks. He questions. He has the capabilities to learn and to want more for himself. He is the only virtue to the book.     And talk about unsatisfying! Does this sound unsatisfied now? Wait until you reach the end of the story! All of the things you could have accomplished in the time it took you to read this book - mopping the floor, paying bills, picking up that gallon of milk...
0062502182|4.0|Inevitable you would relate this fable with religious beliefs.  Nonetheless, 90% of the world does have a religious belief of some sort; so by believing in destiny you are also believing a higher being is in control of that.  The book had done a good job in describing the journey lies ahead for any searcher of fate, it is easy to relate real-life experience with what happened to Santiago.  Coelho had done a crafty and inspirational job.
0767802659|1.0|That this movie even has the same title as the great book is in bad taste. Poorly acted with a screen play and dialogue which causes one to feel like a small furry animal stuck in a trap, ready to chew its own leg of in order to escape, this movies only redeeming quality is that they waited for Robert Heinlein to pass away before wasting the celluloid.
078324228X|5.0|As seems to be the case these days with me, I was unexpectedly captivated by this story.  The character development at the beginning was a little jumpy, but once I figured out who was who, I was hooked!  If you sit down to watch this &quot;film&quot; (and it truly is a &quot;film&quot; and not just a &quot;movie&quot;!) looking forward to 2 hours of boxing, you will be sorely disappointed.  My husband and I were hesitant because it is the story of a prize fighter and boxing is not at the top of our favorite subject list.  However, once again, Denzel Washington does not let us down.  His performance is brilliant - for that matter, all of the casting was brilliant.  While the rest of the cast may have &quot;supporting&quot; roles, they are, each in their own right, &quot;leading&quot; characters in this film, for without them and the strength of their acting, this story would lose its captivating qualities.  I cannot say enough good things about &quot;The Hurricane&quot; - all I can tell you is to enjoy it.  And don't forget to watch all of the special features which are part of the DVD - you won't be disappointed, and, believe me, by the time you are done, you will have gotten much more than your money's worth!
B00003CXE7|5.0|This is an extraordinary epic which takes place at the end of the reign of the Antonine emperors.  OK, so they do fudge history, but so what?  It's a magnificent story of a fictional character (a Roman General named Maximus, played by Crowe) who comes into contact with historical characters, such as Marcus Aurelius and his ignominious son, Commodus.  There are also allusions to the great Roman orator Cicero (his name bequeathed to Maximus' servant) and the Gracchus brothers (Gracchus is the name of a benevolent senator in the film).  There are also some nice references made to the Battle of Zama (in 202 - defeat of Hannibal), Antony &amp; Cleopatra and Cladius Caesar.<br />Perhaps the greatest accomplishment of the film lies in its depiction of Aurelius &amp; Commodus.  Aurelius is seen as a magnificent and magnanimous leader;  history remembers him as the closest anyone has ever come to Socrates' &quot;philosopher king.&quot;  Commodus is just as accurately portrayed as the vile, corrupt ignoramous that he was.  During his reign, there was a rumor which spread thru all of Rome that Aurelius' wife had had an affair with a sailor.  According to the scuttlebut, Commodus was the result of the episode;  the Romans simply refused to believe that a man so despicable as Commodus could come from the loins of the noble Aurelius.  The presentation of his character in this movie brings that out exceptionally well.<br />This is yet another instant classic directed by the creative genius of Ridley Scott.  The film is well done &amp; the sets take you back to the height of the Roman empire.  For background information on this period, I would recommend reading Marcus Aurelius' stoic &quot;Meditations&quot; as well as  Michael Grant's &quot;The Antonines.&quot; The latter book covers this epoch of Roman history.  These are not essential, but do offer a nice backdrop as to what's going on during this age. They could very well increase the viewer's enjoyment of this marvelous visual spectacle.spectacle.
B000009QPG|5.0|simply their best album since reign in blood. buy it. buy it now.why? because along with reign in blood, seasons in the abyss will go down as one of the greatest metal albulms of all time. buy it and you'll know what i'm talking about.
B00003CXE6|5.0|With this film Russell Crowe cements his place amongst the elite of the world's top actors, a group he was on the verge on joining after stellar performances in LA Confidential and others. He plays the Roman general Maximus, a man of principle in an empire of corrupt politics, who falls afoul of the jealous new Emperor Commodus (a great Joaquin Phoenix) who kills his father Marcus Aurelius (Richard Harris) upon learning he plans to hand the Empire to Maximus.   <br />An attempt is made on Maximus' life but sadly the men sent to Maximus' family succeed in killing them. Whilst captured by slavers and sold into the arena, Maximus finds himself unable to let go and die, and victory after victory leads him back to Rome and closer to a revenge on the man who destroyed all he had. Director Ridley Scott is a sure hand on the tiller, delivering the years most magnificent spectacle. The multinational cast deliver superior performances, including a final swansong from Oliver Reed.<br />In response to Tokyo-dude who found some things hard to swallow I would point out that he is in error for most of them. Maximus never witnessed Aurelius' death though he suspected Commodus of murder. He was arrested by Praetorians Commodus brought along, not his own troops, when he is about to be executed he addresses one as Praetorian. The Romans swore loyalty to Rome not their general, mutineers were routinely decimated (10% of them killed by drawing lots) by scourging and beheading, Maximus' own troops would have known this risk. Maximus' family were in Spain not central Italy and the terrain is the Massif Central in France and The Pyrenees. And the Praetorians assumed Maximus dead which is why the troops weren't waiting for Maximus to show up. Commodus was shocked to find Maximus still alive. It's the missing out of the sea-crossing to North Africa that left me puzzled but the film was so good it didn't spoil my enjoyment and nor should it spoil anyone else's.
B000000OU0|5.0|How anyone can give this album less than 5 stars, is beyond me. A truly excellent album by one of America's best rock bands ever. The first 4 songs are newly penned songs for this album, recorded in the studio in 1994. Of the four, my favourite is &quot;Love will keep us alive&quot;, but they are all great. Then, starting with &quot;Tequila Sunrise&quot; they shift to a live concert. Finally after 14 years they are back and performing like they'd never been apart. The highlight is definately the stripped down accoustic &quot;Hotel California&quot;. This song is worth the price of this album alone. It has to be heard to be appreciated. Mere words cannot describe. If you enjoy The Eagles mousic, this album is a must have.
B00004SCX6|5.0|From the music to the CD booklet, this Cd is brilliant! The album consists of 13 huge hits, all with its own unique rhythm : From the beautiful ballets of Don't let me be the last to know &amp; Where are you now,  to the rock/ hard beat songs Stronger &amp; satisfaction. This is such an improvement on the first album, and there isn't one song i give lower than 9. Each song dosen't drag on either. They all have speech in between them, Britney on the phone etc... to connect the songs. Any fan should have this album, and i think the CD has styles of music for all music lovers! Oh, and the pictures are really hot of britney!
B000001EGA|5.0|The first thing that grabs your attention is the wonderful cover art featuring Elton and Bernie as cartoon characters surrounded by a myriad of strange and wonderful things. Then the booklet contains all the lyrics plus many photos and a 4 page essay by John Tobler. But then there's the wonderful music. As is often the case with Elton's music, some may take a few listens to before they sink in and become a part of you. <br />The 3 bonus tracks included here were all recorded around the same time as this album. &quot;Lucy in the sky with diamonds&quot; was recorded live at Madison Square Gardens and features John Lennon. &quot;Philadelphia Freedom&quot; was written at the request of tennis superstar Billie Jean King, who wanted a theme tune for her team, which was called Philadelphia Freedom. The other bonus track is &quot;One day (at a time)&quot;. These songs were left off this album at the time, because they did not fit in with the autobiograhical style of this album. This album is an important one to own for any fan of Elton and Bernie.
B00004XONN|3.0|I beleive Radio Head has done alot better on other cds,but of course I could only listen to a few samples,of his cd,so my rating is based on that.I liked some of what I heard it was put together in a soothing way.
B00004XONN|5.0|Kid A is a great album...from the beginning to the end...however, you need to listen to it multiple times to enjoy it.  Also, do not expect a traditional &quot;rock album&quot;....Kid A is like a ambient/rock blend.  However, this is a terrific album...highlights include &quot;Everything in its right place&quot; &quot;The National Anthem&quot; &quot;How to dissapear completely&quot; and &quot;In Limbo.&quot;  Don't rob yourself the satisfaction of listening to this!
6305127689|5.0|&quot;Top Gun&quot; was the first DVD that I officially purchased, and I was thoroughly pleased, even though the movie is fifteen years old. It is easily my favorite combat movie because &quot;Top Gun&quot; displays the process of going from an amateur to a professional and how intimidating being a pilot can be. Pilots get caught up in the moment, they lose focus, and other bad things. A very good combat movie indeed. Probably the least cheesy movie that I have seen that offers a main course of action/adventure and a side dish of relationships. <br /> A lot of then-unpopular, but today stars are in this: the guy from ER, Val Kilmer(from &quot;Red Planet&quot;, most recently) and who could forget the man of the hour, the go-getter, the cutup, the old school, the man, Maverick, Tom Cruise. <br /> Good plot and storyline features good transition from seriousness to relaxation; from tension between fellow pilots to mourning over shocking losses; from an officer barely being rescued to a volleyball game. If there ever was a Hollywood Hall-of-Fame, this one would never be left out.
B00003CXCD|5.0|This has been remade more than once indirectly, of course. But never equalled.<br />Superb. Beautiful scenery, wonderfully romantic and simple storyline, terrific atmosphere, and two leading stars who shone with such poise, style and elegance that they are easily among the best Hollywood has ever discovered.<br />Who needs &quot;Notting Hill&quot;?
B00003ETJQ|5.0|Overwhelmingly beautifull picture from the most beautifull spots on this planet mixed with passion.<br />When you watch this movie, you will be amazed for not only how beautifull this planet can be, but also how beautifull they can make pictures like this, using extraordenary camera's and tricks.<br />Someone who doesn't like the music, just put there own music on during the film.<br />When U don't like the movie, I think you don't like this planet you are on.
B000001EXR|4.0|Whether you believe this is what Kiss SHOULD sound like or not, the bottom line is this is a great album.  The riffs are strong and clean, but what I like about it is that the non-original members obviously influenced the sound of the album giving it a fresh sound, but with Paul and Gene on the vocals, it's still Kiss.  The musical style of the album really accentuates their particular vocal skills, and for a change it's not the same rehashed boring Kiss that we've been hearing for years.  This album fits a nice niche in the music world...not heavy noise like Limp Bizkit, but not substanceless hard pop/rock like Foo Fighters.  It's crunchy, melodic, and draws you in.  It's one of those tantalizing what ifs...what if the reunion had not taken place and this influenced the Kiss sound for the future.  It would have been an interesting new direction.  Not that I minded the reunion...I loved being able to see the original Kiss on the farewell tour.  But musically, this is a great sound and I wish we could have heard a little more.
B00004XONN|5.0|Come on kids! It was the dawn of a new millinium and Radiohead just decided to challenge people more for the upcoming era. Some of you make it sound like a crime. I don't mean to sound above some others, but what is wrong with a challenging album? An album that doesn't give itself away on the first few listens? An album that actually makes you think using your most important tool to draw your own personal conclusion? Who knows what &quot;Kid A&quot; means and who really cares! Each person can take whatever they want from it and you only get what you give.<br />     I know you may think that sounds &quot;pretentious&quot; or any other word you can dig up but I assure you my feelings are genuine. Radiohead is forcing people to listen to albums as wholes again, the way all great ones were meant to be listened. &quot;Kid A&quot; deserves respect in the fact that these reviewers seemed hooked on listening to it, whatever their response or searching may be. With all due respect, any review comparing this to &quot;OK Computer&quot; is flaking out by losing focus on the album itself as a unique piece. The fact that &quot;Kid A&quot; has about twice as many reviews seems to prove that it was built to last longer in what it was trying to accomplish in listeners. Let it end in silence and use that silence for its purpose-to fill with your imagination. If you prefer music that does not climb to such enriching heights, than that is the gap in...in between you and me.
0446310786|1.0|I read this book recently in class because it was requred reading. I love reading, and read several books a week. TKaM however was terrible. There is almost no plot, and the charecters were poorly developed and obviously fake. It gets boring after a few minutes, and is never all that exciting. It is also hard to follow what is going on near the end. It may be a classic, but it sure is not a good one!
B00000G3AZ|4.0|Douglas McGrath's 1996 version of &quot;Emma&quot; is an absolute delight!  Modern actors put a new and fresh spin on a timeless classic.  Emma's character is brilliantly captured by award-winning actress, Gwyneth Paltrow.  The viewer can sympathize with Emma, despise Emma, and fall in love with Emma all in a matter of two hours.  Emma's innocence and good heart is exactly what causes pain to many.  It is this age-old internal struggle that makes you fall in love with Emma.  Emma's escapades will have you wondering, laughing, and may even jerk a tear from your eye.  The modern actors bring a fresh look to a story that will live on forever. Emma is the upscale twenty-one year old daughter of Mr. Woodhouse(played by Denys Hawthorne).  Emma is a good natured, yet very sheltered girl with an amusement for the art of matchmaking.  Emma has been quite successful at making matches among her friends and neighbors.  It is Emma's success that is her failure.  As Emma becomes more successful at making matches, she obtains a sense of graditude and learns to endulge in self-reward.  Making others happy is soon overcome by her own obsession to be successful at making them happy.  To the townspeople, Emma is a symbol of perfection.  There are two people who are able to see Emma's faults, Mr. Knightly and the viewer.  Emma depises the fact that Mr. Knightly (played by Jeremy Northam) is able to see her faults and call her on them.  As Emma matures throughout the movie, it is the honesty of Mr. Knightly that she learns to love.  One of the main themes in the movie is the old adage &quot;you find love where you least expect it&quot;.  Emma definately finds love where and when she least expects it.  It is a bit ironis that Emma falls in love while attempting to make others fall in love.  During Emma's failures, she confides in her only true friend, Mr. Knightly.  Emma and Mr. Knightly's solid friendship is the foundation for what is to be a healthy relationship.  &quot;Emma&quot; is afriendly reminder to us all...that the one you love the most, may very well be the one you considered least.<br />~Joel Maxam~
B000002NIW|5.0|After 3 amazing cds, after proving their one of the best, if not the best live band around, how could anybody be left saying &quot;I don't like the Deftones&quot;<br />The fact is, this cd is to the point but not the kind of edgy that lacks feeling. This is a very emotional album. Be Quiet And Drive and Mascara are great examples.<br />Deftones didn't lose their hardcore edge from Adrenaline at all though...songs like the classic &quot;Headup&quot; with Max Calavera from Soulfly/Sepultura and &quot;My Own Summer&quot; the first single give this album the metal stylings that die hard fans crave from the Deftones.<br />Around The Fur is probably the most well balanced album I ever heard, and this was the beginning of a good thing, the softer side of The Deftones....metal has a point beyond just screaming and moshing.....and they are The Deftones.
B00000G3AZ|4.0|Douglas McGrath's 1996 version of &quot;Emma&quot; is an absolute delight!  Modern actors put a new and fresh spin on a timeless classic.  Emma's character is brilliantly captured by award-winning actress, Gwyneth Paltrow.  The viewer can sympathize with Emma, despise Emma, and fall in love with Emma all in a matter of two hours.  Emma's innocence and good heart is exactly what causes pain to many.  It is this age-old internal struggle that makes you fall in love with Emma.  Emma's escapades will have you wondering, laughing, and may even jerk a tear from your eye.  The modern actors bring a fresh look to a story that will live on forever. Emma is the upscale twenty-one year old daughter of Mr. Woodhouse(played by Denys Hawthorne).  Emma is a good natured, yet very sheltered girl with an amusement for the art of matchmaking.  Emma has been quite successful at making matches among her friends and neighbors.  It is Emma's success that is her failure.  As Emma becomes more successful at making matches, she obtains a sense of graditude and learns to endulge in self-reward.  Making others happy is soon overcome by her own obsession to be successful at making them happy.  To the townspeople, Emma is a symbol of perfection.  There are two people who are able to see Emma's faults, Mr. Knightly and the viewer.  Emma depises the fact that Mr. Knightly (played by Jeremy Northam) is able to see her faults and call her on them.  As Emma matures throughout the movie, it is the honesty of Mr. Knightly that she learns to love.  One of the main themes in the movie is the old adage &quot;you find love where you least expect it&quot;.  Emma definately finds love where and when she least expects it.  It is a bit ironis that Emma falls in love while attempting to make others fall in love.  During Emma's failures, she confides in her only true friend, Mr. Knightly.  Emma and Mr. Knightly's solid friendship is the foundation for what is to be a healthy relationship.  &quot;Emma&quot; is afriendly reminder to us all...that the one you love the most, may very well be the one you considered least.<br />~Joel Maxam~
0790729628|4.0|Harrison Ford has created an amazing number of memorable roles in his career but one of the most understated of these was in &quot;Blade Runner&quot;. He plays a cop called Deckard who is responsible for &quot;retiring&quot; rogue replicants, genetically engineered beings who are used by humanity in all those tasks which are dull, distasteful or dangerous. These futuristic slaves have abilities that are beyond the mere human but pay for it with very limited life-spans.<br />Ridley Scott adapted the film from the Philip K Dick novel, &quot;Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep.&quot; Scott is famous for cinematic visuals and whilst he doesn't stick very closely to the book, the overall design and special effects make this a ground breaking science fiction film. Released in 1982 it took the &quot;gritty Sci-Fi&quot; crown from &quot;Alien,&quot; Scott's film from three years earlier.  The world in 2019 is over populated, crime is rampant, the Japanese own the economy and most animal species are extinct. This is not an unnatural projection from an early eighties perspective.<br />Before I get too heavily into the narrative, I'd like to touch on the sensitive issue of version envy. The history of Blade Runner takes at least two turns. The initial theatrical release had less than brilliant exit polling. Apparently cinema goers thought it was confusing and too dark. The studio forced Scott to make changes, including Deckard's voice-over and a more upbeat ending. More recently, the directors cut transformed the film back into it's original format with a few extra minutes to flesh out some of the important relationships. In my opinion, both versions are worth watching.<br />The film focuses on Deckard for the most part. He is the character the audience most identifies with,  since he is apathetic and cynical by turns, as he goes through the motions of his meaningless existence. That is, until he meets his first Nexus 6 replicant, Rachael, who is posing as the niece of Eldon Tyrell, the genius (owner of the Tyrell Corporation, manufacturer of the Nexus 6 line). Rachael Tyrell(?) is played to perfection by Sean Young. She is not aware of her inhumanity and, thanks to implanted memories, plays her part so well she almost passes Deckard's replicant test. The poignancy of her enlightenment is not lost on the audience, nor is it lost on Deckard. Their reluctant attraction forms one of the stronger sub-plots in the film.<br />The first half of the story made me wonder if there was going to be any plot at all. Mind you, the setting was sumptuous and therefore enjoyable enough to mask the lack. We had glimpses of the group of Replicants Deckard was hunting but it is not until Roy Batty enters the picture in full, that we start to wonder if Deckard can pull it off. Roy, intensely played by Rutger Hauer, is a military model; strong, fast, smart  and persistent. He is the leader of the escaped replicants and has come to earth on a mission of his own. Like many of us, he does not want to die and is intent on infiltrating the Tyrell Corporation in the hope that some way can be found to side-step the untimely fate of all replicants.<br />The film is rich in symbolism and flooded with small but detailed characters like the origami artist Gaff. But the true heart of the story is the moral grey area. Can a good man condone what amounts to slavery? Is there no moral limit to genetic engineering? Is love possible between a man and a construct? Must we condemn a man for wanting to live, at any cost?<br />In the end, when Roy has Deckard dead-to-rights on a crumbling and rain-swept roof, he says, &quot;All those moments will be lost in time, like tears in rain.&quot; Roy allows Deckard to live, even as he dies, leaving us with the conclusion that Roy's only way to live past his use-by date, is through the memory of the man who set out to kill him.n Tyrell, the genius (owner of the Tyrell Corporation, manufacturer of the Nexus 6 line). Rachael Tyrell(?) is played to perfection by Sean Young. She is not aware of her inhumanity and, thanks to implanted memories, plays her part so well she almost passes Deckard's replicant test. The poignancy of her enlightenment is not lost on the audience, nor is it lost on Deckard. Their reluctant attraction forms one of the stronger sub-plots in the film. <br />The first half of the story made me wonder if there was going to be any plot at all. Mind you, the setting was sumptuous and therefore enjoyable enough to mask the lack. We had glimpses of the group of Replicants Deckard was hunting but it is not until Roy Batty enters the picture in full, that we start to wonder if Deckard can pull it off. Roy, intensely played by Rutger Hauer, is a military model; strong, fast, smart  and persistent. He is the leader of the escaped replicants and has come to earth on a mission of his own. Like many of us, he does not want to die and is intent on infiltrating the Tyrell Corporation in the hope that some way can be found to side-step the untimely fate of all replicants. <br />The film is rich in symbolism and flooded with small but detailed characters like the origami artist Gaff. But the true heart of the story is the moral grey area. Can a good man condone what amounts to slavery? Is there no moral limit to genetic engineering? Is love possible between a man and a construct? Must we condemn a man for wanting to live, at any cost? <br />In the end, when Roy has Deckard dead-to-rights on a crumbling and rain-swept roof, he says, &quot;All those moments will be lost in time, like tears in rain.&quot; Roy allows Deckard to live, even as he dies, leaving us with the conclusion that Roy's only way to live past his use-by date, is through the memory of the man who set out to kill him.
B0000558LN|3.0|First off, this movie isn't as bad as the critics said it was. However, if you're an obsessed Tyra Banks fan (like me) you should know that she has LESS THAN 10 MINUTES worth of screentime! Nothing against the other stars but, let's face it, Tyra fans always want more...and this film gives you less.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Love the selections, the progression and the technical quality of the recordings.
6300216039|4.0|Franco Zeffirelli's 1968 reproduction of the unforgettable tale, Romeo and Juliet, proved very true to Shakespearean standards.  This film did not go against the original work in hardly any ways but instead portrays the work as exact as I have ever seen.  For some people, like myself, this may prove to be enjoyable, while others may like more modernized adaptations.  This film would be a great aid in teaching the story of Romeo and Juliet to those who are not too familiar with Shakespeare.  The first time I viewed it was as a freshman in high school, having never been exposed to Shakespeare.  Struggling through the play somewhat as a class for a while we finished the unit by watching this version of Romeo and Juliet.  It was very helpful to see people acting out the words that were just read, making the story much more meaningful.  I am a firm believer that plays are written to be acted out and without the acting out part much of the drama is lost. Since this version of Romeo and Juliet portrays the story as true as possible, I find it a very enjoyable film. <br />  Zeffirelli does an excellent job in making the two main actors, Leonard Whiting and Olivia Hussey, depict both Romeo and Juliet as they seem in the text.  Also, using actual teenagers to play Romeo and Juliet was a good decision, something that worked well.  Other versions of this story have older actors playing these roles, making it less believable and making us forget how young the lovers really were.  The only complaint that I have about any of the acting in the entire film was probably not due so much to the ability of the actors themselves, but more so to the director who wanted to see Romeo and Juliet portrayed in a certain way.  To me Whiting played Romeo as very much a romantic, almost too much so.  This is something that I never picked up on as much by reading the text as I did by watching this film.  Also, Hussey played Juliet almost a little exaggerated as a whiny young girl.  Again, this wassomething I never picked up on when reading Romeo and Juliet, but was probably done because it was looked at as adding to the depth of the story.  Both Whiting's and Hussey's performances were solid, however, no matter how their characters were depicted at times.  Other strong performances can be seen in Lord Capulet, Lord Montague, Friar Laurence, and Juliet's Nurse.  <br />In deciding whether to view this film again or another version of Romeo and Juliet, such as Baz Luhrman's 1996 version, I would recommend that anyone who has seen either of them indeed view both.  The difference in these films lies in whether or not one desires a classic telling of the story with solid acting and a classic scenery, or a much more modernized version also with strong acting but current scenery.  Both version are great films almost too different to compare.  If the main purpose of one's viewing this timeless story is to learn it the way Shakespeare had meant it to be, however, I would definitely recommend this 1968 version.
B00004S6GL|5.0|If you feel like tapping your foot or playing air guitar; if you need a vicarious glimpse into someone else's pain; if you want to raise a chalice in toast to the world's bleeding hearts, then there's an opening here for your fetish to be satisfied.<br />Here's a voice of heartbreak, scaling eight notes inside a syllable to make the aural incision, to lull you into a harmonious drift until the guitar plucks as if at your eyes. The smooth surface of this record is a aching, beautiful veneer. All is not as it seems. <br />Musically, the bob of guitars and smears of organ disguise and complement what is lyrically fierce, bittersweet and raw as a bitten lip. The city casts its smoky shadow across the dense population of instrumentation that fills the wide streets of the tracks and colours the dark attitudes of the personae given voice as channels of ES' experience: the policeman directing traffic, the hitchhiker, the leaver, the left. <br />This is where the lonely come to celebrate their position, where fractured lives and the emotional detail of folk who exist beyond 'OK' and 'not-OK' can revel in the epic surround-sound of 'Everything Means Nothing To Me' and the rapturous swirls of creamy strings and vocals blending with the blackest coffee of hurt and wry disappointment. There's a dark mirror here for anyone prepared to look. The truth of this art, this music, will never just be confessional, though: as ES says himself:<br />'The enemy is within/ Don't confuse me with him'
0894803123|5.0|We tried making the recipie for light choclate ice cream, and it turned out to be the richest ice cream I've ever had (and I am an ice cream snob). Very good, but you could only eat a few bites. The recipies are great, and you learn a lot about what makes good ice cream opposed to the 99 cent specials. The only way to improve on a good type of ice cream is to make it at home and get that home-made texture. (Picture a salivating mouth).
B000050FEN|5.0|Whew!  Even though I've seen this movie plenty of times, I've never seen it like this!  The one thing that I noticed was the clarity.  Seven is a very dark movie both psycologicaly and physicaly.  I was able to see things for the first time.  It really makes the movie more enjoyable.  Secondly, and most important, the sound.  The movie is already creepy, but when you &quot;pump up the sound&quot; on this puppy you are in for a big treat.  You can hear all of the little noises that make your skin crawl.  What a rush!  As for the extras, well, knowing it was a Fincher release, and already having purchased Fight Club, I knew I wouldn't be disappointed.  Lots of stuff to tool around with, and keep you busy for a good long time.  I eagerly anticipated this DVD release and I was correct in my assumption  that this would be a must-have in my DVD collection.
B00003CXDG|5.0|Sure..The first one was good..but a bit on the dull side.This one on the other hand had a great love story, Great action sequences..The way Woo makes the actors move..the way he shoots his camera.I thought it was indeed better then the first..but not as good as Woo's previous masterpiece..&quot;Face/Off&quot;..But..the Bike chase stands next to the boat chase in my book..
6300216039|5.0|This glorified story of Shakespeare's two star crossed lovers has been told countless times, again and again, but this version written by Franco Brusati and Maestro D'Amico and directed by Franco Zeffererelli is the best to this date. Through their eyes we see their vision of these two youngsters of ill fate. This version was, and still is the best, because it was the first production of Romeo and Juliet to use actual teenagers in the major roles, Romeo and Juliet. This film catches the eye from the opening scene and you are totally enthraled throughout, even though most everyone knows what the outcome of the story is. In the first scene we get transported to a time most of us have only daydreamed about. The set that was used for this film was truly amazing because it took you back to the time of Romeo and Juliet without portraying the 1960's (when the movie was made), which makes this an accurate retelling of this timeless classic. The costumes were positively exquisite, especially in the famous Masquerade Ball scene. The costumes actually looked like they could be from that time era, which makes the film seem more real overall. The only thing that is questionable about this scene is that if the Capulet's family color was orange, which is mirrored by their clothes, and the Montague's purple- why did Romeo and his friends think they could get away with going to the Capulet's ball and not be noticed? In doing a review of Romeo and Juliet, how could you not comment on the famous balcony scene? It was an absolutely breathtaking performance by Leonard Whiting(Romeo) and Olivia Hussey(Juliet). Even though it is hard to believe that two young teenagers can fall in love so quickly, nevertheless saying they want to get married so soon and actually believing it( just incredibly unbelievable these days), but putting that all aside it made me feel as if it could really happen. Throughout this scene, as well as the rest of the movie, the audience is able to get wrapped up in the emotions of the characters, mainly Romeo and Juliet,  through the music. The music that was played throughout the film, not only tugged at the heartstrings but also truly added the film as a whole. Overall I thought that Leonard Whiting(Romeo) did a pretty good job, even though I think that he came off as being a little more ditzy than the play revealed. Sure, he was suppose to be a lover, not a fighter... but that was a bit overplayed. Olivia Hussey's role as Juliet was a little more whiny than the usual take on Juliet, but conveyed that of exactly what she was, a young thirteen year old, trying to mature into an adult.  Michael York gave a wonderful performance as the young hot headed Capulet, Tybalt. He showed his anger beautifully through his seemingly cool exterior. Milo O'Shea played the part of Friar Laurence fantastically. Overall he was somewhat manipulative (by marrying Romeo and Juliet secretly), but all he really wanted was for his fair city Verona's leading families to be at peace with each other. I have to stress that this is the best version of Romeo and Juliet that anyone could possibly see, so go out and rent it today!
B000002BUY|5.0|Diversity is the key- from the didjeridu at the beginning of &quot;redefine&quot; to the loud aggressive guitars in &quot;new skin&quot; to the dark and intriguing interlude of &quot;magic medicine&quot; to the funky saxophone on &quot;summer romance&quot; to the insanity of &quot;calgone&quot; and the extra track after it, not to mention the amazing guitar licks, meaningful lyrics, and talented turntable action, incubus proves multi-talented in this mind-blowing album. You will love every track for different reasons, and all of those reasons together are enough to show you that if you're impressed by the incubus that you're hearing on the radio, they've been impressive since their beginnings, and you won't want to miss out on all of their great songs.
0671027344|3.0|The Perks of Being a Wallflower by Stephen Chbosky is a fast and easy Diary style novel.  Charlie writes letters to an anonymous friend.  His letters are about his life: school and teachers, friends and family, sex, drugs, rock and roll.  I suppose we are supposed to be moved by the things he writes, but I have to say, I never felt much for any of the characters in this story, as they were very flat.  It was an entertaining, &quot;read it in one night&quot; book, but don't expect much more than that.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Although it seems it's been the most reviewed movie of 2000, I can't refrain from saying a few words in its praise. If you're not blind or from Mars, you must have seen this epic &quot;how a general became a slave, the slave became a gladiator, the gladiator who defied an emperor&quot;.<br />The movie has been compared to Ben Hur and Spartacus (from which it drastically differs, having in common only historical background and costumes; as Star Wars of 1977 differs from Phantom Menace 1999; it has been compared to Braveheart (the latter being much more steeped in patriotism and historical inaccuracy). It has also been blamed for being theatrical (and it is) and pathetic (oh, thumbs up), and illogical (indeed, flight to Spain over hundreds of kms to save his family and this abduction of Maximus by slave-traders are, well, unconvincing.<br />Its success has been cemented by three ingredients: R Scott's director's genius and talent &quot;to create worlds&quot;, R Crowe's colossal charismatic performance that as magnet glues your eyes to screen whenever he's in frame and CGIs. However, so much has been dwelt on their grandeur in creating the world of the Ancient Rome, that I'll skip this part. All the CGIs prove once more that still (and thank God), movies are held together and brought to fame by actors. R Crowe fits in perfectly (imagine someone else in his place now? Impossible!), he's of the new actors whose talent comes from within - you can rewatch some scenes for a dozen times only to catch change of emotions on his face or expression of eyes (exhibit 1: Maximus scraping off Pretorian insignia from his shoulder - mixture of choked up pain, hatred and wry humor; exhibit 2: last conversation with Commodus - mixture of hatred, defiance and surprise and many others). Well, I like him so much I'd spare you and save the extra-space of this site. Watch for him, he'll get his Oscar if not this year, then the next.<br />The supporting cast is harmonious as well: especially J Phoenix: although his Commodus is a capricious spiled brat, but watch his royal profile and gait, contempt in cold eyes and hidden fear. C Nielsen as his sister is not less ambitious and powerful, only in a more subtle way (I'd bet she was the one to jilt Maximus, not the other way round). The music is opera-suiting, sounds in your brain long after the movie is over.<br />The finale is ... well, the best you can expect from Hollywood. Pathos is towering to heaven, but still sends shivers down your spine and mist into your eyes. I'd ask happy DVD owners: has there been any alternative ending in mind?<br />To sum it up, although I'm a VERY BIG movie fan, it's the first movie EVER that I've watched for 4 times during last 1.5 months. It's a treasure for your home collection.<br />PS: My greatest fear now is that R Crowe will squander his newly minted stardom and huge talent on some brain-dumb movie. Greatest hope - maybe someone will dare to revive Spartacus or come up with story of Alexander?J Phoenix: although his Commodus is a capricious spiled brat, but watch his royal profile and gait, contempt in cold eyes and hidden fear. C Nielsen as his sister is not less ambitious and powerful, only in a more subtle way (I'd bet she was the one to jilt Maximus, not the other way round). The music is opera-suiting, sounds in your brain long after the movie is over.<br />The finale is ... well, the best you can expect from Hollywood. Pathos is towering to heaven, but still sends shivers down your spine and mist into your eyes. I'd ask happy DVD owners: has there been any alternative ending in mind?<br />To sum it up, although I'm a VERY BIG movie fan, it's the first movie EVER that I've watched for 4 times during last 1.5 months. It's a treasure for your home collection.<br />PS: My greatest fear now is that R Crowe will squander his newly minted stardom and huge talent on some brain-dumb movie. Greatest hope - maybe someone will dare to revive Spartacus or come up with story of Alexander?
0790729342|5.0|Action movies remind me of the true beauty of motion pictures, how a story can be told through visual arrangement and motion across the frame, instead of dead dialog and two motionless actors conversing.  Those movies are like filmed plays, while others draw from their silent black &amp; white roots, telling stories without words.  Road Warrior contains one of the finest examples of this - such a small moment, a minor obstacle overcome, yet which dances boldly across the screen like a painter.  <br />Here is the magic, shot by shot.  Halfway through the final chase sequence, a red hotrod approaches Max's big rig truck from behind with intention to kill him.  In a shot that has been copied many times, Max emerges from the cab and thrusts his shotgun into the camera - forced perspective, moving right then left, back to front in a zig-zag across the screen.  Bad guy's head explodes like a firecracker, and we are treated to a scream of delight from Max's wild wolf-boy friend - an animalistic reaction to violence ironically given from a child raised by animals.<br />Now we have a series of jump cuts which tell the little story of the red car losing control and hitting other bad guy vehicles.  That little story is closed by the famous and almost peaceful shot of one man flipping head over heels in a horizontal fall, again in forced perspective flying at the camera.  Now another series of jump cuts as we jump back to the red hotrod and it's fight to stay out from under Max's huge wheels.  In a beautiful play of movement, the car dances in front of Max's truck, darting back and forth in front of Max and our screens like a dangling carrot, until we have a third masterful forced-perspective shot: the camera approaches the grill of the truck, then moves up and into the cab at Max, when Max finally ends this car's misery by nailing it in an explosion of gasoline and metal bits.  Such sick, twisted beauty...  Did you know that George Miller, the director of Road Warrior, also directed Babe?
B00000IAU3|5.0|I admit i am a roswell freak and when i found out about dido i leaped to get the cd.when i got i thought it would one of those purchases where you just like the song you bought it for, boy was i wrong. Dido's haunting haromies and charming voice with a great beat make me alternatly make me want to cry, and bop to the slow beat. i must say that her romantic lyrics and unsual voice which perfectly conquers high notes are really memorable, and very unique she is a blend of so many artists that it's just really her own. her &quot;song here with me&quot; was so memborable that I engineered a dance with my boyfriend with this song blasting and then kissed him, just to make it &quot;our song&quot;!! in other words i love it!!1
B00004U8JV|4.0|O, how easily we forget to watch for originality in a sequel. How our expectations about special effects dull our ability to hear the tale of one of this century's greatest filmmakers. True, Lost World is a mere collection of action sequences strung together in a thin plot. Character development is minimal, as is depth, but all these complaints can be made of the first film. What Spielberg does that so few directors do these days is make good action sequences. Most action scenes I watch today are simply mindless montages in which no intelligent conflict or suspense is established and therefore nothing is resolved. The good guys fight the bad guys, action, action, good guys win. <br />Spielberg sets up situations for his characters to get out of, gives you some idea of the resolution, then makes you sit in agonizing pain waiting for the resolution. For example, a double-linked RV is thrust dangerously over a tall cliff, and Julianne Moore falls to her certain death, only to be stopped by - a pane of glass. Not only does Spielberg show us the terrifying drop through this clear material, but the glass cracks and cries in perfect eeriness. Cue intense audience anguish. Now cut to the scene atop the cliff, as the only character not in the RV races to tie a rope to a tree and rescue Julianne.  A simple task, were it not for the 2 angry T-Rexs hiding in the jungle you see filling every inch of the screen. Cue increased audience anguish. The final moment where Julianne (and friends) hang onto this rope while the RV falls down the cliff around them is, well, it's just as amazing as it sounds.<br />Spielberg takes his time in setting up conflict - he shows you the opposing forces, maybe a T-Rex and a bunch of sleeping human beings, and also establishes location, so you know how far away danger is, what direction safety is and how far away, etc. Compare this to a movie like Gone in 60 Seconds, which just has a random array of cars, swerving left, now swerving right, with no sense of order. Only the techno-rap soundtrack reminds you not to get a headache.  Watch Lost World if just to see Steven's wordless stories unfold before your eyes.
B000002BUY|4.0|This is an excellent cd from start to finish.  It has all of the scratchy sounds and catchy riffs of Make Yourself but none of the lame lyrics.  It packs a solid guitar punch with the some the best intros(such as New Skin and A Certain Shade of Green). It also includes tremendous vocals.  This cd will first rock you, then amaze you and then finally make you think.
0553573403|5.0|I purchased the hardcover of this book two years ago. It has  collected dust until last Thursday, 10 January. Eight days and  674 pages later; I find myself in awe of Mr.Martin's work (A Game Of Thrones). His characters come alive in this tale- trilogy of power, corruption, lies, deceit, love, honor, valor etc.. You will find yourself cheering for any given character in one breath and forty pages later hating or despising that same character. The book and characters are NOT predicatable..a refreshing change I feverently welcome.  Trust me when I say this book is more than just a fantasy novel.  Mr. Martin has set a standard that will henceforth separate the pretenders from the contenders of literary genuis in this genre. I've read Jordan and many others but in my opinion G.R.R. Martin and  Robin Hobb (Farseer Trilogy)are at the top of their craft in Epic Fantasy.  I can hardly wait to start Clash of Kings tonight; because now I realize the truth... &quot;Winter is Coming&quot; and when it arrives, it wont be something nice :-). I hope my words have helped sway you to partake in this reading treasure.
B000002MZ6|5.0|I just had to write a review, after reading the postive feedback to this wonderful CD.  I first heard this CD, when i went back to my homecountry, Sweden, where a friend had purchased it.  I loved the resonant feel of this album. The outer worldliness of it.  The black cover, with a blue stingray flying in space above Earth, just adds to the feel of the album, and this cover represents the music so well.  This black cover I'm talking about is actually different from the one shown on this page.  I'm not sure which is the original.<br />I had to buy this album, as soon as I got back to my country, New Zealand.  I had to OWN this.  and yes, the CRYSTAL CLEAR sound was still there.  Nothing had changed. It had maybe just gotten better, with my anticipation to hear it again.<br />Yes, you guessed it, I recommend this deep space explorer album deeply! :-)  The only slight disappointment with it, is the ending.  African chanting... I just don't feel it fits into the rest of the album.   But it's forgivable, considering how good the rest of the album.<br />Thank you for reading! and happy listening. (for years to come)
B00004TH7Z|5.0|I must the happiest guy alive! Maiden is back.  I am so sick of rap-rock crossovers, boy bands, radio garbage!!!  Does anyone play guitar anymore???  Just when I had given up searching, Brave New World came along and pulled me from despair...<br />OK, it's a little dramatic, but this album harkens back to the day when Powerslave ruled!  There is nothing like air-raid siren whaling at the top of his lungs while dual guitars harmonize in the background.  I get shivers every time I listen to this album, especially Out Of The Silent Planet.  This could Maiden's best album.  Up the irons, rivetheads!!!
0684853523|5.0|You can not come away from this book without respect for this man, despite the F word, the leathers, the drugs and alcohol and those horror books. He's had more crises than Liz Taylor - well, almost. He's only in his fifties. Despite the trappings of a renegade, he espouses traditional New England values like honesty, hard work, discipline, love for his one and only wife and respect for his mother. He displays intelligence and wit throughout this book. I was moved by his description of his writing desk and its place in his life. When I dream of a hunk - this is it. All the muscle is between the ears.
B00004Z4WQ|4.0|Before I start ranting about how funny this movie is, I have to get this off of my chest - Scary Movie is one of the worst movies ever!  By far and away, this is complete trash.  It is just that as another member of society, trash like this is not only acceptable, it is extremely entertaining.  There, I said it!  Scary Movie is awful as a movie, but you will be laughing like a trippin' hyena while you watch this.  <br />Do make sure you know a few quick facts before you buy this though:  it is gross, I have never seen a movie before where a guy literally gets stabbed by another guy's wang.  Not only that but the constant use of extremely sickening sex jokes and the frequent male nudity almost drove me to insanity the first time I watched this flick.  If you can get over this, you will find that this is one of the funniest flicks in years, much like I did.  I just hope that all comedies do not turn into this.
B000051VWW|5.0|&quot;Lovers Rock&quot; is the kind of music you want to be listening to if you leave near a beach, or are planning a trip to some sunny sea-splashed locale.  Sade's music and voice are so soothing and relaxing you'll wish you had a hammock to lie in with someone special. Every song rocks (or rather slowly simmers to a rewarding concoction), but I especially like &quot;All About Our Love.&quot;  I think this album is better than &quot;The Best of Sade&quot; (1994). If you are new to Sade's superb talent, then go out and buy &quot;Lovers Rock&quot; and be prepared to be swept away!
B00004YRQA|5.0|Basically, if you do not have a PS2 without the memory card, you have a bird without wings.  If you have a PS2 with a memory card made by some company other than sony, then you have a crippled bird (but it does have wings).  If you buy this official memory card, your bird soars.  Ok, if the cheesy bird analogy doesn't work, let's put it this way, this is the only PS2 memory card that has enough reliability to keep my save games safe, this is simply the best way to go in terms of getting your PS2 memory card.  3rd party peripherals just do not cut it, if you want the best you can get, get this.
6304119046|5.0|Citizen Kane tells the story of the rise, and some would say, fall of a powerful man.  Based largely on the life of media mogul William Randolph Hearst, this has all the elements of a great movie.  The story of Charles Foster Kane is given to us at the beginning of the film in a sort of parody of the newsreels common in that day.  This is to be the bare bones of all the disjointed scenes of his life.  With each retelling of parts of his life, we are treated to more layers and understanding.<br />Charles Foster Kane began his life quite poor and the son of a sometimes abusive, sometimes loving father.  His mother, when she comes into a large amount of money, makes the ultimate sacrifice and sends him away from the father who, she believes will harm her son.  This is a good time to mention Agnes Moorehead's portrayal of Kane's mother.  It is intricately done and fascinating to watch.  What might have been considered a heartless character in that she sends her only child away is actually a heart wrenching moment in which a loving mother does the only thing she can do.  She tries to give her son a better life.  Kane eventually makes for himself a huge empire starting with the Inquirer, the first newspaper he gained control of on a whim.<br />Another brilliant stroke intended to keep us enthralled is the storyline that threads throughout the film.  A reporter, Thompson, tries to find out the meaning of Kane's dying word, &quot;rosebud.&quot;  Throughout all his meetings with Kane's former friends he never finds its meaning.  &quot;I don't think any word can describe a man's life.&quot;  This is certainly the case in this movie, when a man changes from freshly idealistic to bitter with impotent rage.  He goes from having control over his entire world to watching helplessly as his wife leaves him.  <br />Many scenes in the film are visually stunning.  Xanadu, the unfinished and yet decaying mansion represents Kane's life.  Though he is capable of so much more, he dies without accomplishing it all.  Kane and Susan, together in the hall of Xanadu are viewed far apart, representing more than their physical distance from one another.  A device used often in this film is the long shot in which all objects in the shot are in focus.  In many of them, Kane is made to appear larger than life, dwarfing other characters in the scene.  Although in some scenes, such as when his mother is literally signing him away, he is seen blissfully ignorant, playing in the snow outside...an almost invisible figure.  In addition, when he is signing many of his holdings away, it is he that is dwarfed by the large window above him.  These different perceptions of his size are used skillfully to inform us of his current status in life.<br />The theme that has the most impact for me is the idea that, all his life, Kane wanted only for people to love him.  His problem was that he could not love in return.  We are all afraid of being hurt this way.  How many times have we wanted love without the risk of letting our own hearts in on it?  It is terrifying to think that we could lose these chances just as Charles Foster Kane does.  <br />This film, infinitely complex, is rightly considered to be one of the best American films of all time.  Its layers and mystery will keep viewers enthralled for years to come.
0767802659|3.0|Frankly, I love the Starship Troopers movie despite the fact that it does a pretty bad job of following the book.  The movie is action-packed and the special fx are absolutely amazing.  <br />Unfortunately, the DVD version is one of the biggest annoyances I have ever come across in movie history.  This 2-sided DVD concept is really starting to annoy me, especially with some of the thinking behind this one.  Why use 2-sided discs to begin with, it is too easy to scratch up one side even if you take the best care of it, and then you have to flip the dang disc just to see any special features, a task that proves quite an annoyance.  The only time that 2-sided discs are acceptable is if you have different screen sizes of the full disc on each side.<br />I do not recommend this DVD, despite the movie being great, that is of course unless you do not mind flipping the disc or you just want to see the movie.  I for one just watch the movies for the most part, but I do eventually get around to the features, so your viewing habits should definitely come into play before you make a buying decision.
0451167716|5.0|I thought The Godfather was a great book.  It kept the reader interested.  I liked how Michael didn't want to be part of the family business and at the end took control.  Each brother had their own characteristics and everyone in the family business completed it.  It was neat how so many people had so much respect for The Don and how so many people went to him for help.  I also liked how things were done so fast.  When someone needed to be killed it was set up so carefully and done so clean.  It kind of disapointed me how Michael started treating his wife, Kay.  He shouldn't of lied about killing Connies husband.  Everyone watched each others back in this book and if they screwed up they were killed.  My favorite part was when the directer wouldn't give the part to that man and nothing would convince him until the horses head was cut off and put in his bed.  There is so much power in that business.  I also liked how that book was written.  each section it put a new persons view and kind of a new story but it all linked together. Overall I thought The Godfather was a great book and I recomend it for everyone doesn't and does like to read.
0060930187|4.0|The Bell Jar, by Sylvia Plath is the story of a young woman who progresses into a condition of serious mental illness.  The book begins with Esther, the main character and narrator, having some very troubling thoughts.  She is obsessed with the mental image of the execution of a couple convicted of treason.   Esther recalls this part of her life as the beginning of her illness and a time of losing control.  During a month-long stay at an expensive hotel in New York, we discover that Esther does not identify with any of the other young women who are staying there.  She feels alienated from and inferior to them.            When Esther becomes sick with food poisoning, she stays in bed and does nothing.  She seems to be comfortable with being physically ill because it seems logical with her mental state.  It gives her an excuse to lay around and do nothing, which is what she really wants to do.  She is also able to avoid being around the people she doesn't fit in with, the wealthy young women.  She is more comfortable being alone in bed than she would be dealing with others.       When Esther is invited to go on a date with Constantin, she starts remembering a relationship she had in the past with Buddy Willard.  She was more interested in what impression she made on the other girls in college than she was in a real relationship with Buddy.  By going out with Buddy, she thought she would fit in better with the other girls.  When Esther decides to go out with Constantin, she plans to lose her virginity believing this would make her more independent.  When things don't work out with Constantin, she decides that she never wants to get married because that would stifle her ability to write poetry.  She imagines that marriage would restrict her.             After a very frightening encounter with another man, Esther goes back home to Massachusetts where her illness begins to get much worse.  She hears her own voice as a zombie voice and is losing touch with reality.  She goes to see her doctor who sends her to a psychiatrist.  When Esther goes to see Dr. Gordon and shows him a paper that she had written in childish handwriting, he prepares her for electric shock therapy.  The treatments are painful and Esther no longer trusts Dr. Gordon.  After this, Esther begins to plan her suicide.  Her death is the only thing she thinks about.  When Esther takes an overdose of sleeping pills, she is sent to another hospital in the country.  At this hospital, she meets Joan, an old friend from college.  Joan is suffering from mental illness as well, but doesn't appear to be as sick as Esther.           When Esther does finally succeed in losing her virginity, she ends up with serious bleeding and must be treated in a hospital.  Esther has a hard time understanding why her body is injured.  She thought this would make her independent, but instead, she is more convinced of her problems.  While she is recovering, she learns that Joan has committed suicide.   Esther is very disturbed by this because she thought Joan was in better shape than she was.  After this, Esther realizes that a relationship with a man is not important to her.  She feels she doesn't need this kind of relationship to be well.  But when she leaves the hospital, she is concerned about how long she will be well before her symptoms begin again.  This is what she calls the Bell Jar.  Her illness makes her feel like she is trapped in a jar and she doesn't want to go through that again.
0790729628|2.0|Never having seen the movie (or at least remembering it), I bought the dvd because I hear of it being one of the great science fiction movies. The movie is slow without much plot and character development, and contains entirely too little action for a movie of it's theme. The music I think is terrible - I wished someone would've rescored the whole movie. The art direction is very good although some special effects are less than par (too often you see cars suspended from cables). The dvd is about as bare as you can get, containing basically no extras - even the &quot;jump to a scene&quot; option only gives about 9 &quot;jumping in&quot; places, about every 3-6 chapters. It should at least have the theatrical trailer which is standard on nearly all dvds. I find the fact that the dvd contained both the standard and widescreen versions to be a plus though. Even if you like the movie, you will find much lacking from the dvd.
0767903854|4.0|Bill Bryson has written a thoroughly entertaining book on the country that I have been born in and adore very much.<br />I have learn't some facts about my own country which I did not know of such as the downing of the &quot;kookaburra&quot; airplane and the death of its occupants whilst looking for Kingsford Smith in the 1930's. As a nation, we tend to look toward overseas for news worthy items.<br />Bryson adds a touch of comedy to his adventures with a tongue in cheek attitude.  The perils of this country are taken for granted as they will not harm you as long as you keep out of there way!<br />Bryson's speedy jaunt around the country captured a number of things that I would like to do (and plan to do in the future) and I have found his book would be a worthwhile travelling companion on these future ventures.<br />My wife and I, (who raced me to the finish so that I could not discuss Bill's latest troubles) recommend it highly. However, future travellers to Australia should get away from the captial cities ad go bush to discover the real country and not be put off by Bill'fear of a few snakes and spiders (and jellyfish, sunburn, etc).
B00003CWL6|4.0|This is a great movie and has nearly everything going for it. It is so good that I can't add much to what others have said. This dvd has probably the most enjoyable commentary (by Ball &amp; Mendes) that I have ever listened to and has many great extras. What's missing though (which is why I only gave this dvd 4 stars) is the deleted &quot;outtakes&quot; scenes that are conspicuously missing. These scenes are talked about during the commentary by Sam Mendes as if they were supposed to have been included on the dvd. Deleted scenes/alternate endings/outtakes are among the most enjoyable things dvds have to offer. That said, I heartily praise the dvd as being amongst the best I have in my collection and recommend it for anyone.
B000031XCR|5.0|I still remember hearing Celine for the first time...I was working a small-town radio station in Oregon at the time when she released 'Where Does My Heart Beat Now'--what a great song-- AND it never received the success I felt it had deserved...but I just KNEW I had heard the beginning of an amazing career...of course what I didn't know at that time was that was her FIRST album in ENGLISH, she had released something like 16 OTHER records in French...well Celine was on her way, and history will note that this is one woman with a voice gifted from the Almighty Himself.<br />I am the first to admit that radio nearly RUINED 'My Heart Will Go On'...but aside from that it really WAS a great song, wasn't it?  I caught her in concert a year or so ago, and was totally blown away at her tremendous stage presence and ability to sing in concert just as good as she sounds recorded.  I in particular enjoyed her live version of 'To Love You More' it brought the hairs on the nape of my neck to full attention.  WOW!!  To think that she is only NOW retiring after being in the (American) public for just about 10 years seems almost criminal, but I'd be a hypocrite if I couldn't support her desires to put family first.  I for one look forward to the day when Celine comes back OUT of retirement and to the delight of fans the world over, continue to do what she does so well, sing like no other pop star in history.  If you enjoy superior soft hits, you need look no further than this CD, it truly IS one to treasure.  Highly Recommended.
B00003CWN3|5.0|Probably the most important film of last year, &quot;Boys Don't Cry&quot; takes an unflinching look at sexual identity and the disturbingly monstrous hate crimes that topic can, on occasion, inspire.  Brandon Teena, as portrayed by Hilary Swank, is no pillar of virtue.  In fact, she's presented as a dishonest thief who spends her life telling lies to get what she wants.  That's what makes this film so devastating, its truthful representation of all these characters as deeply flawed human beings careening toward inevitable tragedy.  The senselessness of the hate crime resonates deeply, and hopefully will make everyone take a breath and think twice about their own levels of tolerance.  Hateful thoughts lead to hateful speech which leads to hateful actions.  &quot;Boys Don't Cry&quot; is a reminder that our actions have enormous power and that power can be used to prevent this sort of tragedy in the future.
B000055ZDT|5.0|Ah, the mighty Wizard are back! Dopethrone qualifies as one of the most visceral pieces of music I've ever heard.  If your woofers can handle it, crank up Funeralopolis and &quot;feel&quot; the rumble of bass-heavy riffs lift you off the ground and then force your face back into the abyss!  Continuing with the three part epic &quot;Weird Tales&quot;, the British lads remind us that they can also stimulate the listener with ambient, trance-like effects in contrast to the usual bombast.  In short, Electric Wizard's Dopethrone should contribute to the band's legacy as one of the heaviest bands on earth!  Listening to this generates an excitement that only appears when I hear a new form of music (remember the first time you heard Number of the Beast?)  Hail the Wizard!
B000001EGE|3.0|After the sprawling sounds of his first four albums, Honky Chateau finds Elton John moving in a more commercial direction.  The songs are shorter and punchier.  While this produced one his most enduring songs, &quot;Rocket Man&quot;, it doesn't always work.  &quot;Rocket Man&quot; is a certified pop classic and has become so identifiable with Mr. John that it has become an appellation of his.  &quot;Honky Cat&quot; lives up to its name with its honky tonk keyboards.  &quot;Mona Lisa &amp; Mad Hatters&quot; is nice ballad and &quot;Hercules&quot; is a spry rocker that closes out the album.  The rest of the album is spotty with songs like &quot;I Think I'm Gonna Kill Myself&quot;, &quot;Mellow&quot; and &quot;Susie (Dramas)&quot; being misses.  The change to a more commercial direction was a wise though as Honky Chateau became Elton John's first number one album and started an incredible streak of seven consecutive number one albums.
B0000021RL|3.0|&quot;Experimental&quot; popular music usually doesn't thrill consumers. Unlike genres such as jazz or opera, pop is supposed to appeal to the masses &amp; sell the big units; that's why it's called &quot;pop.&quot; Hence, pop albums with some 25 minutes worth of instrumental fusion before a vocal is even croaked out would not be expected to chart #1. That's how good the second half of CHICAGO VII is.<br />Not that I don't dig Album 1 of CHICAGO VII, I just think it walks a fine line between OK fusion &amp; the &quot;new direction of Spinal Tap.&quot;     Some jazz/prog dudes might disagree, but self-indulgence doesn't  automatically mean good music. I mean, I like DEVIL'S SUITE, but the drum solo? Robert Lamm's ITALIAN FROM NEW YORK sports usually innovative Terry Kath's wah pedal doodle, &amp; even I get bored. AIRE &amp; HANKY PANKY are really the only completely successful tracks on Album 1, and they're comparatively short. The 1st vocal track, LIFE SAVER, begins with the coolest of grooves, but quickly dies. Peter Cetera's HAPPY MAN is a displaced weary ballad amongst all these &quot;artistic statements&quot; on Album 1.<br />Album 2 is a different animal. Jimmy Pankow's superb #9 single (I'VE BEEN) SEARCHING SO LONG sneaks up only to explode in a powerful array of horns &amp; strings. Pankow's short instrumental,  MONGONUCLEOSIS, is a conga driven, brass-laden, Latin delight.  <br />Three of Chicago's most exquisite songs then fall in a row. Kath's SONG OF THE EVRGREENS, beautifully vocalized by Lee Loughnane, is an homage to winter that defies categorization. Equally singular is Kath's Spanish style BYBLOS, about a chance encounter and it's effect, but it's the incredible acoustic chords, modulations, and vocals of Kath that linger. Finally, peaceful tidal waves give way to Cetera's WISHING YOU WERE HERE, a #11 single &amp; one of Chicago's few ethereal hits. Strangely, of the three, only WISHING contains  horns, and very little.<br />CALL ON ME by Loughnane,a #6 single, is bouncy &amp; Latino-influenced. Lamm's badass R&amp;B WOMEN DON'T WANT TO LOVE ME features a killer horn groove. Only Lamm's solo album leftover, SKINNY BOY, misfires on Album 2.<br />Chicago was so big in 1974, Walt Parazaider said they could &quot;fart on record &amp; it would sell.&quot; Indeed, VII soared to #1, in spite of sevral instrumental flatulations. Their follow-up, CHICAGO VIII, would portray the musician's versatility in a much more palatable package.
B00000JTB2|5.0|First of all, Albert King is one of the most underrecognized blues men of all time.  He was clearly a major influence on Stevie Ray.  This recording is a GEM!!!  Top ten blues recording of all time. &quot;Matchbox Blues&quot; is especially good....But, start to finish this is a great recording.  OWN IT (if you don't already)!!
0060254920|5.0|Winner, in 1964, of the Caldecott Medal for the Most Distinguished Picture Book of the Year, Where The Wild Things Are, by celebrated author-illustrator Maurice Sendak, was one of my favorite picture books as a kid and remains so to this day.  I have two nephews now, and I can't wait `til they're a little older so I can share Where The Wild Things Are with them.  Both the book and its author deserve every word of praise and every award they have earned in the last thirty-six years.  At the warm heart of Where The Wild Things Are is a boy named Max, who is determined to have as much fun as possible, even if having that fun means wreaking havoc throughout the house.  Before long, Max is, understandably, sent to his room without any supper for running wild and making so much mischief.  What's a boy sent to his room to do?  Why, go where the wild things are, of course!  As if by magic, Max's room transforms into a forest that grows and grows by leaps and bounds.  Then, an ocean tumbles by, complete with a private boat for a delight-ed Max.  Max hops in his private boat and sails to the land where the wild things are and where a glorious destiny awaits him.  After raising a ruckus with the fearsome creatures that are the wild things, Max begins to feel lonely, so he sails for home.  And there, on the table by his bed, a surprise that is a testament to a mother's love for her son, awaits.  No matter how old you are, the excitement of the story of Where The Wild Things Are is infectious and will hold you as well as your kids enthralled.  The story is accompanied by artwork that is as imaginative as it is richly detailed, and that compliments the delightful story on the perfect note.  I would also venture to add that Mr. Sendak's understated use of color throughout the book makes his pictures all the more vivid and exciting; each one seems to jump right off the page with a life of its own.  Where The Wild Things Are truly is a delightful treasure, and will serve as an on-going testament to the power of the imagination whether you are young or old.  Treat yourself and your kids to a copy of Where The Wild Things Are.  While you're in the market for picture books, I would also highly recommend The Polar Express, by Chris Van Allsburg, Miss Spider's Wedding by David Kirk, God Bless The Gargoyles by Dav Pilkey and Night Of The Gargoyles by Eve Bunting.  Enjoy!
B000002LK1|5.0|I cannot believe I did not write a review for Violator yet.  It is a gross unfairness considering Violator is one of the greatest albums of all time.  Violator produces a hit after a hit, nothing here will bore you.  There are no songs here that are true album sellers, except for perhaps &quot;Enjoy the Silence.&quot;  &quot;Sweetest Perfection&quot; is probably the worst song on the CD. This one is truly great.  If you do not have it, buy it now.
0780622642|1.0|WOW, was this a stinky movie!  This is what you call all special effects and no intelligence, plot, humor, or sense.  There was nothing in this movie to make me cry out, &quot;I'M A CHANGED MAN!&quot; after seeing it.  It's not even fun to make fun of.  It's just a total waste of time that you could use to do much better things.  Go bake a pie for your crazy neighbor.  Or go reunite with your long, lost father-in-law who bit your ear off when you accidentally spilled punch on his ultra-tight t-shirt.  What a horrible film.  Horrible horrible horrible horrible horrible!
B000002LGQ|5.0|With 1989's Like A Prayer, Madonna finally seemed to silence critics who were under the impression that she was about nothing but the beat and being a material girl.  By far her finest effort up to that point, Like A Prayer focuses on so many issues that at that point many of us in the public were already privy to--the disintegration of her marriage to Sean Penn, her relationship with her father,et al.  That she manages to do this while retaining a pop savvy that has yet to be matched by few of her contemporaries is a testament to her continued relevance as not only a pop icon, but more importantly, an artist of remarkable depth and scope. While the title track stirred great controversy at the time of its' release, many at the time forgot that,bottom line, it was a great pop record.  Same can be said for the succeeding singles, particularly the great 'Cherish', and the truly heartwrenching 'Oh Father'(one of her many overlooked masterpieces).  For those just starting out on Madonna, this is the best place to begin.
B000056HOZ|5.0|I'll admit to being an avid Bruuuuce fan.  I own every disc he's put out (and a few he hasn't), and seen him a number of times in concert (including his last, phenomenal tour).  Though I've said that, I've never owned, nor have I ever watched the original VHS version of his Anthology.  Well, now that it's on DVD, that has changed.<br />First things first...  The track &quot;If I Should Fall Behind&quot; is worth the price of the two discs!  It's not concert footage, but is the Jonathan Demme video recorded during a soundcheck (?) during the last tour.  It's the version with Bruce sharing vocals with his band members, evoking his feelings of friendship for his long-time mates.  It was a phenomenal moment during his encores, and it's an equally great moment on this anthology.  It's fun to watch everyone's expression as their passing off the mike and singing.<br />Other highlights are the live versions of &quot;Leap of Faith&quot;, &quot;Spare Parts&quot;, &quot;Fire&quot;, and &quot;Thunder Road&quot;.  All the videos are here, along with some alternate takes (these are tracks that you can pick up on a number of audio CD's), so everyone has the opportunity to find their own personal favorites.<br />All in all, a great set.  Now let's all hope that a live disc from his last tour comes out!
0394800184|5.0|We have a new tradition at our home.  Every night I ask my six year old son what he wants me to read him for his bedtime story, and every night he gives me the same answer.  And while I make sure to read him something else as well, I'm happy to agree.  &quot;Are You My Mother&quot; is sweet, funny, and every other heartwarming cliche I used to dread before I became a parent.  He never gets tired of it, and even more suprisingly, neither do I.  (His 8 year old brother and 10 year old sister also enjoy it.)  Buy it.
B00004XQ83|5.0|When I sat down to watch the movie the soundtrack was based on, I was instantly brought back to the memories of long, warm summers, picking blueberries on my farm as a child, and hearing my mom's radio playing all the old country and blues tunes. Now, I'm not a usual listener to country music because I feel it's gotten too commercialized. But, these songs, filled with the hopes and sorrow of the people of the Depression-filled 30's makes me hear the truth in their voices, and almost brings me to tears longing for home. Especially &quot;Constant Sorrow&quot;. It should not be soundtrack of the year, it should be soundtrack of the decade.
B000002U82|5.0|I still can't believe this abyss of endless feelings is just another CD I lately bought... This music is a precious gift. I don't believe I will ever comprehend it, my words will only distort this delicate beauty. Have it, I'm afraid of spelling the word &quot;buy&quot;. This music is priceless. It is the silent whisper of the most beautiful soul...
0679720200|5.0|This is my all time favorite book, ever! :)  This racks up there with Catcher in the Rye!! (my second favorite)... if you are a fan of existentialism, this is THE book of books to read!! Camus did an excellent job! Bravo!   cheers-
0449002632|5.0|This is one of the best books that I have ever read!  The tracing of imaginary trees is a well-conceived idea by Rutherfurd, and one that draws the readers further into the book.  Interesting twists of fate makes it interesting to compare the newer generations to their ancestors.  It was very easy for myself, and I imagine for other readers to easily identify themselves with one of the many lines in the novel.  Whether you consider yourself one of the meek Duckets, a noble Bull, or a backstabbing Silversleeves, everyone can identify with the story.  <br />This book would make a splendid reading companion to any English history textbook, and though Rutherfurd's intention was to write fiction, I couldn't help but consider it useful in historic knowledge.  This could be the only flaw in his writing.  For example, it is easy to associate Chaucer as one of the great English authors, but now when I think of his name, I will always remember his good friend, James Bull.  It is very hard to remember that James Bull is fictional.  Rutherfurd's characters are so memorable, that it is tough to keep in mind that this is all fantasy and it is hard to separate the actual history from the stories.<br />I found myself associating most freely with the Ducket/Doggett line.  The trademark white patch of hair and webbings made them especially memorable, but more memorable was their ambition.  I also admire the Barnikel's for their practicality, and the Bull's for their tradition.  The only characters I seem to despise are the Silversleeves.  They always seem to be lazy, or sly, never doing honest work and always reaping the benefits.  However, Rutherfurd writes justly and always seems to foil their line by the end of a story.<br />Overall, the book was intense and very hard to put down.  Though the stories are broken up chronologically, transitions flowed rather smoothly, and when engrossed in a chapter, the action and plot twists are so well arranged that it is hard to focus on doing anything else.
0393317552|5.0|This is the best history book I have ever read.  It tackles a monumental task to explain how some societies became dominant over the entire course of human existance.  The theories do begin to break down when they get into the past two centuries, but up until then (most of the book's content) they are very persuasive.  Each chapter is written as a fairly coherent whole.  You can read the history of writing in one chapter and then decide to backtrack and read about the history of plant domestication in another chapter.  Some of the last chapters that told the history of specific geographical regions were a bit repetative of earlier material in the book, but still it was an extremely engaging read.
6302293553|5.0|This is one of the best movies I've ever seen.  I absolutely loved it.  If you've never seen this movie before, what are you waiting for?  Buy it before I taunt you a second time (Or else I will fart in your general direction)!  You'll pick up something new every time you see it.
0792844882|5.0|What an astonishing movie this is.  After seeing it, I couldn't imagine someone making anything this bad.  Then I saw &quot;Magnolia&quot;, and a debate began to rage in my mind.  Which was worse?  After the sting wore off, I determined that &quot;Showgirls&quot; is the second worse movie of all time, because you can laugh at yourself at the time you wasted when it's over.  But you must understand, as other reviewers have said:  It's so bad, it's good.  <br />The most laughable dialogue and pathetic acting ever in a major Hollywood production.  Watching that Saved by the Bell girl commit career suicide is the major benefit of this movie.  Where has she been?  You'll know after seeing Showgirls.<br />Watch Showgirls and the Godfather back to back.  Then relax, close your eyes, and try to absorb what you've just seen.<br />&quot;Where are you from?&quot;, read the desperate model/actress from the script as she rose from the casting couch.  <br />&quot;Different places!&quot;
0553213105|4.0|Pride and Prejudice is a very well written novel by Jane Austen. When i first began to read it, i thought i'd instantly hate it. i'm not a big fan of romance novels, but i decided to give this book a try. I was delightfully suprized with the vivid language and great dialogue which Austen used, and the novel kept my interest better than i had ever expected. from the famous opening lines, &quot;It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife&quot;, to the wedding at the end, this was a great book. At some points, i got confused py a paragraph, or even chapter, and i had to re-read it carefully so i could fully understand the authors point, but other than that, i could comprehend the book easily. It is the first romantic book that has ever kept my attention, and i hope this will inspire me to try other books that i would otherwise walk right by without giving it a thought. The book did a very good job of developing the characters, as well. By the end of the book, i felt i had a good grasp on who's personalities Jane Austen wanted to emphasize, and what each character's roll in the plot was. Overall, i feel this was an excellent book, and i would reccomend it to enyone who loves to read, even if you're not a reguar reader of novels such as this one.
B000056BSA|2.0|but then, what else is new?  I'm afraid Stanley Tucci's splendid  *Big Night*  is to blame for the recent spate of  &quot;art house&quot;  movies featuring food and  &quot;passion&quot;  and how they're  &quot;mystically&quot;  connected.  Or maybe it was  *Like Water For Chocolate*  that started it.  Indeed, *Woman On Top*  closely resembles the latter film -- it's about a beautiful Latina woman, surrounded by insensitive or dismissively wimpy men, who happens to be a genius in the kitchen.  The movie isn't terrible; it just isn't much of anything.  What precious little there is involves the same old  &quot;magic realism&quot;  (yawn -- a dead horse since Garcia Marquez's  *Love In The Time Of Cholera*); the same old cad lover who tries to win his girl back; the same old transvestite  &quot;buddy&quot; . . . so forth.  To top it off, the movie tries to persuade us that Penelope Cruz's motion sickness is something we should be worried about.  (Uh, I believe her stunning beauty more than compensates.  Duh!)  *Woman On Top*  is as persuasive an argument as any that so-called  &quot;indie&quot;  movies are subject to the same tired formulas, within their specialized milieu, as the most egregious Hollywood summer blockbusters.
B000001E21|5.0|For me, this album seemed to have a little more kick to it than the previous 2 albums. With Riding Into The Sun, which was actually a B-side from Hysteria, to Fractured Love &amp; Ring Of Fire, these guys show they can write some excellent tunes and play very catchy riffs. Also the tunes Two Steps Behind &amp; Miss You In A Heartbeat solidified their ballad capabilities. With From The Inside, this is an off the wall totally different tune that I have ever heard from these guys.  Basically, this album had a better feel to me and looked like they were headed in the right direction to make another Pyromania (if that is really possible). But, whatever these guys put out, one things for sure. I will be in,line to purchase it.
0780020685|5.0|Furthermore, THEY WERE NOT CHINESE! THEY WERE JAPANESE! (THERE IS A HUGE DIFFERENCE!) Anyway, with that out of the way (and I certainly must say that anyone who did not grasp that has no right to give this fine film one star because it obviously means that he/she did not really watch it), here is my brief review. I had the pleasure of watching The Seven Samurai again last night, but for the first time on DVD.  I have seen it on PBS, video, laserdisc. but this version from the fine folks at Criterion takes the cake...with my speakers hooked up, the sound was excellent.  You hear all of the little details and during that climactic battle, the horses, rain, ad grunts surround you. It is for me one of Kurosawa's reigning achievements....each cut, each composition, each tracking shot..really brilliant stuff here. Also, it was, at the time, revolutionary and influenced the way many movies are shot nowadays. Commentary was also excellent...
B00003CXE7|5.0|I saw it in the theater and i was sucked right into it.  It's just over two and a half hours but u wouldn't know it.  It goes by so fast and leaves u wanting to see it again.  It has everything  adventure, action, romance, elements of horror, fiction, non-fiction and a few comedic moments.  This movie is compared to Braveheart, The Patriot Conan the Barbarian and other movies and it stands up to n e on of those.  Though i feel it isn't as good as Braveheart it is very close.  Some say it's too gory  u obviously haven't watched Conan the Barbarian.  Conan is an extremely gory movie (very good movie but gory) and Gladiator would be a joy to watch after, to get away from all it's blood shed.  N e ways an excelent movie and DVD really does help out.
B00000I0XW|5.0|Sarah Brightman is famous for her flexibilty in vocal style. One moment she can go pop, another moment she can go broadway and another moment she can go opera. <br />Although this album is all of Andrew Lloyd Webber's works, she amazingly presents all the songs in the different vocal styles.<br />She did wonderfully for songs like &quot;Phantom Of The Opera&quot;, &quot;Music Of The Night&quot;, &quot;Pie Jesu&quot; and &quot;Chanson D'Enfance&quot;.<br />&quot;Phantom Of The Opera&quot; is a very unique song. Before she sings an opera melisma at the end of the piece, she is actually using her broadway voice! The song grips me and some credit of it should go to Michael Crawford who sang the duet with her too! He also sounds great!<br />I had seen and heard Sarah Brightman sing in the concert for Andrew Lloyd Webber's birthday in a VCD. Her &quot;Pie Jesu&quot; sounded more trained and mature in the concert than it is in this CD. However, I still prefer the version in this CD because it is sort of an original recording of Sarah Brightman many years ago. It sounded more innocent, more sweet!<br />&quot;Music Of The Night&quot; is thumbs-up! Although many people say that Sarah Brightman has a small voice, it is not true! She sounded all powerful in &quot;Music Of The Night&quot;!<br />I bought this CD after hearing Sarah Brightman in a concert. She sounded good! And the CD is definately not a disappointment!
0876855575|5.0|There is not a single mention of ham, rye, or ham on rye inthis book, so if that's what you want, go to a deli. What you willfind are autobiographical reminiscences dating from Bukowski's firstmemories when he was two or so in 1922 Germany to December 7, 1941, adate which will live in infamy due to Buk's stunning defeat at thehands of an 8-year-old Mexican boy. Is this fiction? It hardly seemsso, but Bukowski himself reveals how he learned the secret after beingpraised for a 4th grade essay in which he imagined having gone to seePresident Hoover speak: &quot;So, that's what they wanted: lies.Beautiful lies. That's what they needed. People were fools. It wasgoing to be easy for me.&quot; Lies these may be, but it didn't seemeasy for Bukowski.  Growing up was a relentless sequence of beatings,humiliations, and hospitalization.  His only solace: books andalcohol. Many of these episodes are related in his poetry(particularly in the posthumous collections) and it's interesting tonote the factual consistency. The key difference is that the proserenditions are often laugh out loud funny. Grim situations are madehumorous through understatement and blithe observation of humannature. It is art without artifice.  Bukowski is just a guy who hadthe guts to be honest with himself and used words to understand andshare his experience. Beautiful.
B000001DV2|4.0|I read the title of the album and thought maybe they retooled and were ready to kick it back into high gear. What I got was another pop driven album with some good rockers mixed in. I would give this album 4 1/2 stars as I thought it was better than Hysteria. Tonight is probaly one of my favorite tunes these guys ever did and Lets Get Rocked is another good positive rock album for all to have a little fun to. But this album also was marked with tragedy as Steve &quot;Steamin&quot; Clark died while making this album. That was why it took almost 5 years to get this album done. Clark plays and writes some of the tunes on the album, but this band can't seem to catch a break.
0425170349|5.0|To give this book any score that is not 5 is totally unjustified. I read this book from cover to cover and I was captivated from start to finish. The characters are well rounded and try to explain the &quot;superhuman&quot; like qualities of the Rainbow Men. Some reviews have talked about the lack of emotion show by the characters after the ambush but these men have been trained to keep back all emotion and get the job done. Maybe Tom Clancy wanted to perserve thier &quot;macho&quot; image for the readers. I can just hope that his next book will live up to the standards of This one. 5/5.
0930289528|4.0|&quot;V for Vendetta&quot; is a cleverly paced and brutally realistic tale set in a nightmare future. The elusive protagonist, a mask-clad vigilante who goes by the initial &quot;V&quot;, sets himself as an adversary to the repressive regime of &quot;Norsefire&quot;, the Fascist organisation that assumed power. The plot abounds in a number of exciting episodes, in which the hero outwits and overpowers his enemies using an array of lethal gadgets and skills in the deadliest martial arts. The story is redeemed by its sense of irony and sarcasm, especially during the soliloquies of the masked avenger, (the parallel with Batman cannot be ignored) in which he denounces the ruling elite with anarchistic phrases and anti-Establishment maledictions, as in the scene in which he scandalously addresses the blinfolded statue of Justice, prior to annihilating it with a bomb disguised as a rose. The &quot;piece du resistance&quot;, however, is his poisoning a corrupt priest with a communion wafer spiked with cyanide... Lashings of humour, of so dark a hue are seldom found. The cinematic conception of the plot, (with &quot;intercutting&quot; between different scenes) the beautiful illustration and the psychological realism in the characterisation attest to the high gifts of Lloyd and Moore in the genre of the graphic novel and I look forward to their other works.
B000050IL0|5.0|A friend of mine once gave me a copy of Gould's performance of the Golberg Variations to listen to on CD.  He said, &quot;listen to it twice -- you won't like it the first time, but listen again and it will become your favorite.&quot;  He was right. I later realized that upon the first listening it was difficult to make sense of the individual parts of this piece. But after you have a sense of the whole, you can begin to appreciate its complex beauty.<br />On this DVD, Glenn Gould himself explains that he decided to re-record the piece precisely to emphasize the connection between each of the parts in the Goldberg Variations.  The result is remarkable, both in terms of sound quality and the camera movements. The disc contains sound in both PCM stereo and Dolby Digital stereo.  Sony did a superb job in making you forget this masterpiece was recorded 20 years ago. And you can't watch Gould play without being drawn yourself into his passion for the music. If you enjoy Bach, this is a must buy.<br />One nitpick: the extras on this disc are pathetic. You get about 5 minutes worth of interviews with Gould himself, and some on-screen biographical text -- merely glorified liner notes. But this disc isn't about the extras. Let's hope Sony releases more Gould DVDs!
B000001FKY|4.0|When I saw the first single &quot;Women&quot; on MTV, I rushed right out and bought the CD. At first listen, I was a little disappointed. I was expecting another Pyromania or High n Dry and what I got was something that sounded a whole lot popish. the more I listened to it, the better I appreciated how well written it was. They expanded their playing and created an album that reached more than just the average rocker. There are plenty of songs that have energy and get your blood boiling, but overall, this album didn't affect me the way their previous 3 did. But to overcome drummer Rick Allen losing his arm in a car accident and still keep him in the band was quite a story. In the end, his drumming is probably more solid than his early days thoough not quite as wild. But the thumping of the drums along with improved writing, these guys were coming of age.
B000053V7Q|4.0|I just watched this special DVD edition on TCM and I must say that this edition is much better than the original version. This films clearly shows you why Elvis is the greatest performer that ever lived. New Songs were added and also sound quality is great. These shows proved why we associate Elvis with Las Vegas. This is clearly a great film!
B000051VWW|3.0|The title alone of the new Sade release gives a clue as to what is in store.&quot;Lovers Rock&quot; was a style not unlike &quot;Quiet Storm&quot; popular in the 70's with Reggae artists like Freddie Mc Gregor, Gregory Isaacs and the brilliant &quot;Heptones&quot;.Unfortunately Sade manages to smooth out any of the grit that made these extaordinary vocalists sooo incredible.Her last effort was as good as anything that was released at the time,this is not .On first listen I thought &quot;Wow&quot; sounds interesting .Subsequent plays have had me reaching for old Smokey Robinson and Gladys Knight releases and wondering when the new Maxwell album is coming.Get Love Deluxe or the new Rachelle Ferrelle release instead .
B0000026NC|4.0|I wish I had been there to hear this album live. With or without Roger Walters, the sound is fantastic. Gilmour's guitar is just awesome. Yes, they play most of their 'hits', so you know what you are getting, only generally the sound is better live and fresher. The only low lights are 'On the turning away', 'Us &amp; them' (funeral songs) and 'Run like Hell' (too manic).
B00000ING2|5.0|THe Coen Brothers are absolutely perfect, i have given 5 stars to every movie they have made, except blood simple, and hudsucker is no exception. This is not necessarily a typical Coen movie, it has more of a whymsical and humorous side to it than the usual dark humour. This movie is closer to Raising Arizona or O brother where art thou. THIS IS NOT LIKE FARGO OR THE BIG LEBOWSKI, there is no swearing or graphic violence, I believe the movie is only pg. So i love the movie and it has a ton of memorable dialogue in it. Each character almost lives i ntheir own little universe, and the whole film is filled with wit and snappy dialogue. Not a drama, not a hilarious comedy, not action, not adventure. I don't know how to classify this film. It may prove to slow for some, becasue of the lack of action or hilarity. I'd say it moves like the Big Lebowski, scenes are full of talking and everything falls together nicely. <br /> AS for the DVD the film looks great, not phenomenal but better than a regular DVD, hell i would even call it semi phenominal. Plus it gives the option of full or widescreen...yeah! THe sound is fine, not mindblowing, but it doesn't drown out voices with the music and everything blends together well. What extras... not even a trailer. Fantastic movie with a great transfer on a bare bones dvd, but it's only 16.99
B00003CX8I|5.0|I love that scene!  This movie is awesome, one of my favorites.  I find it kind of amusing that I, a 16 year old female, love a movie geared toward 14 year old males.  I can't help it!  I love this film!  The second time I saw it, I noticed the cameos, Jubilee, Shadowcat, I think his name was Pyro..., Iceman; I noticed that they had kind of stuck Jean Grey with Beast's personality; I noticed goofs, in-jokes, stuff like that.  I have always loved the X-Men.  This movie is awesome!  I reccomend it for anyone who is a child at heart.<br />&quot;Hey, Logan... Stay away from my girl.&quot;
B00003CXBK|5.0|I'll keep this brief and just give my impressions because others have already expounded on the important elements of the film. I rented this (and will soon be buying it) movie on a friend's recomendation. He knew I wan't really into anime but convinced me that that I would soon &quot;forget it was an animated film.&quot; He was exactly right! My wife and I sat down and within ten minutes we looked at each other and both commented on how we were completely intrigued, the movie had us. I'm happy to say it only got better from there. Deep, rich story, complex characters and beautiful scenery make this one to remember and one to definitely own. You'll love it if you like great movies, even if you're not 'into' animation.
0440219078|5.0|I have read and thought about this book at countless hours at a time. The complexity of the story the perfectness of there world. And I wonder in my own mind what it would be like. In their world your job is chosen for you no room for mistakes. Lois Lowry does an absoulutely amazing job of desribing the excitement before the ceremony of the twelve which is where Jonas and the other elevens get there jobs. After Jonas recieves his job there is almost immediate controversy over his postion. And after that everything changes. He can't be with his friends or he can't spend time with anyone after his training starts. But then Jonas Realizes the advantages of his postion. Lois Lowry does a Great Job again in writing another book that is well thought out and a real thinker.
6305388458|5.0|First things first, i'm a dirty liar, i'm actually reviewing the standard dvd, not the criterion addition. I was too stoopid to write this review on thr proper site tho, so here we are. Because of this problem i cannot comment on the quality of the video, audio or extras. I assume they are great b/c this is criterion, but i dunno. I will simply say that this movie is amazingly funny. Not a minute goes by that i'm not laffing out loud. Full of physical humor as well as sharp wit, this movie is one of the funniest of all time. However it could be viewed as very blasphemous, i suppose, so iif your easily offended in the ways of religion, run, run for your life. However if you can handle teh jabs at religion and you like monty python, or goofy  British comedy in general, then this is your movie. If any of that applies to you you should have already purchased this movie, why haven't you? whats wrong with you? Get with the program. FAll to peer pressure, buy the thing why don't you.
0140177396|5.0|This is one of my all-time favorite books! John Steinbeck had created a wonderful and haunting story about various Western farmers. Loneliness is the major theme in this novel. Steinbeck captures the true essence of what it's like to be sad and unfulfilled. And the friendship between George and Lennie is both funny and poignant. It was especially touching when George decides that he can no longer protect Lennie from the horrible things that he hadn't intended to do. Who can resist a novel with such strong message and symbolism? This is one of the best pieces of literature ever -- a true American classic!
6301640659|3.0|Cop Pacino is sent undercover into NYC's gay leather scene to flush out violent killer of homosexuals.  As time passes he gets confused, but it's never really clear as to what he's feeling.  In fact, the whole movie is so badly scripted you'll probably get confused more than once.  Gays picketed this film upon release, which is very loosely based on a series of gay murders in NYC between 1962-1979.  It opens with a disclaimer that this movie is not meant to indict gay life as a whole, but there was controversy nonetheless.  Everything you see in this film is real and on location.  Intriging, but would have been much better if the direction and the script were tightened up.  Director Friedkin has done much better-The Exorcist, French Connection, To Live and Die in L.A., etc.  But Pacino, as usual, is appealing to watch, as is Paul Sorvino.
0553212737|5.0|I have always loved this droll piece of literature! Jane Austen created a charming and hilarious heroine in Emma. The comic timing and great characterization proves that Austen was -- and still is -- the most sought-after and influential author ever! (Just look at the work of Helen Fielding, Marian Keyes and other female authors of this era.)<br />Emma is a force to be reckoned with. She takes it upon herself to play the role of Cupid. She chooses her candidates according to social status, age, charm, etc. The irony, of course, is that Emma doesn't have a lover of her own. What happens when one of her conquests as Cupid goes terribly wrong? And will Emma find her own knight of shining armor? This is one of the funniest situations in the book.<br />If you love Jane Austen, and if you haven't read this novel, please do!
0783241569|5.0|So what's wrong with loving this \\"chick flick\\" (or any chick flick for that matter)? Very little bad language, no violence, no one gets hurt (except those who deserve it), and the guy gets the girl! A couple of hours of delightful, sometimes hilarious entertainment, and well worth the price of admission or price of the tape.  I bought it to add to my collection of rainy-day tapes, and there really aren't many movies I'll consider buying to have on hand rather than just renting from Blockbuster.<br />Hugh Grant plays William Thacker, the owner of a travel bookstore in the Notting Hill section of London. Julia Roberts plays Anna Scott, world-famous actress. Their improbable meeting when he bumped into her on Portobello Road and spilled orange juice all over her shirt is just the first of the amusing, though contrived antics that are sprinkled throughout the movie.<br />The character actors are nothing short of hysterical. William's incredibly offensive, but harmless roommate Spike (Rhys Ifans) is the most memorable. But there are others, including William's sister and hapless friends, and the brief cameo role of Anna's American boyfriend played by Alec Baldwin.<br />The soundtrack, peppered with popular songs including Elvis Costello's \\"She\\", also adds to the charm of this movie.
B000000OAN|5.0|I own a lot of queen cds, but this is one of the best, its not THE best, but one of the best, the only problem with this cd is there are some really great songs, and some really terrible songs that were used as filler. I wonder why queen put those terrible songs on it cuz the cd would have been great without it. &quot;prophets song&quot; and &quot;love of my life&quot; best songs on cd,
B0000524E5|5.0|I usually dont give reviews of movies becuase everyone else does and it sums up what I have to say but I read the reviews for this movie and was very dissapointed. I went three times to see this moive. It was exectly every time I saw it. I even bought the soundtrack which was wonderful. The movie was Awsome. It shows how you should never give up on anything that you really want -boy or girl- becuase it can be acheived. I belive that everyone should see this movie!!
B00004ZAV3|5.0|For those of you who care about audiophile sound quality, you'll be interested to know that this new compilation CD marks the first time that ANY of The Beatles music has been digitally remastered since the time of the original digital masters done in 1986-87 by George Martin for the original Beatles CD releases. Mastering technology was no where near what it is today and audiophiles have been dissapointed for years that The Beatles CDs sound so lifeless and sonically lackluster(even George Harrison has mentioned this in interviews). If you look at the credits in the booklet for this new compilation, you'll see that this disc features a brand new high bit rate digital mastering job (done by folks at Abbey Road Studios) from the original two track master tapes! I know what some of you are saying...that the re-issue of Yellow Submarine &quot;songtrack&quot; two years ago was a remaster right? Wrong. It was actually completely remixed from scratch, not actually a remastering of the original album two track mixes from the '60s (many Beatles fan's will always want the original versions of these songs, as opposed to a remixed version). Even the 30th anniversary White Album CD that came out two years ago was not a new mastering job, just the same old dull sounding '80s CD master used again (shame on Apple/EMI). So if you're a fan of The Beatles, and have been asking yourself, &quot;shouldn't these Beatles CDs sound better?&quot;, then pick up the new CD. Do some A/B comparisons with the old CDs and you'll be blown away at the difference in sound quality. My hope is that Apple Records get hip and remasters The Beatles entire CD catalog. They've remastered entire catalogs by just about every &quot;classic&quot; artist on CD, it's about time they do it for the all time greatest...The Beatles.
B000001OAA|5.0|This is a great CD, even if you're not an alternative rock fan.  I know I'm not.  Still, the songs are great, and I really enjoyed listening to some of the tracks that didn't get overplayed on the radio.  Favorites include \\"Only Happy When it Rains\\", \\"Queer\\", and, especially, \\"Milk\\"  \\"Milk\\", to me, is such a departure from the harsh sound in the other tracks -- almost sultry, in an alternative rock sort of way.<br />I first identified Garbage when I saw the video for \\"James Bond: Tomorrow Never Dies\\" (is that the right one?) -- featuring the lead singer for the band.  I've been interested in buying a CD ever since.  I've been pleasantly surprised.
B00000ILDF|5.0|When it comes to pick up the most haunting yet the most emotional chapter of Alien Saga, I will always choose this one. Not because of its unpreaching but heavily religious undertones (where Fincher is a master), not due to its killingly sad motion picture score (where sometimes the notes resonate beyond the film's capability to deliver the melancholy), but for the fact that the whole story is an aching poem of an unsurpassable hopelessness. When you hear the boy soprano soloist singing &quot;Agnus Dei&quot;, you instantly know that this might be the end, the end of the chase, the end of the battle, the end of Ripley. Confined with no weapons and trapped with a beast &quot;within&quot;, it is a relief but also a quiet and a gentle lament for her when only suicide means the total annihilation of this nightmare. This has been one of the most ingenious twists I've ever seen in Hollywood (of course adding the cloning in Resurrection to this list) and one of the most depressing. Fincher aims at the gloomy, claustrophobic and eerie atmosphere of the 1st chapter, and not only achieves but also exceeds this by bringing the emotional magnitude to a level where there's no hope for these God forsaken children, although they have faith.<br />But then, there are the flaws: No explanation for the egg on Sulaco; Newt &amp; Hicks were beamed out in a flash (crash, let's say) and a not-so-good CGI Alien. As for the DVD, there's no commentary from Fincher &amp; Goldhental duo which would be highly interesting. Not a bad word for the audio &amp; picture transfer.<br />The 3rd installment is coherent in itself and brings the series on a &quot;dead end&quot; on Ms. Weaver's request (well, she thought so). I wonder if the producers ever thought of the emotional side of Ripley's story when shooting this film. Since the beast kept on wiping out everyone she cared, her destiny always left her alone fighting it. And Fincher frames this - her infinite sadness with his golden touch.<br />Greatjob!
6300216039|4.0|\\"Two households, both alike in dignity, In fair Verona, where we lay our scene, From ancient grudge break to new mutiny. Where civil blood makes civil hands unclean.... A pair of star-crossed lovers take their life.\\"<br />This version of William Shakespeare's \\"Romeo and Juliet\\" is a masterpiece.  If you have read the play, you'll notice that the film version is very similar.  The actors are very fitting for their characters.  Up till this point in this play, directors were using older players.  This version uses younger, more fitting actors and actresses.   Juliet, played by actress Olivia Hussey, is a young, headstrong girl looking for love.  Being that her parents, Lord and Lady Capulet, didn't provide her with much sensitivity and love, Juliet is forced to confide in her nurse.  After Juliet finds love in Romeo, actor Leonard Whiting, she learns he is a Montague, her great enemy's son.  This devastates both Romeo and Juliet, but nothing will get in the way of their love for one another.   The film takes us from the meeting of the title characters to the famous balcony scene.  After this, Romeo's friend Mercutio, actor John McEnery battles with Juliet's cousin Tybalt, played by Michael York.  He is slain and this starts a war between Tybalt and Romeo.   \\"I am fortune's foe!\\"  Romeo yells this after he kills Tybalt to avenge Mercutio, and then realizes that he is banished from fair Verona.  This occurrence threatens Romeo and Juliet's marriage.   Another threat to their marriage is the proposal of Paris, actor Roberto Bisacco, to Juliet.  Her father, of course, sees Paris as a noble man, worthy of his daughter's hand in marriage.  The proposal leaves Juliet to disappoint her mother and father, and the nurse thinks she should marry Paris, although she is already married to Romeo.  Now Juliet is left to take desperate measures into her own hands. At Friar Lawrence's cell, actor Milo O'Shea, Juliet insists on his help in the rejoining of her and Romeo.  He sees she'sdesperate and gives her a vial filled with a poison to make her seem dead, while she is really in a deep stage of sleep.  He says Romeo will hear the news that she really isn't dead, he'll come and she'll wake.  Their marriage should be renewed. As in any other tragedy, not all of the plans are carried out and death is the outcome.  With death comes a sense of remorse, both in the Montague and Capulet families.   The young actors give the audience a more realistic view of what Shakespeare wanted the characters to be.  Hussey and Whiting perform Romeo and Juliet is the fashion in which Shakespeare intended.  Both like love, want a little more of it, and will go to great lengths to obtain it.  Many viewers argue that they are not truly in love with each other, but rather in lust.  The time frame of the film and play is over the course of a couple days, and love usually takes longer to grow than that.  None of the characters get enough sleep, and this may force them to act irrationally.   You choose for yourself; is \\"Romeo and Juliet\\" a story about true love or just a teenage crush?  Enjoy the film!
B000005RTG|5.0|I'll admit it, back in 1975 when this record first came out, people didn't know quite what to make of it, simply because people were not sure which direction Rock music was heading at the time, actually nowhere.... For me, honest hard rock died for about the next 15 years.   If your a traditional fan of Deep Purple Mark II, that is - hard-driving industial metal/rock, this album might come as a bit of a diversion.     Come Taste The Band stands up today as one of the finer rock lp's which came out of the 1970's decade. Quality art is always judged by it's ability to stand the test of time, and this lp certainly does - in colours!    One only wonders what might have happened if the band had changed their name, dropped the Deep Purple name tag, and thus avoided all the R.B. comparisons - and requests while performing live. Thus, placing a strain on Tommy Bolin - and the direction the band members could have taken. Each member of the band stands out uniquely on this cd. That is, everyone is a vital element to the overall unique rock sound being produced.    In retrospect, this is about as far as True hard rock could have gone have gone in the 1970's. Well, - maybe until 1978. The times were a changin', and the artist always reflects the culture of which they (the band) are a part of.     If you want a live fix of this line-up, check out the King Biscuit Hour 2-cd release.    God Bless Tommy Bolin....wherever he is. Probably in pretty good company! Come, Taste the Band.
B00003CXN4|5.0|I hope that my comments do not distract from an outstanding movie, which promises to please not only the critics but general audiences as well.  Although I thoroughly enjoyed the movie I found Benicio Del Toro's award wining performance irritating.  I could not get over his accent.  Although most of the heavily slangged dialog was clearly Mexican, his accent could not fool anyone who has lived in Mexico.  I spent the whole movie trying to distinguish his national Heritage.  I erroneously came to the conclusion that he was Colombian, later to find out that he was born in Puerto Rico.  Casting him in that role is comparable to casting Hue Grant in a role as a Texas Cowboy.  Of a lesser movie I would not have cared.  In one of this caliber, it proved disconcerting.  Barring this distraction which most people will not notice, \\"Traffic\\" is a movie which is not only entertaining but also succeeds in examining various views on the \\"war on drugs\\" without deciding for you.  For the Independent movie crowd I suggest you also see \\"Requiem to a Dream\\"
B00004XONN|5.0|Yes, I must admit.  The CD was a bit much to listen to at first.  But as you listen to the CD again and again, the ideas and emotions begin to unravel in your head.  The music grows on you.  Radiohead's music always messed with the way you think and &quot;Kid A&quot; does it superbly.  I believe this album is the result of tremendous effort by the band.
1878424319|5.0|great book.  few self-help that is quick and enjoyable to read. i made it through entire book without boredom. information is truthful and practical.  great gift for the busy friend or relative
6304297912|5.0|The film which launched the career of Ewan McGregor was a mesmerising effort, recreating the dark and dingy existance of a group of Scottish heroin addicts brilliantly. Many scenes are wll and truly shocking, especially the dead baby scene and Renton's subsequent hallucination. At times it can almost make disturbing viewing, such as Renton famously diving headfirst into a toilet to retrieve some heroin, and the overdose scene with Lou Reed's Prefect Day in the background. <br />Either as a let-up from all this darkness or to make things even mroe stark, here are also sharp moments of humour, such as Spud's Speed-addled job interview and Renton casually talking the parents of Diane, a girl he had just slept with, thinks there her flatmates, before being shocked to see Diane come down the stairs in her school uniform. The way the sex scenes are melded together with video footage of a goal for Scotland's soccer team was unusual, and I challenge you not to laugh when Tommy puts a 'special' tape made of him in action with his girlfriend and is greeted by football, prompting him to think he may have returned the tape to the video shop!<br />Another standout aspect is the soundtrack. The guy who said he hated all the band son it must peddle a unique taste in music, as many of these tracks are classics. Not only the Lou Reed and Iggy Pop trackswhich may have introduced these veterans to a whole new generation, but also dance tracks like Ice MC's Boom Diggy Boom and Underworld's epochal Born Slippy. Sleeper's cover of Blondie's classic Atomic and tracks from Pulp and Blur add an 'indie' flavour.<br />All in all I can't recommend watching this enough. And all in all, if after seeing this film heroin appeals to you, you are a strangely sadistic being, as this in no way 'glorifies' heroin.
0790743213|4.0|Combining Alfred Hitchcock's incredible and amazing filmmaking skills with Cary Grant's dashing nature and superb acting skills, how could North by Northwest not be a hit?  The film is a whirlwind roller coaster of a movie filled with non-stop action.  From the first few minutes of the movie until the last few moments the movie captures and holds the audience's attention and keeps everyone's eyes glued to the screen.  Not only action packed but comedic as well, this film is still entertaining forty years after it's release.  Grant portrays Roger Thornhill, a simple advertising executive, who begins to experience one adventure after the other as he runs from the crooks chasing him who believe he is actually a spy named George Caplin.  Through a stroke of very bad luck Thornhill becomes a man on the run from not only his chasers but also the police who believe he is a murderer.  However, Thornhill's good fortune is what keeps him on the run and aids him in being able to escape at all times in all places.  Thornhill is once again thrown a curve ball when he runs into beautiful Eve on a train played by Eva Marie Saint and falls for her, hard.   Unbeknownst to Thornhill Eve is not whom she seems but her real intentions are only one of the many troubles he faces as he travels across the country trying to figure out why and how his life has turned into the complete mess it is in.  You will have to sit down and watch this film with your undivided attention in order to absorb everything Hitchcock is throwing at you.  The dialogue is clever, the actors amazing, the scenery captivating and is just all around an excellent film to sit down and enjoy.  I doubt there could have been a better Thornhill than Grant with his handsome good looks and utter lovability.  Grant and Saint sizzle on the screen together and the romance between Eve and Thornhill is pure chemistry.  The title fits the movie with all the traveling Thornhill does and the credits themselves let you know that thisis a movie that will take you in all different directions as they wiz by the screen from all sides.  Hitchcock is historic and like his other films he makes his brief appearance in this film as well.  Look for him at the very beginning of the film standing on the side of the street just missing his bus.  If you have already seen this film consider watching it again, it may have been a few years and I'm sure you can get a few laughs out of it again.  For those who haven't seen North by Northwest check it out, Hitchcock is almost always a safe bet for excellent and suspenseful entertainment.  So rent this film along with perhaps a few other Hitchcock films and make a night of it.
B00004X01U|5.0|If you like techno, good listenable MUSIC, or if you are a Madonna fan, this is the album for you. From the intoxicating beats of the title track, to the soulful sounds of I Deserve It, and What It Feels Like For A Girl, to the honesty of Paradise (Not For Me), this album is perfect in each way. Easily one of Madonna's best, this album has the spunk of Like A Virgin, and the soulful sounds of Ray Of Light. The cover is a tad misleading because with Madonna's cow girl hat, it has the looks of a country album. Is this album worth the buy? Here are the tracks and how they rack up on a scale from 0(bomb)-10++++(outstanding).<br />1. Music: Easily the best track on the CD. With the pulsating drums, this track is classic Madonna. 10++++<br />2. Impressive Instant: A club classic. One of Madonna's most original songs. 10+<br />3. Runaway Lover: A classic. Should become a fan faveorite. 10++<br />4. I Deserve It: WE deserve this! Madonna's vocals are rich &amp; soulful. 10+++<br />5. Amazing: Great track. 10<br />6. Nobody's Perfect: The worst on the CD. But still good. 9++++<br />7. Don't Tell Me: Simply Perfect 10++<br />8. What It Feels Like For A Girl: Second best on the CD. Her vocals are rich and deep. 10+++<br />9. Paradise (Not For Me): Third best on the CD. A little long, but still great! 10+++<br />10. Gone: A good way to end the CD. 10<br />Overall Grade: A+ (10++)
6301247485|2.0|Great novels shouldn't be filmed.  Period.  They're not great because of their plots, but because of their style, and writing style is, needless to say, not the same as cinematic style, and can't be duplicated on film.  You can't duplicate, for instance, Fitzgerald's description of Nick's first look at Daisy, so why try?  It's taken me years to get Mia Farrow's awful Daisy out of my head, and I don't want to dwell on it too much here, but it's not entirely her fault.  Daisy only lives and breathes on the page.  Mira Sorvino tried hard in the recent A&amp;E version, but it's still an inevitable misfire.  (A&amp;E's version is so faithful, though, that it seems like a film of the Cliff Notes instead.)  I'll say this, though; the Redford version truncated the narration at the very end, and yet, for a movie, it seemed to end right where it should.  If only the filmmakers hadn't shattered the mood with &quot;Ain't We Got Fun&quot; and prancing flappers behind the closing credits . . .
B000002LND|5.0|Ahhhh.... Classic Madonna! Finally a greatest hits collection worth a lesson. All the hits are here! Papa Don't Preach, Like A Virgin, Borderline, Holiday, Vogue, Like A Prayer, Material Girl and so much more! Here are the tracks, and how they rate from a scale of 0(bomb)-10++++(outstanding).<br />1. Holiday: 10+++<br />2. Lucky Star: 10+++<br />3. Borderline: 10+++<br />4. Like A Virgin: 10+++<br />5. Material Girl: 10++++<br />6. Crazy For You: 10<br />7. Into The Groove: 10++++<br />8. Live To Tell: 10<br />9. Papa Don't Preach: 10++++<br />10. Open Your Heart: 10<br />11. La Isla Bonita: 10++++<br />12. Like A Prayer: 10++++<br />13. Express Yourself: 10<br />14. Cherish: 10++<br />15. Vogue: 10++++<br />16. Justify My Love: 10+<br />17. Rescue Me: 10<br />Overall Grade: A (10++)
6303589162|4.0|DePalma's middle finger to feminists and other critics who decried his abuse of female characters.  To get the joke is to appreciate the movie fully.  On the other hand, feminists and humans in general should have been outraged not by the power drill, but by (1) the cheesy makeup on the villain, (2) Shelton's entire performance, and (3) the knack DePalma has for derailing his story's momentum just before the end.  (He did it in Blow Out, his best movie, also.)  See it uncut.  The final shot, which of course never makes it onto television, sums up his entire response to his detractors.
B000002L6P|5.0|A classic 80's album. Filled with 9 listenable tracks, it's not her strongest album, but it's still good. Here are the 9 tracks and how they rate from 0(bomb)-10++++(worst).<br />1. Material Girl: 10++++<br />2. Angel: 10+++<br />3. Like A Virgin: 10+++<br />4. Over And Over: 10++<br />5. Love Don't Live Here Anymore: 9+<br />6. Dress You Up: 10++++<br />7. Shoo Bee Doo: 10+<br />8. Pretender: 10++<br />9. Stay: 10++<br />Overall Grade: A (10+)
B0000524E5|4.0|I refused to see this movie when it was in the theaters, but once it hit video I couldn't wait to see it.  So naturally I rented it the day it came out.  I was very surprised at how good it really was.  I suspected it was going to be all about the bar and sleezy girls strutting their stuff, but I was delightfully surprised.  The plot of the movie is really fun and interesting to watch as the young Violet works towards her dream. There were a few unrealistic aspects of this movie but overall a great  and worthwhile flick.  The Australian guy was a scene stealer and made the movie worth watching for the women out there.  I definately would recommend seeing this movie. My boyfriend thinks of it as a chick flick, but didn't mind watching the bar girls. Go figure.
B00003CXHJ|5.0|This is has become one of my favorite war films.  It' more than that though. It's also an excellent sub-marine film.  If you're a fan of the genre, you'll appreciate the authenticity of the vessel and it's operation.  But more than that, it's a riveting and exciting story of the pursuit of a device aboard a German U-Boat that will turn the battle of the sea around.<br />It's also a great DVD.  Sound and image are reference quality. You'll watch this one more than once.  This one is up there with Das Boot as far as the atmosphere that is created while the sub and it's inhabitants are being hunted by depth-charge dropping destroyers.<br />Buy this. You won't be dissappointed.
0688170528|4.0|How deep is love? How much do we really know our children? Our friends? What do we know about community? About family? These questions are raised in Jodi Picoult's psychological drama, &quot;The Pact.&quot; <br />    They've been neighbors for 18 years, the Hartes and the Golds, sharing everything together (food, family, fun). They're best friends, the parents and the kids, and soon Chris &amp; Emily's friendship blossoms into something more. They're soul mates. There's a phone call late one night from the hospital. Emily is dead at 17 with a gunshot wound to the head. There's a single unspent bullet in the gun that Chris took from his father's cabinet-a bullet Chris says was for him. But a detective has doubts. Picoult, a novelist living nearby, gives a portrait of family, the dynamics of relationships, and the minds of teenagers. The book is a perfect blend of character and tension.
6305095574|5.0|In 1981 on a vacation, 5 friends rent a small cabin in the Tennessee woods for a weekend of fun! Ash and Scotty explore the cellar where they find an old shotgun, a tape recorder, an ancient looking scepter, and &quot;Necronomicon Ex Mortus&quot;, roughly translated, &quot;Book Of The Dead&quot;! They listen to the tape which is the voice of Professor Raymond Knowby translating the words from the book. Unwittingly, the sound of his voice awakens an evil force in the woods which turns each one of them into demons, one by one until one remains.... His name's Ash...... from S-mart's housewares! Can he survive the possesed corpses of his friends and destroy this force known as the Evil Dead? Buy the movie and find out! Be sure to see the sequels: &quot;Evil Dead II: Dead By Dawn&quot; and &quot;Army Of Darkness: The Medievil Dead&quot;
B00000J2L8|1.0|I have no idea why people say this is the funniest movie ever made.  I don't get it, and I love comedies.  I have seen it four times and I still do not get it.  Maybe it is because I don't get Kubrick movies.  I have seen several of them and don't get any of them.  If you want to see a funny movie see Blazing Saddles.  My suggestion: Rent the movie first and see if you like it.
0800196767|3.0|My 4-year-old daughter received this as a Christmas present.  Although it is entertaining, it's one I recommend you hold off on until your child is a bit older (6 - 9).  The violence is not that bad (my daughter knew it was just a movie), but my objection was the insults that were used frequently, due to the unsavory characters. A younger child would pick up repeating the insults pretty quickly. However, Pam Ferris was a great villain, Embeth Davidtz was lovely as Miss Honey and Mara Wilson and her classmates were adorable.
B00004XQ83|5.0|A friend in my office has passed this CD around for different ones among us to listen to.  Thank goodness for CD-ROMs in computers!  When it got around to me, I just could not help myself...I had to sing along and tap my feet.  It brings to mind my childhood days, when all my family (7 kids, plus Mom and Dad) would sit out in the yard with our guitars and harmonicas, playing and singing together the old standards like &quot;I'll Fly Away&quot; and &quot;Big Rock Candy Mountain.&quot;  I love all kinds of music, but this recording really got the nostalgia going, and I GOTTA HAVE THIS CD!!!  It's wonderful!
B0000214F3|5.0|a friend of mine told me a coupleof times to watch this film meetjoe black i did and now it's oneof my all time movie favorites.alove story of this type comes along very seldom,brad pitt whoplays death gives a superb performmance.he gives his character a unique sence of reality his ominous persona affectionate approaches some times fine humora shy presence at times and yet has a aura of sensual magnitude.great actor.anthony hopkins delivers a great performance as the successful business man millionaire who's demise is imminent and who's transitionto the other side is guided by brad pitt death.one of hopkins daughters claire forlani in the film falls in love with brad pittand wonderful moments arise through out the filmn. a great cast lavishly done great cinematography great all aroundfilm i highly recommend this filmfor your entertainment pleasure a future classic.
B00004RIUV|4.0|This album has received a lot critical acclaim through the years. Many believe it to be Clark's most adventurous work. It certainly had the biggest production arrangements of anything since the Godsin Brothers album. There must had been a lot riding on it. Unfortunately, it was not a commercial success. Gene would make only one more solo album for a major label. How does it stack up to Gene's other work. I usually prefer Roadmaster, White Light or Fantastic Expedition. However, No Other has some beautiful material on it. Silver Phial is extremely powerful; one of those swirling anthems only Clark could pen. Life's Greatest Fool, Silver Raven, and Some Misunderstanding are classic. The more peculiar, but nevertheless excellent title track and Strength of Strings have arrangements unique to the rest of the Clark canon.<BR>If you have already ventured into Clark's catalogue, you really need this album (for Silver Phial alone!). If you're new to Clark and/or coming from the the Byrds' nest you might try something else. Eventually, you'll come around to this one. Put it this way: While its arguable as to whether this album reaches the level of his other masterworks, No Other still outshines ANYTHING produced by the other soloing original byrds.<BR>Gene, God Bless you, sir!
B00003CXBK|5.0|Stunning and beautiful, PRINCESS MONONOKE was well worth the wait. Miyazaki combines brilliant art with a spellbinding story--made all the more compelling for not being bound by the standards of expectation and American pop taste that keep Disney films solidly in the &quot;G&quot;-rated category. The best animated film I've seen in many years, and highly recommended.
0440219078|4.0|This was a truly great book but I didn't like it because of the story. The most powerful book I've ever read.  This book makes you think and wonder about your life and pain and also about your happy feelings and the question rises what is worth what. Everyone should read this powerful book.
0553106635|4.0|My oh my.  Just when I thought Martin could not get any better I see how much punch he has left.  This is a grand epic of intrigue and backstabbing and everything-but-the-kitchen-sink.  Compared to other, great modern fantasy series, there is an overall lack of magic in Martin's book.  Yes, it is there, but not as pervasive as it is in, say, Jordan's books.  All the heroes here have no special magical gifts.  In my opinion, Martin's strength is his excellent characterizations.  He is not afraid to remove major figures from the playing field.  One moment they are poised to take over the story, and the next moment they're gone.  You never really know what will happen next.  The story itself is absolutely enormous in scope, spanning several continents and plotlines.  And the characters shift constantly: just when you think you have someone pegged, you are suprised to see how a powerful experience makes them grow, change and do unpredictable things.  In A Storm Of Swords, Jaime and Tyrion undergo some stunning metamorphoses almost out of the blue.  Others like Catelyn are as guilt-ridden as ever.  Martin's strength is that he constantly keeps you guessing, nothing is taboo or set in stone.  Every book provides new insights and revelations.
B000002LCI|5.0|Among Depeche Mode albums, this is definitely one of their best. Although the songs are not dancable, they are all very good and give an example of techno/synth in another style. It also contains some remixes of the songs which can be quite good. The album's best feature is the melodramatic sound and the haunting music. Also, you can listen to the full and original versions of Never Let Me Down Again, Strangelove, and Behind the Wheel in which there was a lot of remixing done for The Singles. This is a very beautiful album with great songs. I recommend it to anyone wanting to know a bit about Depeche Mode or an old fan.
B00004Z459|5.0|I was a little skeptical, but I figured I would just buy it.  This is the best cd I have ever listened to and I would recommend it to anyone!  You might read some of the other reviews, but they dont have their head on straight! (no offense)  This is the greatest and these boys have so much potential and so much talent!  I am telling you all, buy this cd.  They are awesome!  You wont regret it!!!! I am so serious, this is great!
B00000DG1R|4.0|I think Greatest is among Duran Duran's best compilation of hits. Duran Duran has been a very influential band in the 80s and has some of the best pop music I've ever listened to. Not to mention best looking (just kidding!). <br />Anyways, I mainly bought this album as I had wanted to find The Reflex and listen to it. However, I'm quite surprised that I liked a few other songs as well such as Hungry Like a Wolf and Rio which I thought had pretty cool music. It seems that their style changed a lot in the 90s though.<br />Despite the fact that I myself, find the album's layout a bit confusing, I think it was quite good that they listed the song's copyright era as it makes identifying the song easier when ripping audio.<br />Overall, I have to say this is a really good compilation and it is quite recommended to Duranies and people looking for 80s music.
B00004BZ0N|5.0|I bought this album (that's right album) probably on the day it came out, and loved it.  From those beginning chords of London's Calling through the pop of Lost in the Supermarket, to the reggae of Revolution Rock, and finally the hidden cut, Train in Vain, I thought this record was fantastic.  Despite being of college age back then, I was never much of a punk rocker, tending to lean more toward bands that could actually play their instruments, but this record taught me, more than any other at the time, that a rock n roll record could be fun. As time went on though, I changed with the times, bought a lot of CD's, and forgot about my old albums. I just bought London Calling on CD, and all I can say is it is still fantastic.  Talk about music withstanding the tests of time. I have been humming along with the songs since I put it in my cd player, and plan on doing it for months to come.  The Clash still are the only band that matters.
B000051VWW|5.0|Not a single penny was wasted on this CD. This album is BEAUTIFUL and have a lot of meaning. Sade is definitely not an ordinary singer. She is brilliant and knows exactly how to capture listners.  Buy this CD and you will know why she deserves an award.
B000002L9S|3.0|As far as I know there is no &quot;Best of Madonna&quot; collection. That would be a CD I'd give 5 stars! However, all her albums I listened to so far contained s o m e good songs (the one under review: Papa don't preach, Live to tell, True blue, perhaps La Isla Bonita) but the rest is quite average. Maybe I'm just too demanding but I'm spoiled by bands that manage to deliver albums w i t h o u t  any flaws, pieces of art like (now listen up Madonna fans to some real stuff!) :<br />The Beatles &quot;St. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club band&quot; (and others), the Moody Blues &quot;Question of Balance&quot; or &quot;Every good boy deserves favour&quot;, Sparks &quot;Kimono my House&quot;, Slade's &quot;In Flame&quot;, Queen's &quot;Killer Queen&quot;, Steppenwolf's &quot;Monster&quot;, Pink Floyd's &quot;Dark side of the moon&quot;. These are more on the &quot;melodious&quot; side. Not to mention various flawless &quot;heavier&quot; artifices from YES, Rare Earth, Santana, Robin Trower, Emerson Lake &amp; Palmer, etc. Good old times....
B00004Z459|5.0|this cd is SOOO good i can't stop listening to it. any Papa Roach fans out there will love this cd so much. it has metal, hiphop, and hardcore rock in it, just like p roach. Limp Bizkit and Korn fans will love this too. its such a good mix of music types. i can honestly say that i love every single song on this cd. BUY IT NOW and u won't regret it!
B00004ZEPN|5.0|Not being a fan of overly violent movies I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of this film.  There is an excellent story line here.<br />However, I will caution you, I left prior to some of the easily anticipated violent scenes.  I just can't take the gore.  I really can't say how bad some scenes were.<br />The movie is about Russell Crowe's main character Maximus who gets majorly shafted after many years of good service to the Roman empire.  He resurfaces after being thought dead to right some wrongs. I'd rather not say why or how as this may ruin the story for you, however, Russell Crowe was a perfect pick for this role.  He does a wonderful job.  Having first seen him in &quot;The Insider&quot; I did not know he was an actor who had many action films under his belt.  His range is amazing.<br />The rest of the cast is equally impressive<br />Joaquin Pheonix oozes psychotic behavior in his role as Commodus son of Caesar Marcus Aurelius, another perfect pick.<br />Richard Harris was an excellent pick to play the role of Marcus Aurelius and plays the wise leader with great finesse.<br />Connie Nielsen plays Lucilla sister to the evil Commodus and displays the careful demeanor of one who is under the power of a maniac.<br />Oliver Reed is Proximo the &quot;owner&quot; of the Gladiators and brings his exuberance last seen in the Three Musketeers to his final role.  He is a former Gladiator and longs for the &quot;old&quot; days when that meant something.<br />The set design and special effects were wonderfully done.  You can see the horror of war and the spectacle of the arena.<br />I can see why this film was so well applauded when it first came out.
B000002NJS|5.0|This has to be the best Madonna CD to date. Even if you are not an electronica fan, you will like this CD. The music is just beautiful. And Madonnas voice had matured and become more beautiful. Many of the songs alude to spiritual topics. I hope she continues making this type of CD, because this is absolutely wonderful. A great CD for anyone who likes great music, whether they are a Madonna fan or not.
B00000JY1X|5.0|A friend of mine played 69 love songs for me, and it blew me away.  The lyrics are amazing, and I could listen to these songs over and over.  If I were in a concentration camp with a cd player as my only recreational device, I would surely include these cd's in the set.  <br />I personally recommend, 'Bunny Rabbits', fantastic!
B0000024SD|5.0|Bob Dylan also issued the better-known HIGHWAY 61 REVISITED in 1965, but I really think pound for pound, this album is better. It shows the best of Dylan before he totally plugged in, smoked too much pot and ruined his voice.<br />IT'S ALL OVER NOW BABY BLUE is his greatest acoustic work, and songs like MAGGIE'S FARM and TAMBORINE MAN are here in their original glory (later to be covered by Rage Against The Machine and The Byrds, respectively). The range of people who have covered his songs is a great testament to his success as a singer/songwriter.<br />Other gems include cleverly written ditties BOB DYLAN'S 115TH DREAM and IT'S ALRIGHT MA, where he weaves in humor, politics and passion like only Bob Dylan can. I could go on about any of the songs, really - they paint a great portrait of a Woody Guthrie-influenced, down-and-dirty, folksy Americana. The sad (yet fortunate) thing is that this album can often be found in bargain bins...making it a priced-to-own treasure.
B00004X0Q0|4.0|My online friend told me about this band last month.  Then I heard One Armed Scissor on the radio and I was like, huh?  The lead singer can't sing to save his life but for some strange reason I am drawn to this band.  Kind of like a hot stove---you know it's hot, but you reach out to touch it anyways.  ATDI definitely has a future; they are a kick in the pants in the corporate world of rock.
B00004XOWM|1.0|The only good thing about this album is that Trent Reznor gets money out of it.  Apparently Durst couldn't think up enough actual lyrics (without swearing) to fill the album, so he borrowed Trent's.  This album is a good example of the kind of corporate-rock world in which we live.  Clearly Chocolate Starfish... was put together to cash in on the band's fame, and not for the sake of music.  The day I buy this album will be the day I shoot myself.  (I mean that.)  So here i am, patientally waiting for the next movement of pure music to wipe-out the current excrement.
0451167716|5.0|What a fantastic book!  I can't say enough positive things about it.  Puzo's character development draws you in &amp; makes you care about him irrepespective of his place in the storyline.  If you are a fan of the Godfather movies, then I highly recommend reading the book that started it all.  Although the movie was pretty true to the book, it didnt quite do justice.  Reading this book is your chance to gain better insight into Don Corleone &amp; his dealings.
0783208227|5.0|Let's be blunt:  There are better-made films out there.  This film is cheesey and preposterous.  But who the hell cares?  We don't go watch films to see perfection in cinematography; we watch films to be absorbed by a story that takes us on an emotional journey with the characters, at least most of the time.  This movie is MY FAVORITE MOVIE OF ALL TIME simply because I couldn't imagine being more touched on a heartfelt level.  Not only is this film absolutely hilarious and exciting and a rollercoaster ride throughout; but it is also an emotional-powerhouse film told with so much heartbeat to its rythm that it feels like music.  A MUST SEE for anyone who's looking for a beautifully original story of love and friendship.  Enjoy!
B0000025F7|5.0|Off the wall ranks as the best piece of r&amp;b to come out of the seventies. Michael's first solo album brings to the table his unyet established trademark &quot;kinetic&quot; beats and now famous falessto.  The best track on the whole LP has to be the ultra high pitched r&amp;b opera &quot;Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough&quot;.  This is followed closely by the final track, &quot;Burn This Disco Out&quot;.  It also marks the second pairing of production credits between Quincy Jones and Jackson (the first being &quot;You Can't Win&quot;-a song that Jackson sang for &quot;The Wiz&quot; soundtrack).  Every track is pure bliss and the disc also sets the tone for his follow up disc.  The smash album &quot;Thriller&quot;.  Even those who enjoy the mellow Jackson, will find their gems; just check out his duet with Patti Austin and the McCartney and Jackson penned &quot;Girlfriend&quot;  This cd is a must buy!!!
B000007OY0|5.0|Wow!  When I think of &quot;The Shawshank Redemption&quot;, I see it as the most perfectly made movie I have ever seen, flat out!  True, it is only my personal third favorite film behind &quot;Heart and Souls&quot; and &quot;Forrest Gump&quot;, but I do see it as the best movie ever made for it's crafty storytelling.  The progression of the characters and the messages throughout this film weave such a strong and profound story that it will leave you breathless.  And Morgan Freeman's narration gives such REALISTIC heart that it has the power to touch ANYONE, not just people looking to be touched.  Sharp, fresh, and thoroughly powerful!
0060920084|4.0|I should state up front that I am a huge fan of Bryson's and usually snatch up his books the moment they hit the bookstores. I re-read this one recently and had a few thoughts to share.<br />Compared to his books about England and Europe, this one falls a little flat. There's a lot more personal observation and anecdote and less history. The constant references to his father (cheap, bad driver, obsessed with historical trivia) grow a little wearing. One can't help wondering what the rest of the family thinks of all this.<br />As a veteran of long road trips across North America myself, I can sympathize with the boredom he feels. If it weren't for the changing geography, it would be hard to tell where you are sometimes; everywhere you see the same tourist junk, fast food and strip malls. Bryson is rightly outraged at the disappearance of local &quot;character&quot; and the cheesiness of mass culture.<br />I think many of the negative reviews come from people outraged to find their own hometowns, states or regions slighted, which is understandable but does colour their opinion too much, I think. Try to set aside the outrage and ask where Bryson is coming from. <br />There's one thing Bryson consistently does in his books which I find very tiresome: pointing out women he finds fat or disgusting, enumerating their faults, and even extrapolating on their character flaws, personality defects, etc. Bill, I'm a big fan, but you're no poster boy for sculpted abs yourself. ;) Even if you were, it wouldn't give this observations any validity. It's a cheap, nasty, adolescent thing to do and frankly I expect better. (OK, off my soapbox now) <br />Overall, a book that locates the tackier, more disappointing sides of American life in a very amusing fashion. Let's not try to pretend that everything about America is always wonderful, pretty or important.
6305308659|5.0|I am overwhelmed by how much there is to be said about this movie; but the bottom line is that it is one of my few personal favorites!  I'm eager to talk on and on describing this movie, but i'm sure other reviews have done so and I'd rather just get to the point.  On its surface, &quot;Pleasantville&quot; is a fun, sunny story about finding bliss in life; and that alone is great.  But what drives the film home is its symbolic undertones and messages concerning society and human nature.  It's not only about character development; it's about social development--and it's themes are profoundly intriguing.  AND, it's a pure delight to watch and be enchanted by!  The cast is SUPERB across the boards, but most notably Joan Allen as a 50's-citcom mother on a journey to discover her true and complete self; I honestly have never seen a better female performance in my humble opinion!  Where were ya on that one, Academy??  A MUST SEE!
B00000IL1K|5.0|If you listened to La Luna and wondered if it was worth it to buy any of her other albums, this one is a great one to buy.<br />Stylistically, it isn't as organic and thematic as La Luna, but it is a fine album nevertheless.  It is somewhat flawed, but with enough good material to justify a good rating.  <br />The title track does play on that male chanting made popular with Enigma and the Benedictine monks &quot;Chant&quot; album, but is doesn't detract from what is a solid track.  This sonically stellar track is followed by So Many Things, which she sings in a higher register.  It is slower in pace, but is such a lovely rendition.  Another good track that follows is Anytime, Anywhere.<br />I know that some other reviewers slammed her for the Dust in the Wind cover, but I think that is is very good.  The lyrics and melody flatter Sarah's vocal abilities.  <br />Sarah Brightman has yet to release a flawless album (that I've heard), and Mi Cuore Va is an example of ideas that should have been scrapped in the recording studio.  Her Italian here sounds forced and highly contrived.  Besides, everyone grew tired of the original Celine Dion version, so to reprise that, even with some variation, can't help but be a mistake.<br />I am disappointed also in Deliver Me.  To me, this song wants to be more uptempo- I wish someone could have remixed it.  That would have been a great track 17!<br />On the operatic side, Nessun Dorma and Lascia Ch'io Pianga are good, the best delivery that Sarah could have done with her vocal abilities.  Well, I don't see her performing in an opera at La Scala in Milan anytime soon, but these are nice interpretations.  She adds coloratura to Lascia Ch'io Pianga, and the Nessun Dorma aria which Puccini composed for a male voice is given a soprano rendition which I find intriguing thematically.  A lot of feminine longing there...<br />Two other tracks that I would be highly remiss not to mention are Tu, the Mecano song, and Only An Ocean Away.  I'm moved everytime I hear both of them, especially the latter song.<br />Hard to believe, but I listen to to this album even more than La Luna, which first turned me on to Sarah Brightman.
6305609691|1.0|The only thing more ridiculous than Apocalypse Now being on the list of AFI's top 100 movies is that abortion of a film, Citizen Cane, being number one.  You could sum up the whole movie in an eight-word phrase: a boring, long, pretentious, unoriginal waste of film.  Francis Ford Coppola should be infinitely ashamed of this disease of a film.    It is one thing to adapt a book to make a movie, but Apocalypse Now plagiarizes from Heart of Darkness and is still unable to come up with a decent plot.  Every plot twist is ripped off directly from Conrad's novel.  Coppola desperately attempts to make the movie his own by filling the movie with nonsense scenes that add nothing to the movie and waste a lot of time.  Can someone explain to me what the scene with the women dancing around then leaving on the helicopter had to do with anything?  Or the first scene for that matter?  Furthermore, Coppola continues that try to win &quot;the most unoriginal and uninteresting movie of all time&quot; award by shamelessly exploiting the same war stereotypes seen in EVERY movie ever made about Vietnam.  The soldiers are smoking dope, the Americans are killing innocent Vietnamese, and the American commanders are goofy and carefree (and like to surf).  The acting of Martin Sheen is unconvincing due to his extremely lack of facial expression and Lawrence &quot;Larry&quot; Fisherburne is inane.    However, the worst offense of this movie, by far and away, was the acting of Marlon Brando.  Brando is still doing that stupid Godfather voice.  Someone should have told him Don Corlone was dead.  Besides being unintelligible, the shots of Brando's bald head and pantless victims are enough to make me scream &quot;the horror, the horror!&quot;  But the cinematography was really good, though.
B000002UB3|5.0|It's hard to believe that a group so close to breaking up could produce a good record at all, let alone what is probably the best pop record of the last 50 years. But somehow the Beatles did it. This album is the most fun-sounding Beatles album of their experimental work. Songs like the hopeful \\"Here Comes the Sun\\" and the cheery romping \\"Octopus's Garden\\" keep the mood of the LP light, while hard rockers like \\"I Want You (She's So Heavy)\\" and the acid-drenched opener and probably the most popular song from the album, \\"Come Together\\" let you know that the Beatles were still serious about their music. Lennon's totally random lyrics (\\"Here come old flat-top/He come groovin' up slowly/He got juju eyeball/He's one holy roller\\"... what?!?!) along with a hypnotizing bass-heavy backdrop make for a fantastic opener.<br />There really isn't one song on this album that is mediocre. From the sheer beauty of \\"Something\\" to the Brechtian \\"Maxwell's Silver Hammer\\" to the doo-wop-inflected \\"Oh! Darling,\\" \\"Abbey Road\\" has it all in one place or another.<br />There are several moments on this record that help me to define it as classic, and I may come off a little strange here. There are certain moments in this record that just give me goosebumps. One is at the very beginning of \\"She Came In Through the Bathroom Window.\\" The back half of this album is basically a suite of several short songs strung together, and as that song is segueing on, Lennon goes \\"Oh, look out,\\" and I just get a chill in my spine. That is one of the moments that defines good rock music to me. Another is in the dreamy \\"Sun King,\\" when the Beatles begin to sing in what I think is Spanish?? Maybe Italian. Anyway, that part really gives me pause as well. And the final part is when \\"Golden Slumbers\\" reaches it's peak, and Lennon really begins to belt.<br />I could go on and on and on about the virtues of this album. From the harmonized beauty of \\"Because\\" to the quirky humor of \\"Mean Mr. Mustard\\" and \\"Polythene Pam,\\" but the easiest way is for you to just buy the record and listen yourself. I promise you won't regret it.
0679745653|5.0|I first picked up this book at about age 10( after seeing the movie a while back) and couldnt grasp it, now at 13 i read and loved this book. I love the way capote writes, and Holy is an amzing character, who has woderful development during the story. If u have seen the movie, and other old ones by hepburn u can see her playing holly perfectly.
B00000J7S8|5.0|When I Look In Your Eyes is Ms. Krall's latest contribution to the cause of Jazz/Popular Song styling.  She is a young, vivacious, piano-playing songstress that continues to develop into a monumental talent.  In previous outings, Ms. Krall has demonstrated a touch with a lyric and with the piano that is remarkably similar to Nat King Cole's.  Her tribute recording of All for You pays appropriate homage to an influence she tries not to hide.  But she is no mere sound-alike.<br />Mrs. Krall is something very special.  She possesses a rare combination of technical brilliance and sex appeal.  She shines neon on the subtle shadows of double entendres and hints of the risqu included in surprisingly many lyrics of songs from the conservative cloister of past decades.  When she sings \\"Do It Again,\\" \\"I've Got You Under My Skin,\\" and \\"I Can't Give You Anything But Love,\\" Ms. Krall brings a frank expression that makes these standards sound fresh and modern.  With that accomplishment, Ms. Krall gives relief to all of us who worried about the musical landscape without the historic landmarks of Sinatra, Fitzgerald, Torme, and Vaughan.<br />Ms. Krall's voice purrs, cracks, moans, and floats over her sparse piano and the thick carpet of strings provided by Johnny Mandel.  The timbre of her voice is dark, rich, and with an edge that gives character and depth to her staccato delivery.  She sings to the mike like a drunk whispers to his glass, quiet and from the heart.  Her command of dynamics in the introduction of \\"Let's Fall In Love\\" demonstrates an impressive ability to syncopate solitary tones.  She swings effectively and with a natural cadence that is rooted in the best of traditional Jazz vocalizing.  On the title track, she sings so slowly and softly that she barely has enough breath to be heard.  Her voice rises and falls and fades away to just hints of sound.  But what a sound!  If she doesn't smoke, she should.  The huskiness of her tone along with her sincerity is infatuating.<br />Mercer Ellington wrote \\"Things Ain't What They Used To Be,\\" and, in the popular music world, with the recent passing of the titans of this century's song singers, that is certainly true.  But as Ms. Krall's latest recording promises, as does the recent work of Natalie Cole, John Pizarreli, Frank Sinatra Jr., and John LaBelle, to hear fine interpretations of the American Songbook you don't have to wait to see Sinatra in the sky.
B00003CXMG|5.0|The fact that Almost Famous did not do well in the box office completely baffles me.  Unlike some movies that are worthy of Oscar consideration, this movie has something to offer to viewers of all tastes and all walks of life.  Almost Famous is one of those very rare movies where you completely lose yourself in the movie, where you don't want the movie to end, and when it does, you consider jumping back in line to buy another ticket.  Anyone who truly considers him or herself a music fan cannot hope to live a good life without seeing this movie.  Usually, the quality of a film is open to subjective tastes and debates.  Almost Famous is an exception.  I would view anyone who says this movie is not good in the same light as anyone who says &quot;Abbey Road,&quot; &quot;Highway 61 Revisited,&quot; or &quot;Sticky Fingers&quot; are bad rock albums: they're just plain wrong.
B00004XOWM|5.0|This the first album that i have really heard of Limp Bizkit and i have to say i liked what i heard.  With hit singles like Take A Look Around, My Generation and the current hit Rollin its easy to see why so many other people like them as well.  Fred Durst has an amazing voice and has his own individyality that he adds to all of the tracks that Limp Bizkit have released.  I certainly be looking up their bacl catalouge
B00004R99M|5.0|I loved this film when I was a child, and had cut out dolls, and games relating to the movie. I had the LP and knew all the words and sang them so much it must have driven my family bonkers. And my children also loved this movie and I bought a copy as soon as it became available. <br />Julie Andrews won an Oscar for her portrayal of the irrepressible nanny, Mary Poppins who brings a carpetbag of magical adventures into the lives of the Banks family on Cherry Tree Lane. With a dazzling blend of animation and live-action, and an award-winning musical score, this is a must for children and the young at heart. This is a timeless classic, that children centuries from now will still enjoy.
B00003CXDG|5.0|I'm surprised about the negative reviews. This movie had what the first lacked--a plot. Also, John Woo's directing is amazing as usual
0679721037|4.0|I recommend Hiroshima to anyone who likes history and drama.  Its an emotional, realistic account of six survivors of the Aotmic bomb, and its effect on their lives.  It takes the in depth journey into that day and lets americans feel its true tragedy.
B000000W6X|3.0|Massive Attack's first album, BLUE LINES, was an exciting and novel release that offered a range of superb tracks that didn't let the listener down. Four years later, Massive Attack released PROTECTION, and this trip-hop band tripped up a little.<br />PROTECTION nowhere offers the consistency that BLUE LINES did, and many of the songs are rather weak, especially the title track and &quot;Three.&quot; The last track, a live performance of The Doors' &quot;Light My Fire&quot;, seems pretty out-of-place.<br />However, there are a couple of great tracks which stop this from being a bad album, the ganja-influenced &quot;Eurochild&quot; and &quot;Karmacoma,&quot; and the ambient &quot;Heat Miser.&quot; This songs make the album listenable, but somewhat disappointing all in all.<br />Happily, Massive Attack's next release, 1998's MEZZANINE, is one of the best rock albums ever, and regains the perfection (surpasses it, in fact) of BLUE LINES.
B000002O7C|5.0|This is a very complex score that does as good a job as catching the feel of a movie, and influencing that feel, as any in recent memory. Poledouris has *really* done his homework. One can hear the October Revolution happening during the opening scene with the Russian men's chorus, just as if it were happining today instead of 80 plus years ago. In this opening piece Poledouris has juxtaposed this theme with another one suggesting the approach of armageddon, and the result is breathtaking. But ultimately both themes are swallowed up by still other ones--heavily 19th century/Romantic in nature--of the eternal sea. The message of this score? Your ideology doesn't matter . . . the size of your nuclear arsenal doesn't matter . . .  in the end the sea will dominate everything. My only complaint is the one that others have voiced--this CD is way too short.
0345403959|5.0|This is not going to be a thorough review, but rather a comment on the reviews of others.<br />Many state that this 1) is slightly disappointing and lacks the humor of the Belgariad/Mallorean 2) should be read only AFTER reading the Mallorean and the Belgariad. I, however, read BtS before starting on M/B and I found it tremendously enjoyable, and my experience when reading M/B was only enhanced by this.<br />Anyway, that's what I think.
B00004SCX6|3.0|Riding on the title track's success Britney's second album, although carrying a lot of similarities to her first, is a good effort for the young starlet.  The first half of the album is pure pop indulgence, candy for weaker listeners and teenybopper garbage for the others.  There's no doubt that Britney has talent, and her catchy singles \\"Stronger\\", \\"Don't go knocking on my door\\", \\"Don't let me be the last to know\\", \\"What you see is what you get\\" and \\"Lucky\\" contain all the peppy ingredients of hits, that will definitely be appreciated by Britney fans.  Even those who denounce the pop princess will find themselves tapping their toes and shaking those shoulders to \\"Stronger.\\"  This single is by far the album's best, the melody is slightly different, and the lyrics are appropriate for all ages, setting up a more diverse audience for Britney.  Unfortunately one cannot say the same about the rest of the album.  <br />Britney Spears has a sexy image of a woman, but her songs set her up to be the little girl who danced in a school uniform to \\"Baby one more time\\".  After listening to more of the songs, very little variance is discovered in the melody and in the lyrics.  She, or her writers, simply do not want to portray her as a woman of too much experience, but fans will be disappointed by the bland stereotypical girl's thoughts drawn out in \\"One Kiss from you\\", \\"You got it all\\" and \\"When your eyes say it all\\".  \\"Dear Diary\\", the singer's first writing effort is sweet as sugar, but after listening to five similar ballads, I am doubtful listeners will get to the final track.  \\"Girl in the Mirror\\" had a good idea behind it, but it simply was not orchestrated properly.  <br />Britney's lack of vocal range is obvious, which is why she  should stick to peppy dance tunes, rather than long ballads that could be handled better by more skilled youngsters such as Christina Aguleira and the very talented Jessica Simpson (but hey - wasn't that obvious to everyone at the American Music Awards this year).  \\"Don't let me be the last to know\\" is the only slow song she carries off with success.  Britney should also stick to her own tunes, rather than trying to cover hits of the past.  \\"Satisfaction\\" is a reasonable cover but far too repetitive without the original `oomph' of Mick Jagger, and besides, why can she get no satisfaction?  She loves hanging out with her friends, having crushes on boys and writing in her diary about them - once more Britney is torn between the woman and the girl.  Once she can decide which one she wants to be, I feel she will release a much more `satisfying' album for her fans.  However if you listen to Britney's vocals interludes in which she trades details with girlfriends about the men in her life, I mean boys - sorry, or her oh-so-cute answering machine message, you will see `Brit' as her friends call her, for who she really is.  A girl having fun, once you can see this her album becomes enjoyable provided you stick with the catchy tracks at the beginning, as opposed to irritating as it can be on first impression.  Her producers should have trashed the extra five songs, making an album of ten a lot more pleasing to the ears and the mind.
B00004TJFL|4.0|This movie gets a lot of heat from the critics and also from Halloween fans.  The critics say it had not much innovation.  But enough about you.  But to me, Halloween 5 is a movie which does well in the entertainment factor.  Michael Myers is back to slaughter more teen's in his quest to kill his niece, Jamie (Danielle Harris).  Danielle does an excellent job acting despite her age.  Sam Loomis returns, (Donald Pleasance) and play's his over caffinated character once more as his obsession with Michael continues, while he gives a great performance.  (&quot;But you know where he is!&quot;)  This movie was scary, which is what horror movies are designed to do.  It's eccentric camera angles help with the scary moments of the movie.  And the ending made us wonder which added depth to the film which is always a plus.  The things fans say that are stupid about this movie is Michael's mask and the fact that his home has turned into a mansion.  Those are okay arguements, but here are the ones the I think ruin the movie.  The movie was slow in the middle witht the barn scene.  The characters were your usual idiots which you want to see die painfully.  And like the critics were saying, I think the movie needed more innovation to it.  I don't want the Halloween series to turn out like the &quot;Friday the 13th&quot; movies.  I recommend this movie to any one who likes the Halloween series.  If your not, give this movie a shot any way and you'll probably like it.
0517122707|1.0|Heresy!  This book regarding my important life is full of half-truths!  And gives me valve trouble.  Burn it.  Burn every copy.
B000001F9E|5.0|This is one of my favorite albums. Not because of &quot;The Boys are Back in Town&quot; or &quot;The Cowboy Song&quot; which are fine tunes but for the the cohesiveness of the entire album.  Songs flow together well and Gorham &amp; Robertson guitar playing is the finest example of harmony playing around. Please note, this is not the best effort by Thin Lizzy - for that listen to the 1979 release &quot;Black Rose&quot;.
0792151712|4.0|I continue to enjoy &quot;Titanic&quot;.  I continue to rewatch the video.  Now that the theme song no longer &quot;goes on&quot; (and on and on...!) I continue to enjoy the soaring, powerful soundtrack on CD. To me, Cameron's epic film is not about the syrupy love story.  And the ship is certainly not simply the vessel which conveyed Winslett and DeCaprio to teenybopper godhood.  I'm not saying the love story is superfluous -- the improbable romance between a society girl and a commoner allows a view of both First-Class and Steerage-Class, and showcases the social class distinctions of the period.  This very interesting contrast had not previously been depicted in earlier films, which had focused mainly on the famous upper class passengers.  Therefore I'll refrain from criticizing the romantic plotline overmuch.  Anyway, for me, the star of the movie is the Titanic itself.  Cameron paid amazing attention to detail, recreating every set to look exactly like photos of the real ship.  The engine room is a masterpiece.  Filmed on a living, restored Liberty Ship (whose powerplant is a fraction of the size of Titanic's), CGI was employed to create miniature catwalks and tiny blackgang crew, and the impression of coal-stoked operation.  Costumes and accessories, even the meals served, were faithfully replicated.  Actors were chosen who actually resemble the historical figures in the supporting cast.  The special effects involved in the sinking, utilizing a full scale model, are spectacular.  Likewise the remarkable authentic footage taken from the real Russian research ship and minisubs. By brilliantly framing the past story in the present, Cameron shares with his audience his own wondrous experience of visiting the Titanic in her North Atlantic grave.  His personal infatuation with the ill-fated ship shows in other subtle detail.  For example, Jack's exultant cry &quot;We're the luckiest guys in the world!&quot; is an ironic echo of the real-life lamentation of the crewmen who spent too much time in the pub and missed the boat, &quot;We must be the unluckiest blokes in the world!&quot;  And that much-parodied &quot;king of the world&quot; pose (also tagged the &quot;Rose Pose&quot;) is intentionally the personification of a monument commissioned by the wealthy Society widows who survived the disaster.  This sculpture of a sleek woman, torso arched and arms outstretched, still honors the husbands who gallantly remained behind while their wives took to the lifeboats.  No such sculpture commemorated the Steerage passengers, many of whom were confined below while the ship foundered.  But Cameron pays them tribute by giving human faces to that faceless mass of humanity.  A porcelain doll discovered in the strewn wreckage on the ocean floor was reproduced for the film and is seen in the arms of a third-class child who presumably drowned.  Particularly poignant is the sight of a doomed mother in a life vest, desperately holding her infant above the freezing water.  Yes, Jack's fictional sacrifice tugs shamelessly at the heartstrings, but real people died in the disaster.  Many behaved heroically, others demonstrated dispicable cowardice.  So the fictional characters may be cliche'ed, but they are a pretty fair composite of the historical reality.  For its grand scope and spare-no-expense attention to detail, Titanic deserves its multiple awards.  Besides, any movie which inspires a gazillion teenagers to appreciate history can't be bad!
B000002KNU|5.0|IT seems that Talking Heads have something that many other groups do not.  I enjoy every track on most of their albums (which is a rare thing).  This album, their first, is pretty good.  The band, formerly the Artistics, had just gained Jerry Harrison... and was now a 4-piece band.  In this album, you can tell that they are not acquainted with the recording studio.  They sound raw, pulsated, and energetic (as they were at C.B.G.B's.. where they got their start).  From the first track, the catchy &quot;Love Comes to Town&quot;, I knew this would be no ordinary album.  By the time &quot;Pulled Up&quot; finishes, you crave more.  It sounds like they are having fun.  They don't fill an album with no-count love songs (how many songs can be written about love.. it's been done to death).. nor do they fill an album with bogus track for the sake of having 40 minutes.  Every song is great and still seems very very new.  David Byrne is a musical visionary... and this album proves the potential that we could expect in Byrne years later (with and without the heads).  Dubbed as the &quot;thinking man's rock band,&quot; their lyrics are pretty intelligent and they rock.  Chris' drumming is great, Byrne's strange vocals and guitar are captivating, Tina does a great job on the bass, and Jerry is great on the keyboards.  If you want a good time, enjoy this gem.
B00004U8P9|5.0|Great 2-DVD set, plenty of special effects (add audience, prompts, participation) and extras.  Menus are cute, even if the animations get old after awhile.  The best &quot;Midnight movie&quot; ever, X'ers everywhere will want to get this to relive those glory days (nights?) of high school and college.  Get a bottle of Boone's farm, turn out the lights, and be seventeen again.
B00002E233|2.0|Renny Harlin tries to out-&quot;Jaws&quot; Steven Spielberg, and the result is this insipid, silly mess.  A group of moronic scientists make Mako sharks more intelligent in order to fight Alzheimer's disease, then get eaten.  The great Samuel L. Jackson shows up (but not for long!) to talk about his disastrous mountain-climbing expedition (which plays no role in the outcome of the movie, nor does it develop his character), but LL Cool J steals the show as the cook who values his parrot over his own life.  <br />Other than an all-too-brief Saffron Burrows in her underwear scene, and LL Cool J's antics, there's not much to recommend about this movie.  The characters are dopes, the death scenes go on so long several of them induce laughter, and the CGI sharks are atrociously animated- they look like they're sliding along through space, rather than swimming.   This is one movie that makes the abysmal (and &quot;Abyss&quot;-mal) &quot;Deepstar Six&quot; look like triumph.  On the plus side, the animatronic sharks look pretty realistic.  So does Saffron Burrows, but you can look at pictures of her on the Internet and avoid &quot;Deep Blue Sea&quot; altogether.
6304712936|5.0|Striking story chock-full of wonderful music, great costumes, highbrow and lowbrow settings.  One of the top 10 musicals in my collection.
B000001C6D|4.0|My god, the hyperbolic reviews about this album! As a &quot;veteran&quot; metal fan, who has been trying to catch up on what's been going on &quot;lately,&quot; I finally decided to give this vaunted album a spin. This is a good, not a great, album. It is pretty derivative, but not as gratingly so as, say, Iced Earth. Other reviewers refer to the &quot;brooding cello intro,&quot; almost as though it is some sort of master stroke; this is a &quot;synth cello&quot; that is not ineffective, yet not some great dramatic device either. In any case, at least this album is not littered with cheesy &quot;goth&quot; keyboards, or weak quasi operatic vocals (except on the second-to-last track). The lead singer has an effective gruff, but not &quot;death metal growling&quot; voice, in the James Hetfield vein. Based on what I've read and heard of this band's development, they seem to go along with the tide of whatever's popular at the time. If they were to release a new album now, it would probably have &quot;nu metal&quot; episodes in it.<br />All of that said, there are some good, heavy, moderately-paced guitar riffing here, and the songs are pretty good, if not particularly original - although the album definitely begins to flag a bit after about track five. I don't think it's any coincidence that this album was released the year after Metallica's &quot;Black Album,&quot; as the first half of the album in particular reminded me a lot of the slowed-down, less technical, more accessible, approach that the former thrash masters took on their fifth opus - right down to the increased prominence of the wah wah pedal. Ironically, I found the last instrumental track to be among the most compelling, but alas it's way to short as the band went for the old metal album cliche' of the short, stapled-on, instrumental outro/closer; if you're going to bother to put an instrumental on a metal album, go ahead and develop it out a little more.<br />I didn't find this album to be quite the life-changing experience that some of the other reviewers here found it to be, and it wouldn't make my top 25 (or maybe even 50) metal albums list, but it's got some things to recommend it, especially for those who are relatively new to metal. Metal fans who have been around for awhile, may just find them selves reaching for some good ol' 'eighties speed metal, after listening to this.
0684852756|5.0|At first impression this story may appear banal and self-centered, however it is really a rich network of ideas interwoven with self-betrayal, passion, exile and abject realism. Kureishi manages to swirl you around with images from your own life so much that you may find it difficult to stop reading this passionate tale of dark inner truths. You will feel for the main protagonist, be able to relate to his insecurities, be shocked by his behaviour and resent him,  sometimes all in one go. This is one of my favourite Kureishi books.  I would encourage you to read it if you've ever been in love, ever been fed up with your life circumstances, ever not wanted to go to work or ever dreamt of living on a beach and escaping it all.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Many of the other reviews seem to be stuck on analyzing the metaphor or historical meaning of this film.  I say, ignore them.  This is a brilliant work or historical fiction, with excellent acting, a decent plot, engaging characters and incredible spectacle.  Those factors make up a completely enjoyable film which sucks you in and leaves you wanting more at the end.  Period.  It's beautiful to watch and has a good story to boot, and that is more than enough for me.
0062513346|4.0|A magical adventure based in the present, this story of acceptance of true love and of following your goals to ultimate happiness is an intricate and powerful read. The poetic and passionate style is intense reading but worth it. There's almost a crescendo of activity in the middle of the book that leaves you compelled to read on. I think viewing the text &quot;holistically&quot; helps, and thinking about the metaphors will let you extract more from the book. It's not my favourite Coelho book but still, I have to admit it is beautifully written and full of hysterical passion. I would recommend it to a friend.
0451191153|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  It is rare that I can read anything with 700+ pages in less than a month and in this case, it happened.  To the people who have said that this book is pure propoganda, sure it is, but what novel isn't?  In most cases that author tends to throw in his/her own philosophies and this is no exception.  It was beautiful to me to see the people in the stories attempting to break one another, but unable to.  And the last line is beautiful.  Pick it up.
B00004Y62T|4.0|I've always wanted to go to Italy. The rich cinematography of this movie has me packing my bags.<br />As for the film itself, I thought it was well-acted and well-written, and it is handled with a subtlety not typical of American film, which is typically in-your-face. The homoerotic angle was unexpected, but it didn't bother me, and it added an extra layer to the plot.<br />I enjoyed Damon's performance, but I think that Jude Law stole the show. Other killer performances were Cate Blanchett as the inconvenient woman who keeps popping up around Ripley, and Phillip Seymour-Hoffman as Freddy, the snotty friend of Dickie. I thought that Jack Davenport did a great job as Ripley's would-be boyfriend, and as the only person in the movie that treated Ripley like a person. Davenport is sexy, and I would like to see more of his movies.<br />When I first saw this movie, I didn't know it was based on a book....<br />I think the movie really showed how the rich treat the have-nots, and how they often become victims of their own snobbishness and shallowness. All of the characters had a distorted view of reality, and this movie is a study of what can happen when all of these different character flaws come to a head.
1573226521|2.0|The Beach is a solid thriller that starts well but soon becomes quite average. The debut for successful cult author Alex Garland, it follows Richard, a twenty-something lad that stumbles across, with his two friends close in tow, an idyllic, secret beach community. The paradise, however, ultimately brings about their downfall. The premise is intriguing; however, the book's thorough examination of social politics draws it out and ultimately, it is easily two hundred pages too long. Had the author kept it tight and controlled, The Beach would have been a cover to cover nailbiter... but that's not the result.<br />Richard, heavily influenced by media, society and western culture, stumbles across a dead body in his hotel room in Thailand. Attached to the body is a map, but to where? He meets and eventually befriends Etienne and Francois, a couple holidaying at a resort. They decide to follow the map to the mystery island marked by a black cross. Once there, they inadvertantly locate a hidden paradise full of people that have escaped the real world. It seems to good to be true, and for a while, it is. However, the social politics, as well as half the island being controlled by Thai drug dealers, brings Richard and his friends into a lot of danger.<br />The Beach contains a number of thrilling episodes, but they are all too few and far between. A lot of the sequences in the book simply be there just to extend the book and don't serve much purpose to the central theme of there always being an inescapable society pervaded by the media, electronics and ultimately, the world itself. After three hundred pages of what can be summed up in a few sentences (the first hundred pages are very good), the book's ending is sadly truncated and unsatisfying. Sure, the book is written well and Garland allows himself more than enough time to flex his literary muscle, but he seemed to forget that there's a conspicuous lack of anything compelling the reader to continue as soon as Richard andhis friends reach the beach paradise. It is there where the book turns sour. <br />The title is fitting: `The Beach'. That's pretty much all it's about, really. Three hundred pages of beach: \\"look at the beach\\", \\"isn't the beach marvellous\\", \\"oh what a corker of a beach\\" - and little more than that. It's like a plum: sweet and delicious at the beginning, sour when you reach the centre... and the ending is just thrown away.
006092988X|5.0|There have been many memoirs of sad and deprived childhoods on the market lately (most notably &quot;Angela's Ashes&quot; by Frank McCourt, which is very good), but this magnificent novel is far superior to any of them.  It is fiction, but it reads like a memoir and is told with an innocence that tugs at your heart.<br />We come to identify very closely with the characters and their deprivations, and rejoice when they do, and sorrow when they do.  It paints a picture of poverty in a city that had a booming economy that makes you feel guilty for having a comfortable home with plenty to eat.  And yet it does not intend to be a confronting novel - it is easy to read and is truly entertaining and heart warming.<br />It is one of the best books of its type, and I cannot recommend it highly enough.
0380973464|5.0|This is great fun for the technologist and/or cryptologist.  Both understand basic math.  It switches between World War II and today, yet all ties together by the end of the book.  It has anomalies, not the least of which is that a major character killed in World War II reappears very much alive some 50 years later with no explanation.  That aside, the stories are individually and collectively interesting and frequently also amusing.<br />Lots of little things are memorable, such as an unusual means of dividing up a bequest among a family of mathematicians.  The cryptography is necessarily simplified, and several historical characters are to be taken with a grain of salt.  That aside, it's a good book to curl up with when desiring a quiet evening.
0380730405|5.0|This is an interesting book in many ways, but what makes it really different to many others is that we never, ever find out the name of our heroine, who narrates the tale, and the Rebecca who gives her name to the title is dead before the story begins.  Thus is the scene set for a fabulously dark and brooding mystery.<br />The characters are wonderful.  We have our nameless heroine, her distant husband Max, whom she loves to distraction, and the malevolent housekeeper Mrs Danvers, who was devoted to Rebecca, the dead but original lady of the house.  And the house itself, beautiful Manderley, with fabulous gardens and deep dark mysteries.<br />It really is a delicious read, good for a stormy night, and despite the tortured relationships and scenarios throughout the story it has a surprising but very satisfying ending.  It is a classic, and deservedly so.
B000001GKC|5.0|A viable and VERY inexpensive alternative is the late Georg Tintner's version with the Royal Scottish National Orchestra on Naxos.  It may come as a revelation to some that Tintner has done the whole symphonic cycle of Bruckner with various orchestras on Naxos and the results are consistently insightful and clear-headed.  He gets results from the orchestras - New Zealand Symphony Orchestra, National Symphony Orchestra of Ireland, in addition to the Scots orchestra - that may not rival the quintessential exquisiteness of Karajan and the VPO but he is damn close.  Investigating his cycle is rewarding, satisfying, and dirt cheap.  This is a series not to be overlooked by the discriminating &quot;Collector&quot; and novice student of music alike.
0140143505|5.0|This novel is all letters- letters exchanged between someone who is interested in old classic books, and someone who sells them.  What could be more dreary and dry I hear you asking yourself.  Nothing could be further from the truth.  What the story really chronicles is a story of a shared passion that becomes a friendship, and in reality an unspoken mutual admiration and eventually love over a 20 year period.<br />It is simply delightful, and the use of the letters as a way of telling the story means that it is different and innovative way of telling the story.  Enjoy!
6305307261|5.0|Werner Herzog, in making this film did not intend to produce his idea of how the original silent film should have been, but to glorify the beauty of it. The film is constructed with very little dialogue, almost only that of the speech cards in the original silent. This, with the colour footage and the heavenly sound track make for the most beautiful and aesthetic movie I have ever seen. Every image is an oil painting, and every piece of acting is a pre-Raphaelite dream.<br />Isabelle Adjani is fantastic in her role, as is Klaus Kinski, reprising Schreik's original.<br />Don't be deluded by the technical review on this site, the picture quality is incredible when compared to the original video release, which was made by videoing the film projected onto a canvas screen (which needless to say was dirty). The soundtrack is incredibly clear in comparison also. This film was worth me getting a DVD for.<br />If you want to acquire one vampire film only, this is it!
B00004Z459|5.0|I bought this CD after having heard One Step Closer and I expected more of a metal band then a rap/metal band.  After having listened to the album, I must say that it is probably the best CD that I own.  It's so refreshing to hear a band that actually does this rap/metal hybrid thing right, and not have to cuss every other word to do so.  They also don't mention their band name in any of their songs unlike other artists I could mention, Limp Bizkit and Kid Rock, but won't.  Every song on this CD is a winner.  They use two singers to absolute perfection (one rapper and one singer/screamer).  The only two tracks I would not consider outstanding would be Crawling and A Cure for the Itch.  Every other song on this CD is better than the best song on most CDs.  About the only negative thing I can think of about Hybrid Theory is how short is is.  It times in at just under 38 minutes.  Please don't think that this is just another Limp Bizkit wannabee rap/metal band.  These guys have real talent.  I can't wait to hear future albums to come.  Buy it, I guarantee you won't regret it.
B000000OTY|4.0|If I force myself into objectivity, there's quite a bit I can say against this album.  Although obviously a live album, it sound studio tweaked into shape (much more so than PLAYS LIVE).  &quot;Sledgehammer&quot; suffers from pre-programmed horn ( and probably flute) tracks.  Paula Cole's backing vocals at times compete with Peter's rather than complement them.  I especially found her part on &quot;Don't Give Up&quot; to be too...well, too darn strong - Kate Bush's delicate wavering voice on the original matched the material much better.  The only track repeated here from PLAYS LIVE (&quot;Solsbury Hill&quot;) doesn't sound as good.  And I didn't really need a full eleven minutes of &quot;In Your Eyes&quot;, a song I never cared too much for.  And yet...and yet...and yet I actually enjoy the thing when I put it on.  I wish I had seen the show - it still sounds very enjoyable.  I wouldn't recommend this to PG neophytes (check out SO or PETER GABRIEL III instead) but this one won't disappoint most PG fans.
B000003TA4|4.0|Don't get me wrong, Nevermind is a good album but it NOT one of the greatest ever - there are many superior records (from artists such as Led Zeppelin, Pink Floyd, The Beatles and even Radiohead etc.). But this is only my opinion (as if it ever mattered before) and having said all that, 'Smells like teen spirit' deserves recognition as one of the best songs of the 90's if not one of the best of all time, and some of the other tracks such as 'In Bloom' and 'Lithium' certainly add to a good album. The rest of it is decent enough, but I just don't think it is the awe-inspiring entity that it is given credit for.
B000050XEI|4.0|Amazing, I love her work !! Wonderful music for meditation, divinations, yoga, etc..... or just daily life!! Thumbs up to Enya!!
0312243022|5.0|This is one of the most well written novels I've read to date.  The Hours examines the pathos of three women through a stream of conscious narrative rendering of their lives and the various relationships within it.  Although separated by time and space, the characters are connected via common uncertainties about life, relationships and their role in them.  This novel literally transcends time and space, merging circumstances (both fictional and biographical) introduced in 1941 London, with fictional characters set in 1949 Los Angles, with relevant current day social situations set in New York City.  This is no small task for Cunningham but he does a superb job of keeping the novel on track and not losing the reader in an overly complex and interwoven plot (everything comes together perfectly in end).  The novel motivated me to do a little reading on Virginia Woolf as I am not very familiar with her life/work.  Although not necessary for the enjoyment of this novel, the research on Woolf did provide this reader with a broader understanding of the context within which Cunningham operated, and a greater appreciation for his writing abilities.  Definitely award winning material.
6303257844|1.0|Speed? C'mon people, this movie stunk to high heaven. Good story, admitted, but the final product left me shaking my head. Keanu Reeve's acting was so bad, I wanted to stick my hand inside the screen and slap the little SOB. If there was an Academy Award for 'Ham', then I'd understand, but I don't think there is. Little boy trying to play a grown-up role is what it boils down to. Maybe he should have goton a few more chest hairs before he decided to do this.<br />Next, there are 'serious' action movies and then there are the campy. Both are enjoyable, but they should never cross the lines with each other. Speed came off as trying to be serious, but fell flat a number of times. I would eat my own boogers on national TV for two hours if ANYONE could get a bus to make that jump.
B000001FA4|5.0|Its important to understand the context in which this album was written, especially because some critics regard this album as &quot;aimless.&quot; This album broke important new ground not just for U2, but was a big influence on a whole generation of sound that was to follow by many other bands. Thom Yorke, of RadioHead, for example, cites this album as one of his favorites of all time.<br />I've been a U2 fan from the very beginning, I owned &quot;Boy&quot; (their first album) about 1 month after it was first released in 1980, and I've been a big fan every since. The first three albums, &quot;Boy&quot;, &quot;October&quot; and &quot;War&quot; show a brilliant band starting to &quot;gel&quot; and hit their stride. By the time &quot;War&quot; was released, with the big hit &quot;New Years Day&quot;, U2 had opened up to a much wider audience while still remaining true to their music. War solidified a creative process they had started with &quot;Boy.'<br />After &quot;War&quot;, U2 could have, perhaps, produced several more excellent albums that were very similar to War. But to their credit, U2  have a restless creative spirit which saw them cast about for new directions.<br />The first three albums were produced by Steve Lilywhite, an excellent producer, who among other things, was famous for a sound that made the drums sound as big as houses. U2 decided to hook up with Brian Eno for their next album. Eno had achieved reverential status in art circles for his atmospheric &quot;ambient&quot; music. Eno was one of the early innovators in using the recording studio as an instrument in its own right. His influence is strong on &quot;Unforgettable Fire.&quot;<br />This can be heard right from the very first cut on the album &quot;A Sort of Homecoming&quot;. It has a beautiful, spacious quality with a muted drum sound that is none the less driving and energetic. It launches you into a beautiful dream world that much of the rest of the album continues. The second song &quot;Pride (in the name of Love)&quot; was the first big hit for the album - their tribute to Martin Luther King. Its a great song, but there are several works on the album that even better. Also &quot;Pride&quot; sounds more like the &quot;War&quot; album than it does like the rest of &quot;Unforgettable Fire.&quot;<br />The third song, &quot;Wire&quot; is just absolutely incredible. It manages to be both fierce, and yet also, dreamy. It has great, searing guitar work, and great, driving drums. And yet it also sounds like it came from another planet! I think this is in part due to Eno's influence, who encouraged the band to just let it flow, to let the great unconscious come pouring forth.<br />However, as good as these songs are, they aren't my favorites on the album. The title track &quot;Unforgettable Fire&quot; and &quot;Bad&quot; are my favorites. They are just utterly amazing. &quot;Unforgettable Fire&quot; has both a rich, complex, sonic landscape, a dreamy ambience, and a killer beat that just pulls you in and takes you away. By contrast, &quot;Bad&quot; is quite simple in structure, and yet it spirals upwards until you feel like you've left earth behind! Just incredible.<br />And yes, to comment on some other critics, there are some cuts on this album which don't seem so wonderful, such as &quot;Elvis Presley and America&quot;. However, I'm more than willing to accept them as part of the stream of consciousness that seems to be in play for creating the heavenly works that also inhabit this album.<br />&quot;Unforgettable Fire&quot; is for poets, artists, and dreamers of all sorts. Utterly amazing!
B000002KHF|5.0|I bought this album when it first came out on vinyl. For a long time I only listened to classical music, but in about 1993 I started making cassettes of the best of my old albums, including this one. &quot;Into the Mystic&quot; was always a favorite song, but when I heard it this time on a decent sound system and realized that the &quot;foghorns&quot; were cellos--wow! Since then I've been a Van Morrison addict. &quot;Moondance&quot; has more good songs on it than most groups' &quot;greatest hits&quot; compilations, and better yet, can lead you to &quot;Veedon Fleece&quot; or &quot;Wavelength&quot; where, if you're patient, you'll find many treasures. This music lasts; I don't know why.
B00000FZ1V|5.0|As far as the movie &quot;Ghostbusters&quot; goes, you should have seen it.  If you haven't you either weren't alive in the mid 80s, you were nowhere near civilization in the mid 80s, or you just don't get out much.  It is a classic comedy that helped define the 80s.<br />This DVD is loaded with amazing features.  It has the trailer, plus as a bonus has trailers to three other Bill Murray films: &quot;Groundhogs Day&quot;, &quot;Ghostbusters 2&quot;, and &quot;Stripes&quot;.  It includes two featurettes, one from 1984, when the movie was released, and one from 1999, for the 15th anniversary.  You can watch the film with three different formats.  You can watch it by itself, with a mystery science theater 3000 atmosphere, or with scripts that point out interesting facts as the movie plays.<br />It is a well designed DVD that is essential for any DVD collection.
6300214753|5.0|This goes to whoever gave a review that gave the film less than four stars. First of all, someone who can't spell the name of the movie (or the word &quot;pleasant&quot;, for that matter), has no business calling the movie childish. Second, the movie certainly did not &quot;blow kittens&quot;, whatever the hell that means. The film is pure gold, and it is cosistently entertaining right to the end. How anyone could find this movie annoying is beyond me. The cast was certainly not disappointing, and they played their parts very well.&quot;Ferris Bueller's Day Off&quot; is a film for anyone who had to endure high school, or anyone who currently is going through the frustrating ordeal.
B00004STPT|5.0|The Gladiator Soundtrack is one soundtrack that I believe is highly misunderstood and has the work of real artists in it. <br />The work is very evident in The Battle, also in Sorrow, The Might of Rome, and Now We are Free. <br />The Battle has some very moving snaps in it. For example, 4:12 [the time sequence elapsed] always struck me flat in the face and made me cheer with joy. The end of the track has slowed to an almost sorrowful pace, as war is. <br />Sorrow is the sort of song that makes you feel very quiet and bitter- a musical triumph.<br />The Might oF Rome- how imposing, how deadly. It begins very quietly, and as the drums come in, you sort of fall into the music as it quietly accerates until you are slammed in the face by it's incredible glory. I always see a battle being drawn. The song leaves a sort of bitter harshness in my mouth- you know it's coming, and the waiting is killing you. Lisa Gerrad's vocals made my blood run cold, and I got shivers. That market-placy flash suggests false gaity- the triumphant ending suggesting there was quiet victory. <br />Now we are Free- Lisa Gerrad's vocals are not to be missed. This is the highlight of the CD- very thrilling. It's almost victorious- almost. Sort of &quot;the end of the begining and the begining of the end&quot; type of music. It is gone as only a classical composer can muster. Very stunning. <br />Combined with songs that give you the bitter flavor of sorrow, the bittersweet taste of victory, definance, and scorn, you get your money's worth.
031219126X|4.0|Although the beginning of the novel becomes tiresome, the underlying story is fantastic. It is hard to imagine that an eighteen year old girl could come up with such a grusome horror novel. Frankenstein, in addition to being a superb horror story, shows the true nature of society as a whole. Because of the monster's physical deformities, he was automatically rejected by people. Nobody even stopped to see what he truly was on the inside. This novel comes with my high praise as well as that of many other literary critics.
6304808038|5.0|The 1972 release, SLEUTH, is one of those movies that one watches, and then exclaims, \\"Wow!\\"<br />Michael Caine plays Milo Tindle, a lowborn, cheeky hairdresser called down from London to visit Andrew Wyke on his rambling country estate. Andrew, played by Sir Laurence Olivier, is a class conscious, game-addicted, petty snob who writes award-winning detective stories. Milo also happens to be having an affair with Andrew's wife, Marguerite. On the other hand, Andrew is currently dallying with a local masseuse, T&eacute;a. Both men have cash flow problems. Milo hasn't enough to keep Marguerite in the lifestyle to which she's become accustomed, and Andrew has been beggared by ruinous British taxes. So, Andrew, being a self-proclaimed expert on crime whose literary detective creation, Lord Merrydew, always manages to make the official constabulary look like fools, invites Milo to join him in a mutually lucrative scam. The Plan: a suitably costumed Milo will \\"burgle\\" jewelry from Andrew's safe, fence it for an enormous sum, and be free to marry Marguerite, while Andrew happily collects the insurance money and enjoys his Siren of the moment. Andrew is not completely happy about his wife's adultery, but, after all, true gentleman can come to some convenient arrangement. Quite right!<br />Thus begins an intricate series of role-within-role-playing games played magnificently by these two phenomenal English actors. From the viewers' perspective, the challenge is to determine when the make-believe ends and real life reasserts itself. Thus, not only is SLEUTH an absorbing mystery story, but the roles within roles also create a resounding paean to the profession of acting. After SLEUTH, I don't think it was quite so cleverly done until 1997's FACE-OFF.<br />Both Caine and Olivier were nominated for Best Actor Oscars for their performances in this film. Sadly, neither won. In despite of that appalling injustice, this is one of those films that I can watch over and over again, and never fail to be delighted.fail to be delighted.
B00003CXBK|5.0|The first time i watched this movie, i was slightly impressed, but was busy doing other things at the time. But finally, when i purchased this movie, i realized how awesome it was! The characters are believable, and even some of the &quot;bad-guys&quot; are likable. The plot is absolutely awesome, though any anime fan will tell you - &quot;It's a good anime if you understand the whole thing after the fourth time watching.&quot; I give two thumbs up.
0312243022|5.0|In my book, Michael Cunningham can do no wrong.  &quot;The Hours&quot; is his most complex work, weaving the stories of different women in different times until their stories combine to create a perfect tapestry.  Virginia Woolf fans will appreciate Cunningham's tribute to the great, troubled author, and those who have not read Woolf may be inspired by this book to explore her sumptuous works.  Do yourself a favor and get to know Michael Cunningham's glorious world of superior fiction.
068484267X|1.0|... It is a chronicle of a tragic childhood with a good dose of the macabre - the scene with the dead baby made me shiver. Though, having known a number of people from Ireland, I am aware that the Celts do tend to have a rather morbid side to their religious beliefs, most are not in the situation where ... their parents were anything like this pair. Don't read this one for humour - it is appealing only for those who are relieved to find that they could have done worse than they did with their own dysfunctional families.
B000001DQI|5.0|The time seemed right for Elton John to do a time honored tradition, release a double album.  Goodbye Yellowbrick Road is a sprawling album full of melodic hits and potential hits.  The album opens with an eleven minute masterpiece &quot;Funeral For A Friend/Love Lies Bleeding&quot;.  The first half of the song is a swirling instrumental and then merges into a ripping rocker.  &quot;Candle In The Wind&quot; made it's first appearance here and it's nostalgic lyrics hit the mark.  &quot;Grey Seal&quot; is a remake of a song from the time of the second album and &quot;Jamaica Jerk-Off&quot; is a funny song set to a Caribbean beat.  &quot;All The Girls Love Alice&quot; is a pulsating rocker and &quot;Harmony&quot; is a honey dipped ballad.  &quot;Bennie &amp; The Jets&quot; has the memorable piano riff and the crowd noise gives it the feel of a live record.  The title track is song of lost love and fame and has the feeling of a Broadway show stopper.  &quot;Saturday Night Is Alright For Fighting&quot; is as a hard a rocker as Mr. John has ever recorded and it will get your juices flowing.  The album cemented Elton John as the biggest act in music of the time and spent eight long weeks lodged at the top of the charts.
6305807086|5.0|Rare is the the time when I will go out of my way to agree with a movie critic. With &quot;Being John Malkovich&quot; this was one of those times. What makes it eye-catching and attention-grabbing is the bizarre and intriguing premise. It makes you think, &quot;Will the director be able to pull it off?&quot; It is such an audacious idea, expertly executed, it grabs your attention right from the start, grabs you by the scruff of the neck and doesn't let go. You finish watching the film feeling drained. They put YOU in John Malkovich's mind...and the experience is breathtaking.<br />To me, what makes this film so fantastic, memorable and above all, unique, is its refreshing originality. A film that is remarkably original, and, I believe also very hard to categorize. I wouldn't call this a &quot;comedy.&quot; It is so much more than that. It works on so many levels. It is a metaphysical voyage through the mind. <br />John Cusack, Catherine Keener, and last but not least, John Malkovich- give their all in this film...and it just goes to prove that there still are original films out there. Thank goodness.
B000002A3T|4.0|If anybody out there had bothered to listen to the last Pink Floyd album featuring - nay, starring - Roger Waters, they would've realized what a relief it is that the band let him go.  What an obsessed, angst-ridden old druggie he was!  Granted, we wouldn't have had The Wall without him, but, honestly, most of us listen to Pink Floyd for its mellifluous sound, not for its often hypertrophied messages.  Besides, music comes so much easier to someone on heroin than words, doesn't it?  I mean, words that anyone not on heroin might understand?  The Division Bell is an exquisite aural tapestry that only the remaining three, led by the irreplaceable Gilmour, could have woven.  I for one cannot lament the absence of the old soothsayer Roger - any more than I ever missed poor Sid.  Besides, this album just happened to coincide with one of the most glorious periods of my life.  Quite a coincidence, really.
B000002MUW|5.0|All I have to say is that I am listening to this album right now, and all I can think of is how amazing it is!  This entire album is so incredible!  This has to be Madonna's most underated album to date.  Some people completely forget Madonna recorded an album between Erotica and Ray Of Light!  I don't know how this album didn't turn out to be one of her biggest sellers.  6 Million sold world-wide is a great amount of albums to sell, but &quot;Music&quot; is at 9 million world-wide already!  I love this album!
B00000DG1R|4.0|I have to say Duran Duran is among one of the most important bands in the 80s and have contributed lots of great songs. This compilation is a very good compilation with their best songs throughout time. You might remember hits such as The Reflex, Hungry Like a Wolf, Rio, or New Moon On Monday. <br />I think Duran Duran's music is quite good. Lyrically speaking, I am not very sure about how to describe Duran Duran though. Maybe I don't understand the lyrics. <br />The album has a few interesting pics of the band (Not exactly clearly shown) and has the info on the year of the song which I think is quite a good concept. Recommended for both Duranies and non-fans.
B000000OUJ|5.0|i used to think that cuban linx was the best cd but the thing that swayed me is the fact that cuban linx was rae's cd but it seemed that ghost took over his album. ghost absolute outshined rae on his rae own cd. how can you sound like a backup rapper on your own album? LIQUID SWORDS IS THE BEST CD THAT WUTANG HAS EVER MADE! long live the king. the gza wouldn't have been outshined if he had ghostface and rza featured beside him, he is that good. his lyrics on this cd are unmatched and the beats by the RZA are primo. this cd is what hip-hop in the MC chamber is all about; beats and lyrics. &quot;picture blood baths in elevator shaft as these murderous ryhmes tight from genuine craft&quot;, &quot;i slayed mc's back in the reck room era, styles broke mutha%#%&amp;'s backs like hempithera&quot; &quot;but then i realized the plan i'm trapped in a deadly video game with just one man&quot;, &quot;it was the night before new years and all the F&amp;%$in projects not a handgun was silent, not even a tech, outside was stocked with enemys who plant fear and blasted up the spot before the pigs where there&quot; let the lyrics speak for themselves. all the guests artist came with enough poisonous darts to take down a whale. you don't have to be a wu-fan to like this you just have to love real hip-hop.
B000002BUY|5.0|Incubus' blistering, funky breakthrough album was a wake-up call to me.  I was crashing from the new-metal high I was on, watching Korn get shoved aside for lightweights with less talent (Limp Wrizted, Papa Roach, P.O.D., etc).<br />And my buddy told me to get some Incubus.  SCIENCE shocked me into consciousness with it's incredible diversity of sound and breadth of talent.  &quot;Redefine&quot; is a powerful thrasher to start the record off, and &quot;Vitamin&quot; and &quot;New Skin&quot; keep the tempo and the energy at a hyped-up pace.  &quot;Idiot Box&quot; is a wonderful commentary on the vapid nature of TV as well as a killer song.  Each aspect of the song is lovingly crafted and kicks hard.<br />&quot;Glass&quot; may be my favorite track, a riotous explosion of emotion and punctuated with this awesome, weird dippity-doo guitar riff.  It just hooks you in.  &quot;Magic Medicine&quot; is a total change of pace, throwing some great jungly breakbeats into a, er, substance-inspired sample-filled instrumental.  &quot;A Certain Shade of Green&quot; also rips, stabbing bright light into the eyes of us procrastinators with the immortal line &quot;Remember when you procrastinate you choose LAST.&quot;<br />There's not a bad song on here, thanks to the innovative guitar work and beautifully rendered vocals.  Brandon Boyd is a lot more talented than most reviewers have given him credit for.  Incubus is currently one of my favorite bands, simply because they fit comfortable into no existing genres, and are still getting radio play.  Down with stale metal!  Up with innovation!
B000005S2I|4.0|i remember when i bought this cd that i really was disappointed with it becuase it didn't live to cuban linx and ironman with the beats. i look back at the cd now and i think that it was a classic because all 9 members(with exception of odb) where at there lyrical best. the wutang accomplished what they set out to do which was to make you &quot;listen to the lyrics and feel the beats&quot; like ghostface said in the May issue of the Source. people complained that this cd didn't have the beats but it wasn't supposed to. it was all about the lyrics on this one and they did a good job showing that they had vastly improved and matured lyrically. Rza got a chance to expirament on this album and sometimes he came up with some beats that were not wack but they did not live up to cuban linx or ironman which is why a lot people, especially wu-fans, condemned this cd. don't get me wrong though, because this cd definately had some scandalous bangers that were oozing that old classic venom. the bangers: 2,3,4,5,9,10,disc one;2,3,4,6,7,8,9,11,12,13,14( 11,14 grew on me)disc two. if you like lyrics then you need to get this cd and if you are a wu-fan who dissed this cd then you need mature by getting of this &quot;cuban linx or nothing&quot; attitude because this cd is not perfect but its definately dope.
B00004Z459|4.0|If you're pondering whether to get this or Chocolate Starfish, I suggest you check this out before you purchase that one. This is a better album, in my opinion, and they don't use the &quot;F&quot; word nearly as many times as Fred Durst does (I don't think any band uses the F word as many times). Actually, I don't think I heard that word a single time on the whole disc. As far as the music goes, there's a great balance between metal and hip-hop. That's probably because Linkin Park has one thing Limp doesn't: two singers. They didn't let it get too much rap or too much metal, unlike Limp Bizkit, where it's one way or the other. They've got an excellent DJ who shows his stuff off on the lone, but awesome, instrumental Cure For The Itch. One Step Closer is a great song, as is the opener Papercut. Other good ones are By Myself, Crawling, A Place For My Head, and With You. The one song I didn't like is the current single, Points of Authority. I don't think the lyrics were their best ones. This is one CD you'll definately have to check out. I can't wait for more.
0385484518|2.0|I read all these great reviews on this site and bought the book. I expected it to be some kind of life changing/revealing experience. I did not find it to be so. I empathise with morrie, his suffering and everything but my gripe is against the author and his dull writing style. The kind of revelations the author is supposed to have got by talking to morrie are so fundamental that you dont need to have to talk to a dying person to know about them. Even simple philosophies of life can be written well. I was not terribly moved by reading about it too. At some points in the book, I even wondered if Morrie was indulging in too much self-pity. Agreed its a terrible disease to live with but the author/book just could not evoke the kind emotions in me.
B00000099Y|5.0|If you can call Metallica &quot;heavy metal&quot;, then you might as well say that Eminem is a nice guy. Tool's more heavy than Metallica ever was or will be. Some of the songs on this disc are about as heavy as heavy metal gets. It's dark, disturbing, and is guaranteed to make you shiver. If you don't, it's obvious that you're a robot. Songs like Stinkfist, Eulogy, the title track, and 46&amp;2 are some of Tool's best yet. While songs like Third Eye and Pushit are a definate test of your patience, they're also really good. If you can make it through the end of Third Eye, then you're a true Tool fan. Eulogy and Useful Idiot are pretty self-explanatory. There's also an Intermission track (if you've seen Monty Python &amp; The Holy Grail, there's an intermission scene and they play cheesy music that's kind of like this), that's how long the CD is. It's the longest CD in my collection, clocking in at 77 minutes . 46&amp;2 was one of the songs that got me interested in Tool in the first place. Undertow was obviously aimed at a more mainstream audience, but Aenima was obviously aimed at a more hardcore audience (there's no censored version). If you liked Perfect Circle's Mer De Noms, and think that Tool is anything like them, are you dead wrong. If you like heavy metal, this is an album you must check out. Can't wait for Tool's next album.
6302787068|5.0|This movie is great 90's hype. Comical and quite quirky. My advice avoid &quot;Return of  Jafar&quot; and &quot;Aladdin and the King of Thieves&quot;. This movie was great. They just killed it with a TV series and Pointless sequels! Please Make a DVD of this movie my brothers destroyed the original packaging of this VHS edition!
0440539811|5.0|Here's the best thing about this book: it is almost entirely factually based, including many real and valid conspiracy theories within the context of the hilarious storyline.  Basically, it's a great starter on the world of conspiracies, but you won't get tagged by the FBI/CIA/Trilaterals/Federal Reserve/Illuminati/Masons for having truly purchased a subversive book, like the Unseen Hand or Holy Blood, Holy Grail or something ('cause we all know they keep track of your purchases...)
6305807086|4.0|Being John Malkovich is an inventive comic fantasy about a struggling puppeteer who finds, on the 7  floor of his office building a doorway into the mind of John Malkovich.  Very well thought out and enjoyable, with a great cast including John Cusack, Cameron Diaz and John Malkovich.<br /><br />This offbeat comedy is full of offbeat special features including the \\"7  Floor Orientation\\" and \\"An Intimate Portrait of the Art of Puppeteering.\\"  A commentary would have been nice and might have bumped my score a little.<br /><br />Overall, if you're looking for a smart, inventive comedy, then definitely watch this movie.  But since it is offbeat I would suggest renting before buying.
6304698798|5.0|What an unbelievable classic western epic!  Second only to Once Upon a Time in the West (I know, debatable).<br />I bought the VHS version 10 years ago and now I have the DVD widescreen treatment.  So, was it worth buying again?  Darn straight!  I thought the picture was slightly better than the score given here.  Far away shots looked unusually faded, others too grainy.  But the closeups were very sharp.  For an old movie made in the 60s the picture is quite good.<br />On the other hand, the sound was disappointing.  I guess for mono it's fairly robust.  Just don't expect the quality of today's releases and you'll be okay.<br />One of my favorite features of the DVD is the missing scenes.  They are in italian (although subtitles are included in several languages including english).  It's amazing to see missing scenes from a movie I've watched for 20+ years.  I'd have left them all in!<br />The trailer is interesting in that it has a goof (Wallach and Van Cleefe are switched).<br />I can't wait to watch this again...and again...  Now...if they would only release Once Upon a Time in the West on DVD!!
B000002ULO|4.0|Don't be fooled by the 4-star rating.  This album is full of some of McCartney's best songs.  If Paul could have weeded out the two or three clunkers on Flaming Pie, this might just be a perfect collection.  &quot;The Song We Were Singing&quot; is beautiful and enjoyable, although it does grow tiring upon repeated listenings.  &quot;The World Tonight&quot; and &quot;If You Wanna&quot; are ones to hear over and over.  &quot;Somedays&quot; is my personal favorite song on this collection.  It is beautiful and touching yet also haunting in a way.  The second half of the CD is not as strong, but songs such as &quot;Beautiful Night&quot; and &quot;Young Boy&quot;, as well as a couple of others, are top-notch.  Overall, this is a great buy.
0060987464|2.0|Worth a browse in some mall bookstore, readable for about as long as it is comfortable to stand with a book in one's hand.  I will admit to one real laugh that almost made the cappucino foam burst my eustachian tubes.  The pics are pretty artsy.  But the horrible stories of boring experiments of depravity on handicapped groupies was really too much.  Not  even so much as a tinge of regret evident, either.  I wonder when or if he is ever going to wake up to the  existential nausea of his own existence, instead of merely reacting to the banality of post-modernism.  And how about more details of his granddad's basement hobbies, eh?  Anyway, might be worth buying a copy just to have to take to Vegas sometime when Manson is in his 50's and playing some off-strip lounge act, you can get him to sign it.
B000002KB8|5.0|&quot;Black Sabbath&quot; is a fantastic album from their early days in England. The rythms on this album are like none other, if you like Black Sabbath, this is a great buy! I could listen to tracks 3-6 and especially &quot;N.I.B.&quot; for hours. Every bit as good a paranoid. :-)
B00004T9VY|5.0|I had previously reviewed this CD, but I'll have another shot at it, as I now feel that my previous review does not do this terrific album justice. So here is my new review for Cat Stevens' \\"Tea For The Tillerman\\":<br />Cat Stevens' \\"Tea For The Tillerman\\" is truly a classic album, and they don't come any classier than this. Stevens was a talented musician, and was not afraid to make music that came from the heart - a quality many musicians nowadays lack (see Limp Bizkit). Stevens had the ability to write memorable tunes and pen intelligent, thought-provoking lyrics, which made him the top of his game in the early 70's, and has gained him successions of new fans year after year, even if he isn't Cat Stevens anymore (I believe he is now known as Yusuf Islam).  \\"Tea For The Tillerman\\" is in my opinion, Stevens' finest album, and one of the most perfect albums ever recorded. Although most people are only familiar with the albums' hit singles (\\"Wild World\\", \\"Father And Son\\" and \\"Where Do The Children Play\\") - each one a classic in its own right, the other eight songs on the album are equally as great. The songs are not overly produced, and comprise largely of acoustic guitar, bass, keyboards and drums, with the odd string arrangement here and there (arranged by Del Newman). The album kicks off with \\"Where Do The Children Play?\\" and although it may strike the average listener as a nice, simple tune, the lyrics present a social commentary that is as relevant today as it was almost thirty years ago (in a world dominated by materialism, technology and want, is there any room for children to play and carry on with their simple untinctured lives?). \\"Hard Headed Women\\" is another simple tune, floating mainly on acoustic guitar and strings, but the lyrics about needing a serious woman rather than superficial \\"fancy dancers\\" are lyrics that quite alot of men (including myself) can relate to. \\"Wild World\\", the song that \\"broke\\" Cat Stevens in America remains a timeless pop tune.\\"Sad Lisa\\", with its plaintive piano and string arrangement is one of Stevens' overlooked masterpieces. Stevens' singing of wanting to comfort a girl when she is sad is touching, and the violin solo never ceases to send shivers up my spine. \\"Miles from Nowhere\\" is a terrific rocker, and from the lyrics, we can sense that Stevens is one a spiritual quest of some sort (and we all know where this quest would lead him, don't we?). \\"But I Might Die Tonight\\" is another great rock song, and one of my favourite Cat Stevens' songs. The song is quite short but almost everyone can relate to its lyrics about the monotony of everyday life. \\"Longer Boats\\" is quite a weird one, with some really strange lyrics (I suspect the song is about UFOs - but this is just a personal observation), but its a good song nonetheless. \\"Into White\\" has a more traditional folk sound. Its psychedelic lyrical content reminds me alot of the Beatles' \\"Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds\\". In the  5 minute-long \\"On The Road To Find Out\\", Stevens tells us more about his spiritual voyage. The tune may not be as catchy as \\"Miles from Nowhere\\", but it is by no means a bad song. The classic \\"Father And Son\\", a moving commentary on the generation gap of Stevens' generation is still relevant today, as not all parents and children get on well with each other. \\"Tea For The Tillerman\\" sees a return to the themes explored in \\"Where Do The Children Play\\" and Stevens reminds us that \\"while the sinners sin the children play\\" - that innocence will forever exist in a monotonous material world.     <br />Well, there you have it. Keeping in mind the thought-provoking lyrics and the catchy tunes, it is no wonder that \\"Tea For The Tillerman\\" has become a staple in folk and rock record collections since the day it was released. Stevens was a true master and this album is a testament to his genius.
B000002GGU|5.0|I agree with several other reviewers that Bryan Adams' 'Reckless' is easily one of the better releases in the 80's and marked Bryan as one of the premiere radio-friendly singers around.  Everyone where I work agrees that this is truly a stand-out release (I work in radio) and this CD really has a boat-load of great tunes.  You name it, no matter how long you listen, these songs still remain fresh (not an easy task to achieve these days--or at any time actually).  Bryan has weathered the criticism well and forged ahead with continuous hits and although 'Into The Fire' was hastily assembled to cash in on the fame garnered through this album, he has pretty much kept up with his own ethic of keeping himself true to his fans and his music.  If you truly want Bryan's best CD, grab 'Waking Up The Neighbors' now THAT is more like a 'best of' CD rather than a typical release.  Bryan is also very good in concert, too.  All in all, take a ride down memory lane and enjoy Bryan Adams in his hey-day and see why he shot to the top of the music-world in the first place.  Great stuff.  Highly Recommended.
B000002WE9|4.0|When I bought this CD I had only minimal expectatations.  By the mid 70's when this concert was recorded, Elvis was on the decline physically.  His Aloha concerts were marred by the obvious use of drugs just prior to going onstage, as his vocal expression was dull, weak and without focus. THIS concert however was FANTASTIC!  Not to sound too clinical, but he obviously had NOT used downers before THIS show.  As was said by another reviewer, Elvis' voce was sharp, in focus and STRONG...Never missing a beat and unlike the Aloha concert, he sounds like he was THOUROUGHLY enjoying every moment onstage...Just LISTEN to his rendition of, &quot;Trying to Get to You&quot;...it's sad that the quality of this concert wasn't as common as it should've been during the mid 70's, and that Aloha was captured for posterity on video tape instead of THIS show...a shame...We can only wonder how much more animated he was here...but at least we'll always have the voice.
6305282943|4.0|&quot;Oklahoma!&quot; was a classic AMerican musical, groundbreaking in its seamless integration of story, score, and dance, and a highly entertaining show in its own right with a thin but delightful story and classic score, the first of many classic scores to come from Rodgers and Hammerstein.  THankfully, most of that vitality, freshness, and joy, not to mention the story and score, translate accurately and brilliantly, and very entertainingly, into the splashy 1955 film version, which is perfectly cast, sung and orchestrated, and competently directed by Fred Zinneman, (of &quot;High Noon&quot; and &quot;From Here To Eternity&quot; fame) whose only movie musical this was.  <br />The gorgeous shots of the Midwestern landscape can probably best be appreciated in the widescreen Todd-AO version.  (The film was famously filmed twice, in the new process and in standard Cinemescope to accomadate theatres who did not have the new technology installed)  Gordon McRae is a marvelous Curley, full of energy, sarcasm, and romantacism, and he sings those songs to perfection.  He and the original Curley, Alfred Drake, are the best I've heard.  The radiant Shirley Jones is perfect in her film debut as Laurey.  The supporting cast is all first-rate; other reviewers have mentioned Gloria Grahame's Ado Annie, which is indeed a hilarious and unforgettable performance, but there is also Gene Nelson's wonderful Will Parker, Charlotte Greenwood's loveable and delightful Aunt Eller, and Rod Steiger's adaquately menacing Jud Fry.  (That last character loses some dimension through the deletion of his solo &quot;Lonely Room,&quot; but Steiger probably wouldn't have sung it all that well, and the rest of the film is so perfect, that this is really a minor quibble)  It should be noted that, even though this cast contains quite a few actors not noted for their singing pipes, no one is dubbed, and everybody sings very well.  (Though again, Steiger might not have been up to the demands of &quot;Lonely Room,&quot; though he does a fine job on &quot;Poer Jud Is Daid&quot;) It could be argued that these classic songs have never been better-sung then they are here, and the augmented original Robert Russell Bennett orchestrations are great.  Agnes de Mille recreates her original choreogrpahy to great effect; &quot;Kansas City&quot; still is amazing in how casually it comes out of the situation, &quot;The Farmer and the Cowman&quot; and &quot;Many a New Day&quot; are delightful, and  the famous &quot;Laurey Makes Up Her Mind&quot; dream ballet is still stunning.  Not the best R&amp;H musical, (&quot;Carousel&quot; and &quot;The King and I&quot; outclass it in story and score, and &quot;The King and I&quot; is probably a better film) but certainly one of the best film versions of one of their musicals with the makings of a highly entertaining evening for the whole family.  A fine tribute to a classic of musical theatre.
0385486804|5.0|Those who used the word 'haunting' to describe this book, exactly describe my own impression of it.  Granted, Chris was naive, quite inconsiderate, perhaps in need of traditional 'therapy', etc etc, but these failings are all the time-honored prerogatives of youth, after all, and to his credit,  he certainly pursued the limits of what it means to be  human in ways very few of us do throughout our whole lives.  In that respect, he finds an  honored place in the history of philosophers and seekers.  That he died in the process of his quest, was just an accident, and not really his fault at all.  I, for one, also enjoyed Jon Krakauer's own stories and interjections.  He has crafted a truly gripping tale.  I think Chris' last words  deserve immortality: &quot;I have had a good life, and thank the Lord.  May God bless you all.&quot;  God bless you, too, Chris!
0385484518|5.0|Tuesdays With Morrie is one of the best books I have ever read.  I felt like I was one of Morrie's students.  He is a very brave man with a lot of wisdom.  If you have ever questioned death, or if you have ever been scared of dieing, you need to read this book.  After reading the book, I had to sit there and breath for a moment.  I then said, &quot;Wow&quot; with tears rolling down my face.
B000008H24|4.0|Let me guess: most of the reviewers here are about 40 years old. They knew Jethro Tull in 1974 and after &quot;Thick as a Brick&quot; and &quot;Passion play&quot; expected for something more progressive, more complicated. Instead, Ian Anderson made &quot;War child&quot; and &quot;Too old..&quot;. A  simple melodic music that - good heavens - got to  &quot;Top of the pop&quot;!! Many of the prog. fans could'nt stand it, and could not forgive Anderson, who was one of the important underground music artists.  Till now they mark those 2 albums as Tull worst. But &quot;War child&quot; is a good album, more folk music although less than &quot;Songs from the wood&quot;.  Only &quot;Songs from the wood&quot; was a clear statement for those fans, that Tull musical line was changed. Far from Tull's best but far from the worst either, &quot;War child&quot; has a good place in the middle. If someone talks too much about &quot;Bungle in the jungle&quot;, i suspect that he does'nt really know that album. I like &quot;Warchild&quot;, &quot;Queen and country&quot; &quot;Skating away...&quot; and &quot;The third Hoorah&quot;. The rest also are'nt bad. Final words: You can have it in your CDs collection.
B000002GJS|5.0|My job affords me some truly great perks...my first introduction to 'Waking Up The Neighbors' came when my program director instructed me to play the entire album on a Friday night a week before it's release as our radio station's 'CD Preview' for that week.  Hey, NO problem!  The CD's we HAD been previewing had truly been so much audio-landfill that I figured we'd at least have one that was reasonably decent for a change...Well it was MUCH MORE THAN THAT.  As I listened to each track, I kept thinking to myself, 'when is a BAD song gonna come up?'  Well none ever DID.  I had a bigger positive response to that CD than I had for ANY previous 'preview' we had ever played--or ever DID play afterwards.  This CD simply played like a 'greatest hits' package of brand new songs.  I know that sounds odd, but if you have heard this entire album, you know what I'm talking about.<br />If you are a fan of Bryan Adams and do NOT own 'Waking Up The Neighbors' you are in for an incredible treat.  Even if you own his hits collection, 'So Far So Good' this one I believe is still BETTER.  Don't believe me, huh?  Check out some of the songs on this record that DIDN'T get radio airplay--but SHOULD have: 'Is Your Mama Gonna Miss You', 'House Arrest' and easily one of his all-time greatest power-ballads: 'All I Want Is You'. TRUST me, all of these songs are the equal of ANYTHING in Bryan's great catalogue of great hits.  TRUST me, if you knew of the absolutely amazing response I had after playing this record, you'd KNOW what I'm saying is true.  I have been lucky enough to see Bryan twice, and both times he amazed me with a fantastic rocking show--AND--he sang 'House Arrest' live, too--without a doubt the best song he performed that evening.  Any Bryan Adams fan worth his/her salt cannot be a serious fan WITHOUT adding 'Waking Up The Neighbors' FIRST to their collection.  Easily one of the best rock albums of the entire decade of the 90's.  HIGHLY Recommended.<br />-DJ Jazzy Jeff
B000003N89|5.0|After reading many reviews of Diana Krall on amazon,I went out and bought &quot;Love Scenes&quot;.  While it was OK, it didn't meet the high expectations I had.  Being a big Nat King Cole fan, though, I decided to give this CD a try. Boy am I glad I did.  This is a hauntingly beautiful CD.  While all of the songs are good, her version of Boulevard of Broken Dreams blew me away.  I thought no one could approach Frank Sinatra on those two-in-the-morning saloon-style songs, but Diana Krall does on her sad and achingly beautiful version of this song, which all by itself is worth the price of the CD.
0930289331|5.0|Most people have strong conceptions about Batman after the movies, TV Shows, comics, etc. But it's easy to overlook his supporting cast and Bruce Wayne's own transformation. Every time someone does something new (out of their comfort zone), it takes courage, practice, perseverence and hard work. Both Bruce Wayne and Jim Gordon experience this in Gotham and it shines light on what they become later in their lives (hardcore justice freaks). Miller's story is fast paced and the narrative switches easily between Wayne and Gordon. Plus, you get the bonus of Catwoman's genesis, a young Harvey Dent and the first mention of the Joker. This is a perfect springboard into any future Batman book and a welcome addition to the Batman mythos. If you like this, be sure to read Miller's other seminal work: The Dark Knight Returns.
0887307396|5.0|The authors of 'Built To Last' has researched 18 highly successful companies and 18 of their respective competitors, who also has done well - but not as good, and come up with some interesting theories that in essence supports the chaos theory. Fascinating!<br />Not that current management practices is slaughtered, but rather enhanced and evolved. E.g, anyone who has read Dilbert knows to hate vision statements. In comparison, 'Big Hairy Audacious Goals' are the same but they are i-n-s-p-i-r-i-n-g. And did you know that many of todays market leaders like HP and Sony started off without any &quot;big idea&quot;? They also kill a few other myths along the way, like - it is always interesting to work in a firm which has a vision.<br />After resolving the myths the authors explore some common ground to why these companies are so successful and which should be relevant to most companies: You can have the cake AND the dessert, Ask yourself: why do our company exist?, find and preserve the core/stimulate progress, build a culture, try a lot of stuff and keep what works, develop your own top management (who knows the system better?) and compete with yourself.<br />Now, these companies are the major players in their respective markets, and how these theories work for smaller companies is an important question. As is the question of how these big firms did things to become successful. Was it a shot of luck in the nick of the time? Following their examples today might be painful due to the everchanging rules of this game.<br />Nevertheless there are a lot experience to feed upon here and the lessons learned might prove worthwile, even though you just follow some of the guidelines.
B00004WIBW|5.0|This movie was a wonderful thriller. It had an amazing cast of actors and actressess in it. The acting was superb, the makeup and costumes were gorgeous, and the special effects were great.If I were a movie critic I would give Sleepy Hollow two thumbs up!
B000002GK1|5.0|&quot;Badmotorfinger&quot; is clearly one of the greatest Alternative Rock albums ever made. The album starts out with 2 of the best Soundgarden songs ever, which are &quot;Rusty Cage&quot;, and &quot;Outshined&quot;. Then it moves to &quot;Slaves and Bulldozers&quot; which is a great example of how great of screamer Chris Cornell is and how great of a Guitar player Kim Thayil is. Cornell's lyrics and Thayil's guitar playing throughout the CD gives this album a tremendous metal vibe. This album is surely recommended to all Soundgarden fans, especially if you were fan of &quot;Superunknown.&quot;
B00003CXE7|5.0|I had heard Gladiator was a great movie, but I never expected the DVD would be so good.  The 2 disc set pretty much captures everything you are looking for in a top notch DVD.  The movie, which I did not see in the theater, was an exciting, adventurous epic that grabs ahold of you and doesn't let go.  I honestly did not expect Russell Crowe to be a convincing lead, but he pulls it off in great fashion.  I am very pleased with the DVD and the movie as a whole.  Definately worth the money to pick this one up!
B000006YYM|4.0|This was one of the last Gentle Giant CDs i bought, and i'm glad. If i had walked in and picked this CD up before any of the others, i may not have given it that second or third listen.<br />I struggled through the first track Proclamation. It seemed to me a lot 'busier' than most the Gentle Giant songs i had heard before. And then came track two, So Sincere. Oh boy, this song just annoyed me. As the rest of the CD played on and eventually finished, i was left with a kind of bad taste in my mouth. As another reviewer states below, keyboards play a more prominent role on this album, and it took some getting used too.<br />So i played it again, and again, and again and again. And again! Boy, does it grow on you!<br />Now, it's probably one of my most played CDs in my collection, though, as the 4 star rating i gave it indicates, it's not my favourite GG cd. I just seem to be in the mood to listen to it more often than with their other albums.<br />If you haven't heard Gentle Giant before, it's probably best you don't start here. Get one of their 'easier' to get into CDs, like Octopus, Three Friends &amp; Acquiring the Taste.
B00004RHZU|5.0|Pink is such an amazing vocalist. She is right up there with Whitney Houston, Mariah Carey, Christina Aguilera and Jessica Simpson. The only difference between her and these other female artists is that she doesn't sing sbout love but she is not necessarily bashing all men, but rebelling against certain type of men. Men who don't know how to treat their girls right, men who are just basically dogs. Her first two singles off her album &quot;There You Go&quot; and &quot;Most Girls&quot; really kick some major ass. Especially her third single &quot;You Make Me Sick&quot;.Her album is just amazing and I can't wait to buy her second album when it comes out. Anyone who doesn't have her album you better get it. You don't know what you're missing.
B00004XPPC|5.0|There used to be a very special kind of movie.  It was the one that seldom got beyond the story board, because of its cost, cast or complexity.  But every once in a while, some brilliant producer would hook up with an equally brilliant director and they would figure out a way to make their vision a reality.  If they were lucky, in the process they would produce a timeless classic.  I can think of no better way to describe &quot;The Bridge On The River Kwai&quot;.<br />This film is really quite remarkable, for its scope, its setting, its cast, and its story.  It is sad in a way to think that movies such as this will likely never be made again, at least not with cameras as much as with computers.  What you see in this film is as close as you will likely get to experiencing the lost art of movie-making, the way the best used to do it before the era of technology and the allure of its digital slight of hand.  The editing of the film's final minutes is a study in and of itself of how brilliant David Lean could be in the cutting room and behind the camera.  Alec Guinness gives an Oscar winning performance, with no scene better than his last in this film.  To be able to watch this motion picture in its restored splendor, accompanied by a remarkably effective digital theater sound is quite a treat.  I am always moved by this film, a result with which I am sure Sir David and Sir Alec would be well pleased.
B0000508U6|4.0|I docked off one star from this gorgeous, gorgeous album because although all the songs are simply beautiful, the album has too few songs and short ones at that.<br />Having said that I can't even begin to describe Chris Martin's amazing voice or Jon's (or is it Chris's?) magical guitar bits, which just leaves you slightly breathless, with a huge smile on your face. <br />For those who think the album is depressing, have another listen to Don't Panic and Yellow.<br />A must-buy!
0156907399|1.0|&quot;To the Lighthouse&quot; is a rambling monotony, a lifeless droning. No matter how loudly the literary lemmings scream, that will always be so. Woolf opens &quot;To the Lighthouse&quot; with a very uninteresting sentence and a &quot;So what&quot; bit of exposition; both come to nothing, promising us little and failing to deliver even that. The story was rambling, incoherent and boring in the extreme. Woolf jumped from head to head, thought to thought, as if each threatened to bite off her foot as she landed.  The &quot;story&quot; (and calling &quot;To the Lighthouse&quot; a story is a huge generosity) is painfully slow. So slow, in fact, that you come to &quot;The End&quot; and still nothing has developed. <br /> The book is filled with poorly written exposition that not only stops the story dead, but takes us completely away from it time and again. Each sentence starts with a jerk, wanders around, twists back upon itself, spirals away from us, then trips its way back to the starting point. Woolf seemed to have no idea about what it was that she really wanted to say and no ability to state any of it succinctly or coherently.  Continuing  in this trend, Woolf keeps the dialogue brief in the extreme and does it for no other reason than for her to run on and on and on and . . . with her exposition, using those miles long sentences that the reader is PRAYING will end, but that just keep muddling along, belaboring point after senseless point. The poor woman had no talent at all when it came to simply telling a straightforward tale and making it interesting to anyone but herself.<br /> Little  of the book has anything to do with the lighthouse, or with going there. It's more about the inner workings and complexities of a small group of people. Kind of like taking a series of snapshots of the group, then going one by one and telling what is in each of their heads. As we go through the various bits of these snapshots, now and then Woolf tosses out the seeds of something interesting, then immediately stamps the life out of them before they can sprout into something greater.  Included in these are some tantalizing crumbs of internal monologue, but Woolf can't even stay focused on that. She wonders through each character's personal musings just the same way that she wonders through the main story, never allowing one thought to fully form before rambling away from it. This is the story's real tragedy, because she turns some marvelous phrases, but loses them in the tale's incoherence.<br /> The shrieking chant of &quot;but it's EXPERIMENTAL fiction!&quot; cannot excuse the many and severe shortcomings. Bad writing is bad writing, no matter what feeble attempts at justification are made to hide that fact.
B00004T0US|4.0|In the summer of 1977 I was just discovering popular music - The Beatles, The Rolling Stones, etc.  I usually tested the waters with a single by an artist and this is what I was doing when I decided on one visit to get &quot;Way Down&quot; by Elvis.  It blew me away!  A powerful modern rocker by this well known artist.  Based on that I immediatly bought the &quot;Moody Blue&quot; albumn on my next visit (after he died I think).  The whole album was thougholy enjoyable.  Live cuts, studio tracks, country type tunes, rockers a really nice piece.<br />Years later I purchased it on cd (the &quot;Moody Blue&quot; tracks only) and continued to enjoy this package of music.  Recently while looking in Amazaon I saw this particular package with the &quot;Extra Tracks.&quot;  From reading the reviews, I learned about Presley recording the tunes from his home and with great anticipation purchased this updated version of the cd.<br />Unfortunatly I am dissapointed.  Not only because they dropped &quot;Let Me Be There&quot; from &quot;Moody Blue&quot; but also because the ten songs added (&quot;From Elvis Presley Boulevard, Memphis Tennessee&quot;), mess up the magic of the original package!<br />I didn't particularly care for the extra cuts and it's mainly because I am not a fan of country music.  &quot;Light&quot; country, leaning towards popular (like the country type tunes on the original &quot;Moody Blue&quot; line-up), I can take - but &quot;twangy&quot; is not my thing and I find the latter songs on this collection lean towards a more traditonal country sound.  Plus, the other non-country sounds are nearly as good as anything on &quot;Moody Blue.&quot;  &quot;Hurt&quot; sounds like it was painful to record and I find it hear (as well as on his &quot;Live in Concert&quot; albmum very unlistenable.<br />Needless to say, I found it somewhat wastful buying this cd with the extra tracks as I'm not going to trade in my original &quot;Moody Blue&quot; cd -  which I recommend over this!er this!
B00000DLUV|5.0|I grew up as a kid in the 70s listening these guys. I've been a fan for years. When I saw thier concert on PBS, I too, just had to have this CD. Fortunatly, I got it as a gift, and it's one of my favorite CD's, and it gets a lot of play in my car.This is one of the best greatest hits live type CD's I've ever heard. Every hit song from the late 60's to the early 90s that the Gibb Brothers sang or wrote is on this CD.  My favorites songs are &quot;To Love Somebody&quot;, &quot;Massachussets&quot;, and &quot;Lonely Days,Lonely Nights&quot; I also liked the accoustic version of &quot;Nights on Broadway&quot;;it's a nice new take on a great song. One of the most touching moments of the CD was &quot;Our Love (don't throw it all away), the Gibb's duet with thier late brother, Andy. I also like the brother's Gibb duet with Celene Dion on &quot;Immorality&quot;. I confess that I wasn't crazy about it at first, but after quite a few listens, this song has really grown on me.  A couple minor quibbles--it would have been nice if Barry Gibb could have included Barbra Striesand on &quot;Guilty&quot;. Somehow, the song doesn't sound the same without her. Also, although the Bee Gees orignally wrote &quot;Islands in the Stream&quot;, and it sounds great on this Cd, I must admit that I like Kenny Rogers and Dolly Parton's version of it much better. (Sorry, guys, but I'm a big fan of Kenny and Dolly). All in all, if you're a new to the Bee Gee's music, or a longtime fan, this CD is a must have.
B000001F3C|5.0|With War, U2 came of age.  Musically similar to Boy and October (and forming for all intents a trilogy with them, given the huge departure of An Unforgettable Fire), what distinguishes War is that, for the first time, the songs match the vision. Bono finally confronts two of his favorite themes, politics and religion, head on, and you can still feel the emotional release after all these years. If the album only contained &quot;Sunday Bloody Sunday&quot; and &quot;New Year's Day,&quot; it would still be a classic, but there is much more to savor here.  For example, listen to &quot;Surrender&quot; and you'll hear a beautifully produced, fully realized song that still is fresh today.  U2 would continue to grow as a band, but never again would they sound so young, angry, joyful, and defiant all at the same time.  War captures on audio the exact moment when innocence is lost, before cynicism can set in.  Buy it.
0440416027|4.0|Ten-Year-old Michael was looking forward to moving in to his new house. But now his baby sister is ill, his parents are frantic and Doctor Death has come to call. Michael feels helpless until he steps into the crumbling garage.  Michael finds something, which he can share only with, his new and closest friend Mina. While still worried about the baby, Michael carries on and as Mina and him carry the monster from the garage, Michael's life changes forever... David Almond is a powerful writer. He has the ability to keep any reader amused in a sorrowful way that is almost reality or in a cheerful and contented way in which an adolescent teenager exploring his way through life. I suggest that any reader no matter what the background will be sucked in through the pages of this stimulating book.
630469797X|5.0|What is most extraordinary about 'Dawn of the dead' is its sheer scope and ambition, its Bunuel-like world-view given the space and size needed for its subject, no less than America.  Where 'Night of the living dead' burned with a late 60s political urgency, 'Dawn' pessimistically ushers in the Reagan years of zombie consumerism and idiotic militarism.  Of course, the great American genre is the Western, and Romero plays merry havoc with it here, as his 'good guy' frontiersmen set up camp against the various Indians who try to blast them out of it.  The apparent stylistic self-indulgence conceals an astonishing formal discipline, and the apparently 'plain' style produces moments of surprising beauty.  Shocking, brutal, disgusted, cynical, savage, satirical, but above all very, very funny.
0440234743|4.0|This was my first Grisham book to read. I knew by reading the first page that I was hooked and unable to put it down. I would highly recommend it.
B000005IU2|5.0|\\"Funhouse\\" is your key to an overdose of ... punk.<BR>Iggy Pop along with Lou Reed are the godfathers of punk and this album is the best example of Iggy's psychotic art.<BR>The best way to describe \\"Funhouse\\" is brutal,raw,savage,and demonic.<BR>Iggy sounds like a mad dog unleashed and ready to bite.<BR>He screams and shouts as the Stooges play raging three chord caveman punk straight out of hell.<BR>\\"T.V. Eye\\" pounds away relentlessly leading up to a midsong  growl from Iggy that explodes into a hellish scream.<BR>\\"Funhouse\\" finds the Stooges mixing up a firestorm of punk and jazz as a saxophone wails furiously over a backbone of primitive <BR>power chords and hypnotic percussive rhythm.<BR>\\"Dirt\\" is a slow burn that creeps and crawls like a slithering snake as Iggy lets out his depraved inner child.<BR>A most touching tale.<BR>\\"L.A. Blues\\" closes the door to the funhouse as the Stooges produce a sonic psychotic slab of apocalypse.<BR>A clamorous symphony of the damned destroying everything in its path.<BR>Classic.<BR>O.F.
B000002GEY|5.0|I was introduced to this album by my sister's 19 year old boyfriend. I knew and loved several of these songs previously but had no idea that they came from this music group. After recieving &quot;Breakfast&quot; for Christmas...I'm hooked. I love it! It's Wierd Al Yankovic meets The Moody Blues!
0375701427|5.0|In this novel, the first in the &quot;Zuckerman trilogy,&quot; Roth presents the multifaceted story of Seymour &quot;the Swede&quot; Levov.  The novel's opening is narrated by Skip Zuckerman, a writer who was best friends with the Swede's younger brother Jerry back in their high school days.  Zuckerman never knew the Swede well; thus his initial perspective on Seymour's nature is entirely superficial. <br /> Through Zuckerman's eyes, we become acquainted with the Swede from a distance- a brilliant tactic on Roth's part, since it makes his true story seem all the more incongruous.  Skip knows Seymour only as the star athlete, the proverbial &quot;golden boy,&quot; who grew up to inherit his father's glove factory, marry a former beauty queen, and live in a beautiful house.  In Skip's eyes, Seymour is practically perfect, and therefore empty inside.  He goes so far as to say, &quot;He's not faking all this virginity.  This guy is the embodiment of nothing.&quot;  But as Skip becomes once again involved in the world of the Levovs, the truth of Seymour's existence begins to unfold, and Skip quickly retracts his statement and emphatically asserts, &quot;I was wrong.  Never more mistaken about anyone in my life.&quot;<br />For all that Seymour has achieved and all the acclaim associated with the mere sound of his name (Levov! It rhymes with the love!) come coupled with a hamartia, a tragic flaw, an Achilles heel.  The Swede's fatal flaw, however, is not so much a flaw of his own personality.  Rather, his weakness is anthropomorphized- it is his daughter, Merry.  Despite (or perhaps because of?) growing up under the watchful eye of two perfectly &quot;normal&quot; parents, Merry becomes a radical Communist and commits an outlandishly savage act of political terrorism, one that pushes her into hiding for the rest of her life and that pushes the Swede into a world more bizarre than his worst nightmares, a world that could not be more contrary to the rest of his perfect little life.<br />So, how does a loving father &quot;like that&quot; produce a daughter &quot;like THAT&quot;?  The Swede's American pastoral is of the Great Gatsby variety- money, a beautiful woman by his side.  His daughter, on the other hand is perfectly content to live in a hovel under a train trestle and try to starve herself to death to achieve spiritual perfection.  Are these dreams equivalent?  Aren't they one and the same if they give equivalent pleasure to their holders?  What could possibly make one superior to the other?  And, when it would be so easy to let go, what keeps them inexoribly tied?  Roth proposes hard questions in this novel, questions to which no answers can be found.  And that is entirely ok.  It's also what makes this book so frightening. In American Pastoral, Roth skillfully intertwines his deep professorial prose with simple, and often darkly amusing, anecdotes and narratives.  He successfully tones down the sexual fantasia that usually overpowers his novels.  Throughout, American pastoral is a gripping read that never stops asking hard questions and continually challenges the sanctity and normalcy of the American dream.
B000001IPL|5.0|Definitely one of the best albums by this band and that one that will probably be known forever as their signature mark, &quot;Smash&quot; is probably their most aggressive album that is still catchy at the same time.  Its two predecessors are equally as hardcore, if not more so, but as instantly likeable.  They're still good releases though, just like all the Offspring's others.  Songs like &quot;Nitro&quot;, &quot;Genocide&quot;, and &quot;Bad Habit&quot; are all out punk anthems while &quot;Self-Esteem&quot; tones things down a bit, but still has that aggressive edge to it.  &quot;Come Out and Play&quot; I'm sure you all know is a classic and &quot;What Happened To You?&quot; is always fun to listen to.  Overall this is an excellent release and its good all the way through.  This is the only one of their albums I can recommend as highly as &quot;Ixnay&quot;.
0393307050|3.0|Colin Wilson once wrote that &quot;the will feeds on immense vistas; without them, it collapses.&quot; And immense vistas is one of the main elements I look for in novels. Historical fiction being my favorite genre, I asked fellow fans to direct me to the work they considered to have the greatest historical and geographical scope. The *Flashman Papers* cropped up, but I was particularly seduced by the reference to Patrick O'Brian's twenty-volume Aubrey / Maturin series, which, I was told, not only covered all of the planet's seas and oceans, but touched upon an enormous variety of topics, including music, medicine and zoology. This was enough to make me purchase the first three volumes, plus the accompanying atlas and dictionary.<br />*Master and Commander* opens in 1800 with the first meeting of the series' two protagonists: Jack Aubrey, a minor officer in the Royal Navy, and Stephen Maturin, an impoverished doctor. Their initial impression of each other is one of mutual dislike, but as Aubrey gets promoted, he becomes a much more sociable fellow and convinces Maturin to become his ship's surgeon aboard H.M.S. Sophie, &quot;almost the only quarterdeck brig in the service&quot;. There follows a cruise on the Mediterranean in which Aubrey convoys merchant ships, makes captures, storms a fort and engages in various battles against enemy ships.<br />As an amateur screenwriter, I love plot and drama, but I found virtually none in this first volume of the series. *Master and Commander* is episodic at best: it has no theme to speak of, and therefore feels like a loosely integrated tale (O'Brian's own term for his novels), randomly moving from one sea encounter to the next. One of the rare threads running through the book is Maturin's attempt to make Aubrey and his Papist Lieutenant James Dillon recognize each other's value, but the effort peters out, Dillon dies and the thread is not resolved. The same goes with Aubrey's affair with the wife of a superior officer, the effects of which on Aubrey's career are of no great  importance.<br />The book's lack of direction partly comes from the characters themselves. Aubrey, a tactical genius at sea, a decent musician and a complete fool in all other matters, is a nave, awkward and often ridiculous character whose sole ambition is to take part in heroic naval actions and be promoted for it. But he doesn't have any strong motivation or value that might dynamize the novel, even though I rather enjoyed his joie de vivre, his pride in his own prowess and his refreshingly childish enthusiasms. Maturin is a well-read Englightenment physician and naturalist, but he seems happy merely to go along, spotting the occasional rare animal or plant. Even their friendship felt rather shallow to me, although of course twenty volumes should leave it ample time to develop. For the moment, though, both Aubrey and Maturin seemed to remain in their own worlds, with Aubrey not being able to see very far into Maturin, and the latter generally seeing past the former.<br />Another feature of the book I found regrettable is that all its wisdom is incidental to the unfolding of the events, being relegated to often rambling dinner conversations and monologues. This, however, seems to be common in the type of fiction that is generally recognized as literature nowadays.<br />Finally, O'Brian is not interested in scenery, which I found disappointing as part of my interest in the series was touristic. He does not really attempt to make you see the places he takes his characters to, like Port Mahon, Malta or, even more blatantly, Alexandria. Roughly speaking, the book can be divided into two types of scenes: naturalistic dialogues overflowing with vocabulary, foreign language and cultural references, and action scenes, described in extremely technical naval jargon.<br />As for the style of the book, even though I deplored as always the occasional use of fragments (i.e. incomplete sentences), I was relieved to find it lessmodernist than O'Brian's friendship to Picasso might have presaged. <br />To be frank, I was rather impatient to be finished with the book and move on to something else, though I do intend to give Aubrey and Maturin another chance some day. However, I doubt I will ever enjoy O'Brian as much as I do Kenneth Roberts, who tackled the genre with such novels as *Rabble in Arms*, *The Lively Lady* and *Lydia Bailey*, or A. A. Attanasio, who tried his hand at high-seas adventures with *Wyvern*.<br />(If you intend to read this series, I strongly suggest you purchase Dean King's *A Sea of Words*, which elucidates most of the jargon and cultural references. I found the same author's atlas to the complete novels, *Harbors and High Seas*, a little less necessary but nevertheless very handy, as *Master and Commander* does not include any maps.)
B000002BPS|5.0|The Offspring are definitely one of the best bands of the nineties and they made sure to make a strong break into the year 2000 with &quot;Conspiracy of One.&quot;  As good as that album is, it just can't compare with this or &quot;Smash&quot;, which are both surely destined to become punk classics.  From the faster more aggressive songs such as &quot;Meaning of Life&quot; and &quot;All I Want&quot; to the toned down &quot;Amazed&quot; to the hilarious &quot;Don't Pick It Up&quot; Ixnay on the Hombrey dishes out a variety of flavors here that all seem to blend together into one irresistable composition.  Dexter's vocal explosions in the chorus of &quot;Gone Away&quot; are truly amazing and easily elevate it to the best song on the album, albeit not the most aggressive.  This is essential to all Offspring fans and even if you're not a fan, at least get this and &quot;Smash&quot;.  Both are highly recommended.
B000002UTT|3.0|With 'Look Sharp!', Roxette appear to be heading towards a dance orientated irection. However, like all of Roxette's 80s material, the album suffers badly from banal lyrics and wishy washy SAW imitation production, rescued from absolute mediocrity by several strong hits and pretty melodies.<br />Lyrically, 'Look Sharp!' offers no improvements over 'Pearls Of Passion.' To be honest, its even worse. While 'PoP' was rescued by intelligent songs like 'Voices', 'Call Of The Wild', and 'So Far Away', this album rarely comes anywhere close. When not uttering absolute nonsense on 'Dressed For Success' and 'Dangerous' Roxette fall back on the same cliched love metaphors used before.<br />Musically, Look Sharp! offers sharper song writing skills than on its previous effort. However, potentially good songs are ruined by the production, which almost seems to parody the Stock Aitken Waterman team. I've heard the live version of 'Paint' with only the guitars and the drums, and it makes a great mid tempo rock song. On this album however, it stands only as a vague dance-lite filler. Dressed For Success has great glam metal potential here, I can imagine Van Halen, Poison, or Guns 'N Roses really belting this one out. However, with a production ethos heading straight for the easy listening charts, it is more bubblegum than Sheena Easton at her worst. Shadow Of A Doubt would make a great gloom ballad if not that bouncy rhythm sounding so out of place.<br />Roxette do have their shining moments at times here. 'The Look', Roxette's first smash hit, perfectly merges hard guitar rock with electronica dance which successfully out funks both Michael Jackson and Prince and outclasses Madonna. It's just too bad that lyrically this song fails: they seem to be too self conscious to sound cool and laid back than to portray any logical sense. 'Dangerous' was the first song I ever fell in love with. Although easily placed in the dance-lite category, it simply has the catchiest tune ever, and produced with more enthusiasm than most of the album. 'Listen To Your Heart' shows off the best production in the album, is lyrically credible and musically a soaring melodramatic power-ballad. However, it does sound almost exactly like Heart's 'What About Love' and since Heart's song was released 2 years earlier, this places Roxette more at fault.<br />Chances is Roxette's greatest song ever in my opinion, with evocative lyrics, haunting verse and a dramatic uplifting chorus.<br />The pluses on the album are almost outweighed by the negatives however, tracks like 'Sleeping Single,' 'Cry', 'Half A Woman' and 'View From A Hill' being rather insipid uninspired songs to tap your feet to while blow drying your hair. Though this album shows potential, it would take until 'Joyride' before Roxette could conceive a consistently good album.
B0000062FL|4.0|If you want to start collection originally recorded material by this band, this is the place to go.  The instrumental blending between guitar, keyboards, bass, drums, and percussion is in perfect balance between any two speakers.  The special touches of Singing Winds Crying Beasts is a perfect lead in to the mystical Black Magic Woman/Gypsy Queen piece.  Oh the pulsating guitar riffs on the finish to that number.  Samba Pa Ti and Incident At Neshabar are standout instrumentals, the later is especially cool the way it start so heavy with loads of guitar riffs and then settles down into a peaceful latin jazz composition.  Not everyone may completely appreciate this recording as the emphasis is not on vocal performance although what little singing that is on here is performed quite well.In general, song-structure is also not of great emphasisi here.  However, it is difficult to top the great instrumental riffs and beldnings and most audiences will give this CD high marks.
0679879269|5.0|I love that Phillip Pullman had the bravery to address religion and theology with such an unusual perspective.  His thoughts on religion have been more thought provoking than any others I have heard.  I was so relieved that this book wasn't ended perfectly.  The end was poignant, touching, and incredibly insightful.  Too all of you with questions such as &quot;how did the ghost fight the war when others couldn't stay together&quot; I suggest you reread the book :  it explains it. Maybe if you are wondering about something you should actually reread parts of the book before blaiming your incompetence on the author. As for why Lyra's parents changed:  they were only human.  People change...its called dynamic characters, for those of you who didn't pass 7th grade language.  Also:  for all of those who can't see past their own way of life and their own faiths...you are petty and ignorant.  While I don't excpect anyone to change their views (that is NOT what I am asking)  I think that you can learn and grow in mental integrity by at least listening and considering some unconventional ideas.  In all, this book is incredibly thought provoking and simply divine.
B000005IZ8|5.0|This is some of Philip Glass' best work. Less hypnotically repetitive than Canyon music or Thin Blue Line and capable of standing alone as a concert piece. The Anthem motif has been heard time and again: including multiple movie trailers where they haven't figured out the final score to Truman Show and TV ads. It builds to a wonderful climax with a Moazzin calling the faithful to prayer. Stunning! They should release the DVD. The VHS is [bad]
630528069X|5.0|Nobody could have made a better drunken cop like John McLane than Bruce Willis.  If you ever saw him on 'Moonlighting' you'd understand.  He creates a personality like now other actor does.  That is what makes DIE HARD so good.  Die Hard has got to be one of my favorite action-comedies.  It has got some great action in it and some very un-expected humor.  This movie was the movie that changed all action movie fans' lives.<br />For all the people who don't what DIE HARD is about here it is: John Mclane is a New York cop who is seperated.  When he is in LA at a christmas party visiting his wife, a group of terrorists take control of the building.  John is the only cop in the building.  So, wearing only a beader, khakis, and bear feet, John is a one man team out to stop the terrorists and save his wife.<br />This movie is the perfect party movie, perfect friday night movie, perfect for almost any time.  I think that everybody should see this movie because it is awsome!
0064407667|2.0|I loved the idea of unhappy-ending stories for kids. The books look gorgeous, the illustrations are lovely, the children have the potential to be interesting -- but I can't bring myself to care that much about the main characters. The character of the baby, Sunny, is especially unconvincing. The writing style teeters between funny and pretentious, but mostly ends up on the pretentious side. I found the explanations of word meanings annoying and patronising, although I'm an adult so maybe my opinion shouldn't count. Perhaps a child would find the definitions useful, but most unfamiliar words can be worked out from the context, and those that can't can be looked up in a dictionary. I think the concept has potential, but I was disappointed with the execution in this instance.
B000050XEI|5.0|Well, its quite apparent that some are tired of Enya while others still thrill at her musical releases.  ADWR is a beautiful album, seeing Enya moving toward a more classical sound.  Yes, I know the album is short, Enya still sounds like Enya, blah blah blah...The fact remains the NO ONE that I can think of writes more attractive melodies than Enya and NO ONE has such a perfect voice.  Flora's Secret (my favorite), One by One, and Fallen Embers are three of the best tunes that I have heard in years.  These songs do NOT sound like remakes of earlier Enya songs.  Such a criticism fails when a person actually LISTENS to the songs.  Critics dismiss Enya as floaty, new-age pseudo pop, but I (and millions of others) happened to be moved by her music.  There is a sound in her voice that is just incomparable and...otherworldly.  I listen to a wide variety of styles of music (I love Dido, Protishead, Schubert, Garbage, just to name a few), but Enya will always be my favorite.  She has affected me in a way that no other artist has.  So...I for one will anxiously await music from Enya as long as she continues to make it--let the rest of the world just go its own way!!!
B00000JHAU|5.0|How can something so crazily amazingly beautiful be so easily accessable to mankind?
B00003CXB2|5.0|If I was forced at gunpoint to name the best film ever made - which would normally cause a lot of hemming and hawing as I started to consider how to interpret the question and how I felt at the time and whether to weigh emotion heavier than technique, writing more than direction, star power and musical score (but there's that gun, see?) - this would be it.<br />I was not enamored of historical drama at all until I was fortunate enough to see Lawrence of Arabia on the big, big, huge screen when they released the restored version some years ago. Long films, for me, were dullsville. Plus, I was and am an avid Sci Fi and Comedy fan, so anything that smelled of reality or war or grand epic (ala Cleopatra or The Agony and The Ecstasy) were turn-offs.<br />But this film, boys and girls, this film is more than film. It truly defines epic. Shots are held for minutes. The score sweeps you into the arms of the desert and the man's story, a man who hated himself for what he did at the same time that he revelled in it. A man drawn to destiny, perhaps, at least in terms of this telling, and the people around him who were swept up in it with him. <br />Buy this film. If you liked &quot;Gladiator&quot; you will love &quot;Lawrence.&quot; The scope, beauty, drama and O'Toole's manic performance will leave you amazed.
B0000560RV|4.0|After reading most of the reviews here, I thought this was either going to be a) the best cd I've ever purchased or b) so over the top that I couldn't listen to it.  Well, it turns out neither is the case, although I would say that this is one of the better purchases that I've made in a while, once I finally got my hands on a copy.  I guess the most obvious words to sum up the songs are epic &amp; beautiful.  Most of the tracks are between 5 &amp; 10 minutes long and are filled to the brim with strings, horns, bass, and beautiful vocals mixed in with a little bit of shoegazing.  To try and describe all of the tracks would be too difficult--it's one of those things you have to hear.  My only criticism would be that the band seems to have a tendency to get a bit repetitive within their songs at times.  Guys, you don't have to repeat the same phrase 10 times to make it effective!! (GYBE! is also guilty of this)  Aside from this minor complaint, the music is awesome.  It seems that some folks tend to think that because the music is so direct, so emotional, so moving, that it is of less worth--cheaper, for lack of a better word.  Actually, I kind of enjoyed the fact that it didn't take 10 listens for me to finally &quot;get&quot; the music.  I understand that it's good to encourage experimentation, to mess around with time signatures, tunings, and with what is conventionally termed &quot;beauty.&quot;  But at the same time, I think we've forgotten that it's ok to have beauty in your music.  Is it a crime for Sigur Ros to make big, tug-at-your-heart-strings music?  Do they lose their precious indie-cred for this?  Does this lessen the impact of their songs?  It's ok to enjoy what you listen to simply because the music makes you feel happy, or sad, or whatever, not because the artist composed it from a certain paradigm, or shunned all conventional devices in their compositions.  It's not like Sigur Ros is the next Third Eye Blind/Sister Hazel/whatever.  If Sigur Ros wantsto claim that they'll change the face of music or whatever, that's great.  They're a rock band, after all...what do you expect?
0805017445|5.0|I originally purchased this book for my son some years back and it has made it's way to my youngest daughter.  My son absolutely loved this book.  He discovered this book in his daycare and always wanted to bring it home.  So, I had to buy it.  It was his favorite book for a few years.  Then, I had my daughter (now 6), and started reading Brown Bear to her when she was a little over a year old, and it is still one of her favorite books!  I'm getting ready to introduce this book to my nephew, whom I know will love this book as much as my two youngest did!
B00003CXE7|5.0|Simply a fabulous movie.   An epic in the true sense with a great hero and a great villain.  There may be a few killjoys who complain of historical innaccuracy, but who can really take offence.  This is a huge movie that has everything right.  The typecasting of Russell Crowe is a masterstroke.   A visually spectacular experience supported by an equally stunning sound track.   Mr. Scott - you have surpassed yourself.
B00004Y6TQ|2.0|I'm a moderate Bjork fan, and I've especially enjoyed her work with the Sugarcubes.  But this CD, I must admit, I didn't like much at all.  First off, there's the price vs. number of songs problem.  It's WAY overpriced for 7 songs.  But beyond that, there was only one song that I really enjoyed (the duet with the singer from Radiohead).  Some of the songs on here are just crap, and make no sense unless you've seen the movie (I presume).  For example, there's one song where she's basically just counting.  My guess is that has something to do with dancing, but as a single listening to it in your car, there's not much appeal.  This CD isn't worth the money as far as I'm concerned.  You're better off with Debut, or the Great Crossover Potential (by the Sugarcubes).  Stay away from selmasongs, or just get the one good song off Napster (it's not worth the money).
B00003CWOL|5.0|As a pair of two lapsed Catholics, My husband and I rented this movie on the recommendation of another catholic friend of ours.  From the moment they unveiled the hilarious &quot;Buddy Christ&quot; to the moment the ending credits appeared we were rolling on the floor howling with laughter as only two people who spent years in catholic school could.  <br />Matt Damon and Ben Affleck were great as two fallen angels banished by God to hell (Wisconsin) trying to get back into Heaven through a loophole in Catholic dogma.  Which would unfortunately destroy the world because it would prove God fallible.  Chris Rock was a very funny 13th Apostle named Rufus and Selma Hayek's role as a feisty muse name Serendipity was also good.  Jason Mews and Kevin Smith himself in their perennial roles as &quot;Jay&quot; and &quot;Silent Bob&quot; were a scream as two unlikely &quot;prophets&quot; sent to aid the last Scion played by Linda Fiorentino.  My favorite performance was that of Alan Rickman who played the surly and much put upon Metatron (or the voice of God).  He portrayed the long suffering character of God's right hand angel with an excellent mix of irony, dry humor, and compassion.  His fiery entrance scene was classically funny!<br />I felt that the weakest performance was that of Fiorentino's who played the main character Bethany, the last Scion charged with the mission of stopping the renegade angels.  While she did a good job, there was something that seemed slightly forced in her portrayal of a catholic (who worked in an abortion clinic by the way) struggling with her beliefs just going through the motions of faith.  The sarcastic lines lacked some bite and her expressions seemed a bit contrived.  Her performance improved in the middle of the movie during her scene with Rickman after she discovers her true identity.<br />Overall, I felt that Dogma was not about bashing the Catholic church, but about some of the funny things about organized religion and faith.  Smith touches on a number of different issues here, and the humor was a great way of dealing with the touchy and explosive subject of religion.<br />Most critics I suspect were offended by the language, but if you've seen one of Kevin Smith's movies before, that's to be expected.  Sometimes you have to look past the messenger to see the message.  Other critics sited implausible plot, wordy, or the always elegant &quot;it just sucks&quot;.  One critic bashed Smith for assuming that everyone was Catholic!  <br />Those that thought the movie bashed Catholicism didn't read into what Smith was saying.  Selma Hayek summed it up perfectly &quot;You people don't celebrate your faith. You mourn it.&quot;  Loosen up people, having a sense of humor about it is part of celebrating your faith.<br />I agree that the dialogue got a bit wordy, but I suspect that was for the benefit of those who didn't have a background in Catholicism.  If you filtered out some of the conversational meandering and vulgar interjections by the trash mouthed &quot;prophet&quot; Jay, you'll find some interesting and thought provoking gems in there.  As for an implausible plot...hello!  We're talking religion here folks, and I think that few people would agree that the Bible is necessarily a wellspring realistic and plausible plots.  Religion is about leaps of faith and if you can't handle that, then you won't get the meaning behind the movie.  <br />The critics in the &quot;it just sucks&quot; camp I suspect aren't very patient with the subject of &quot;two hours of Catholic mythology&quot; and are more comfortable with the secular subjects of Smith's other movies (romance, shopping, drugs and the like).  Hey, I don't like football, so am I going to complain that the writers of The Replacements and Remember the Titans assumed that everyone in the world enjoys football?  No, I'm simply not going to watch movies about football...problem solved.  The name of the movie is Dogma, it should give you a clue.  And if you don't know what dogma means, look it up.<br />So here's a warning to all...if you have no tolerance for organized religion, so called Catholic mythology, occasional potty humor (literally), profanity, or you have no sense of humor on the subject of religion, then don't watch this movie.  You be disappointed or angry.<br />If you are a little bit more open minded, I invite you to try out this wonderfully funny movie.
B000000YWO|5.0|Quintessence is the album I would choose to listen to of all others if I was told, &quot;you have one jazz album to select if stranded on a desert isle&quot; -- or for life! Evans breaks from many of his standards, and from the group of people he played with for longer stretches, and comes up with an absolute beauty. Don't buy another jazz album until you have bought Quintessence. You will want to buy a copy for every jazz friend!
0380796090|5.0|Having read all of Marian Keyes's novels -- including Sushi for Beginners and No Dress Rehearsal -- I just had to read her very first novel. This is one of the funniest novels I have ever read! Marian Keyes has excellent comic timing. I do believe that she is the best author of this genre -- Helen Fielding, Anna Maxtet, Jane Green, Isabel Wolff and India Knight are the runners-up.<br />Poor Claire tells us the story of how her husband dumped her on the night their baby was born. Depressed, she moved from London to Dublin to live with her eccentric family. The parents and two sisters are hilarious! I was able to know them when I read Rachel's Holiday, so I am glad that I was able to get better acquainted with such hilarious characters. Enduring her neurotic family and raising a child on her own, Claire is able to get over her husband. Or is that really the case? She meets a charming younger man. But will she ever get over her husband? And will this man sweep her off her feet? There are some memorable and droll moments in this novel.<br />So, are you in the market for a romantic comedy that has irony and poignancy? Look no further. Watermelon should be devoured till the last page!
6302194296|3.0|I love old movies generally...that is why I thought that I would love this movie.  I didn't.  I am sure that in it's day it was really amazing.  However, I can't imagine being scared by this movie.  I mean, the vampire looks very creepy, but there is no suspense.  I never once thought &quot;Oh no, what's going to happen?&quot; I even left the room and went looking for a snack.  I sure wish that I had rented this movie and I sugjest that to all who are curious and I would say, yes this movie is worth renting because it is so old and has a certain artistic quality that is worth seeing once.
B000021Y7X|5.0|Heard one of the Talking Heads songs the other day and thought to myself how good and different it was so I ordered the Dvd Stop making sense. What I found after ordering it was how well it was produced and how great the sound was. For anybody who likes this band this is a must to have and a very peasant surprize!!
B000007T1M|4.0|Compared to most of the metal out there, I have to say that System of a Down is a breath of fresh air. Their songs aren't apathetic or angsty - they're creative, mocking, intelligent, a good listen, and most of all, funny!!!
B000002G23|5.0|I cant say enough about this awsome collection!!! It has everything a Police fan could want. It includes all 5 of the groups albums plus b sides,live versions of songs, and other rarities and of course you get all the hits you know and love. Its also really nice that this collection was pakced into 4 cds which makes for nice storage.It also includes an awsome book deatailing The Police's history!! I highly reccomend you buy this today!! you won't be sorry!
B0000542DJ|4.0|Oliver Stone has made a brilliant piece of filmmaking with JFK. He elicits brilliant perfromances in almost cameo roles from some of the finest actors working in film today.The story of new orleeans DA Jim Garrison's dogged attempts to secure indictments against someone[the someone is nebulous to Garrison] is the main strory here. Garrison stumble suopn a conspiracy so deep,so multilayerd, that it would appear that there were people lined uopn around the block to whack the president of the united states.The Salient point of this conspiracy theory for me is thsi:people in washington cant keep a secret for 30 minutes,never mind 30-40 YEARS. If you can sepaerate fact from fiction{and with JFK it is very difficult} you get an immensely satisfying thriller. Costner is serviceable as Garrison{Garrison himself has a cameo as Earl Warren], Jack Lemmon,and Ed Asner are excellent, Joe Pesci is brilliant a dave ferri, Tommy lee Jones understated as Clay Shaw, John candy as a shady N.O. lawyer, Gary Oldman as Lee Oswald is wonderfully paranoid ,though for me,Donald Sutherland steals the movie as &quot;X&quot;,in a ten minute tour `de force. This is a brilliant film,exquisitely shot, superbly acted,wonderfully concieved. I think it is by far Stones finest work[though Salvador is close}. Unfortunately, its conclusions are too far out and it  attempts to be a grand unifying theory of conspiracy theories and, in that loses some of its steam. That and Costners mediocore performance.
0425163407|5.0|Once again Patricia Cornwell produces a very fine book.  The plot of Unnatural Exposure is tight and well thought out.  The reader gets a good feel for the characters and understands them.  I don't agree that this book is a let down.  Others is this series may be better, but Unnatural Exposure did not turn me off from Ms. Cornwell.  This is a very good installment to a wonderful mystery series.  I would suggest that if you were just starting this series, go back to the beginning.  This series read out of order is no fun at all.  Ms. Cornwell does a good job of telling the reader what they need to know from the other books.  But you won't fully understand the characters and why they are like they are.  The Kay Scarpetta series is like a soap opera, you can figure out what is going on, but don't fully understand why.  These characters have been through a lot together, they understand each other, that is why they take so much abuse from each other.  The reader has to understand this too, or they won't be able to understand the abuse the characters can dish out to each other.  I'm not going to bore you with a rehash of the plot.  There was one point of the plot that bothered me; Ms. Cornwell let Dr. Scarpetta get sloppy in her morgue.  I don't understand why this had to happen, but you know we are all human, even fiction characters.  This is still a great read and a very fun series.  So get started, on the first one.
B00004T9UF|5.0|The Marshall Mathers LP is A GREAT CD! I think it is amazing how he comes up with all those lyrics, and I'm so happy he promoted Dido. I bought his first CD, and though it's powerful, it's good!  1.The Public Service Annoucement 2000 was funny. It may have been pretty harsh, but if it you look at it the right way, it's downright funny.  2.Kill You is a jumpy song, though the lyrics may be not-nice, it's brilliant the way he rhymes and jokes.  3.Stan was VERY good. Stan is just so real, it makes you think there was a real person who was soooo devoted, that he killed himself because his favorite singer wasn't answering his fan mail. Also, I like how he featured Dido, because she's got a good voice, and she did her part well. 7.The Way I Am is another one of my favorite tracks. It's jumpy, EXTRAORDINARILY smooth (written well), and it jumps out. It really shows that &quot;I am whatever you say I am&quot;, and expresses how he feels when people judge him.  8.The Real Slim Shady is like a sequel to the Slim Shady song, it's really funny, and I LOVE his views on Britney Spears and Christina Aguleira. 11.Marshall Mathers- the song everyone thinks is the worst. I think it's awesome, it's well written to show that he was and is &quot;just a regular guy&quot;. 12.Ken Kaniff (skit)- the one song I hate. It is not worth listen to, because it isn't a song, it's something I don't want to mention. 18.Criminal is probably my favorite song on the album. It's creative and really shows that people judge him, and other rappers unfairly. <br />I liked most of the songs. He's got a very rhythmic was of writing songs, and I think it makes them sound better.<br />I would net let kids under 11 or 12 listen to this though, the words are not very pleasant, and even the edited version still lets [some profanity] get through. <br />Otherwise, it's a good CD, and if you like rap, at least try it! Thank you
B00003CXIY|4.0|Road Trip is a pretty good movie although it borrows HEAVILY from Overnight Delivery (stars Paul Rudd and Reese Witherspoon). If you like sophmoric type humor and American Pie then you'll probably like this movie quite a bit. Be prepared to watch a silly movie when you go into this one. If you don't like the recent comedys that have been aimed at teenagers then you may not want to watch this one. I thought Road Trip was one of the better comedys of 2000 (Better than most but not as good as Little Nicky and on par with Meet the Parents). The DVD isn't that spectacular though. The sound and picture are both good, but the special add ons frankly arent that special.
B00004Z4Y8|5.0|st germaine is really good, his music sounds great and he is original. im sick of these people.....&quot;this is THEE ESENTIAL ALBUM OF FOREVER!!!!&quot; i would.nt say that about st germaine anyway. but this is a really fine album.
0679879269|5.0|The Amber Spyglass by Phillip Pullman<br />Synopsis- \\"Its all up to Will and Lyra now, the fate of the world is in their hands\\" This is a powerful book is the third in a trilogy known as the \\"His Dark Materials\\" trilogy and is based on two children from different realities, Will Parry and Lyra Silvertongue who both have extraordinary gifts. Lyra has an althiometer which she uses to find information out from and its always correct. Will on the other hand has a knife, which is able to cut through anything even worlds enabling him to travel to alternate realities. These two children have a mission to destroy the Authority who is also known as God, by simply surviving and then they must build the republic of heaven. To understand and to be able to read this book you must be open minded about religion because it calls God a Angel who is claiming to be God but he isn't but the authority, it has been prophesised by the witches, will be destroyed by eve or to you and me Lyra!  The Author has captured all the splendour of every thing used from people dying in the heat of battle, the consumption of peoples souls by mist-like beings known as spectres and even the talking armoured bears. The tale unfolds into a tragedy of death, love and broken hearts, one to read!
0790743213|4.0|I never really appreciated the geniusness of Alfred Hitchcock's work before viewing this film.  However, this film has it all. Hitchcock combines fast-paced non-stop action and suspense, great sound, and exceptional editing to produce this truly classic film.  The acting was also performed well.  Cary Grant (Roger O. Thornhill/George Kaplin) played a cool, calm, and collective, yet suave, innocent victim of mistaken identity.  His counterpart Eva Marie Saint (Eve Kendall), a great looking blond, performed admirably as a seductress and a spy.  As previously mentioned, the film is fast-paced non-stop action.  When the film was over, I could not believe that it was 136 minutes long.  The film was riveting. Hitchcock did a marvelous job of intertwining action and suspense.  A prime example was the scene in which Mr. Thornhill (driving drunk) was being pursued.  The chase scene showed some close \\"calls.\\"  Then, around a curve, it looked as if he was going to drive off the cliff into the water.  Another perfect example of weaving action and suspense was during the final scene of the movie.  But in the spirit of Hitchcock, to keep you in suspense, I refuse to divulge that information.  You will just have to watch the movie yourself!    The use of sound truly enhanced the film.  Sometimes it was used to create suspense, as in the aforementioned scenes, while other times used as a mood setter.  An example of the latter was the soft romantic background music when Mr. Thornhill and Eve Kendall were together in the train cabin room.  Hitchcock also used the sound especially well as a transition between scenes.  Even though I found the acting to be performed well, the pace and action exceptional, and the sound very enhancing, none of these could come close in comparison to the phenomenal job Hitchcock did with the editing.  The crown jewel of the film was the cut from Mt. Rushmore to the train bunk bed.  This was the best-edited film that I have seen.  Some films blend scenes together like mixing oil and water.  Hitchcock's scenes in this film are as \\"smooth as silk.\\"  That was not an easy feat considering the multiple locations and situations portrayed in the film and the equipment that he had to work with back in 1959.     I said that this was a \\"great\\" movie not a \\"perfect\\" movie.  I felt that there was a little continuity lost in the scene on the deserted road.  The viewer was given an overview that showed that Mr. Thornhill was out in the middle of \\"nowhere,\\" and all of a sudden, there were cars and trucks that came from who knows where.  Another scene that I felt lacked continuity was the scene in Eve's hotel room.  A valet was called to clean Mr. Thornhill's suit. He informed Mr. Thornhill that it would take about 25 minutes to clean it.  About five seconds later, we saw Mr. Thornhill leaving the hotel in a clean suit. It just seemed to quick.    Despite these relatively minor flaws, I consider this an excellent film.  I agree with those who say that Alfred Hitchcock was a pioneer in his field.  On a scale of 1-10, I would rate this film an 8.
B00004Z459|4.0|I would highly recommend this cd to heavy metal lovers of all kinds and for any one who likes sliknot or static x. Go out and by just to listen to one more step. They are hard rockin with some of the best guitar parts i have ever heard.GO AND BUY IT!!!!.
6300216039|4.0|The essence of William Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet is magnificently captured in this 1968 rendition directed by Franco Zeffirelli.  His decision to use teenagers in the starring roles verses older actors brings realism to the story.  It is like a \\"breathe of fresh air.\\"  Leonard Whiting does an excellent job portraying Romeo.  I especially enjoyed the Capulet ball scenes.  Whiting (Romeo) enters the ball wearing a mask in order to conceal his identity.  Fittingly, it is the mask of a cat.  Throughout the scenes at the ball we see Romeo on the prowl.  It seems as if he is playing a cat and mouse game with Juliet (Olivia Hussey) being the mouse.  Once their eyes meet, he cannot let her out of his sight.  He continues to maneuver to get closer and closer to her.  He even makes some unsuccessful attempts to \\"catch\\" her as depicted in the dance scenes.  However, this \\"cat\\" will not be denied, he persists until eventually he catches her and they share a tender kiss.  Hussey also plays her role extremely well.  At first she seems totally unaware of the \\"danger\\" she is in.  She is like a beautiful gazelle totally unaware of the lion  (Romeo) stalking her.  Once her eyes meet his, her heart, like that of a frightened gazelle begins to pound rapidly.  Her face gives the audience the impression that she is confused as to which course of action she should take \\"fight or flight.\\"   She decides \\"flight\\", but it is too late, she is already \\"caught\\" by his paralyzing gaze.    Another phenomenal aspect of this series of scenes is the solo being sung while this \\"cat and mouse\\" game unfolds.  A young man sings \\"Juliet's theme\\" magnificently.  To me, this is far and away the highlight of the entire film.  I had \\"goose bumps\\" throughout my entire body just listening to it.  This theme was the thread that wove this film together like a great tapestry.  It was used on no less than ten occasions, however, the singing of it was clearly the most powerful use of the song in the film.  I will buy the soundtrack just for this version.  The timing of this song was crucial to the film because it set the stage for what was to follow in the film.  I have heard the tune many times in the before, however, I had never heard the lyrics before.   I think the lyrics contributed as much if not more to the film than the melody. Pasulino De Santis won an Oscar for best cinematography and deservedly so.  However, I feel that Nino Rota deserved an Oscar for the job extremely well done in the area of sound.   This film is definitely a \\"classic\\".  I wish that I had seen it sooner.  It should be required viewing in school.  I think that William Shakespeare himself would have enjoyed this rendition of one of his most famous works.
6303921248|5.0|The film follows the novel faithfully; the casting and acting is superb.  For instance, Jennifer Ehrle is the perfect Elizabeth, with beautiful dark eyes, sweetness and wit.  Colin Firth creates a fuller Darcy from the limited information provided in the text.   Often he must appear without speaking, and his eyes convey not only haughtiness, but also intelligence and vulnerability.  The only casting I would take issue with is Adrian Lukis as Wickham. His effeteness perhaps sets the stage for the revelation of his perfidy, but he is neither handsome enough nor suave enough to give credence to Elizabeth's initial strong attraction to him.  Therefore, the central plot twist of Elizabeth's revelation that she has championed Wickham because his preference for her was flattering while Darcy on first  acquaintance had insulted her loses force; Wickham is too insipid to be a general favorite   or a believable counterforce to Darcy.<br />The personalities and appearances of many of the other characters -- such as Mrs. Bennet, Caroline  Bingley, and Mr. Collins -- were delightfully exaggerated, and the enactment of the idiosyncracies of each provides wonderful detail and many hilarious moments.<br />The sets, the costumes, the props, the interior and exterior of Darcy's estate at Pemberly all contribute to the realization of the essence of the novel.  Reading the novel enhances seeing the film and vice versa.<br />Without a doubt this is the best of the Austen novels brought to the screen; it is an Austen admirer's dream.  Viewing the entire film takes about six hours, and I would advise you to start early because once you begin you'll want to go straight through to the end.
B00000J7JO|5.0|This album is nothing compared to how I thought it was. Many people like the classic Blood Sugar Sex Majic better than this one. But this is one of my favorite rock albums of 1999. The singles were more of the GREATEST ON THE ALBUM. Then there's great songs like Parallel Universe that have great sounds of all the instruments. It also gets into a different pace than the typical NIN song. Also Easily is more heavy than most of the tracks on Californication. Porcelain is a slow song that is lulliblic. Then the new paces for the next songs I Like Dirt and Emit Remmis. All of the tracks are pretty cool on this album. Worth the money
0792844793|1.0|I was really looking forward to seeing this one. I had heard nothing but great things about it, especially Dennis Hopper's disturbing portrayal. Now my only question is, why did Hopper agree to be associated with this trash?  The film makes a bold-but unsuccessful-attempt at delving just under the surface of small-town America. The result is a convoluted, over-acted, downright laughable piece of grade-A garbage. The only reason I gave it one star is that there was no choice for ZERO. A whodunit? How about a whocareswhodunit? Don't waste your time with this. There are more exciting and/or fulfilling things to do in life, like licking stamps or folding socks.
0552131067|4.0|The word on the street is that Pratchett flew out of the gate with this series, hit a downward slide, and then took his time settling back into the Discworld groove.  'Mort', book number four, strikes me as the beginning of the downward slide.  Don't get me wrong, it's a fun book, filled with imagination, humour, drama, and rich characters.  But it doesn't do much to further this author's reputation.<br />In terms of narrative, it actually bears a strong resemblance to book #2, 'The Light Fantastic'.  In both stories, a supernatural entity slowly moves towards destroying the Discworld (or at least altering it in unimaginable ways).  However, the red star from 'Light' is much more menacing than the device Pratchett conjures up here.  It's an &quot;interface&quot;, representing a thwarted reality, threatening to correct a mistake.  My powers of explanation don't do it justice, I know, but Pratchett's do.  It's an interesting concoction, but hardly menacing enough to justify the dramatic suspense it's meant to carry.  That's really my only complaint here.<br />The strength of the Discworld series is that Pratchett is a master at taking a simple premise (e.g., What if the wizard charged with saving the world couldn't perform any spells?  How would the first female wizard be treated?) and fleshing it out over the length of an enjoyable book.  Here, he asks: What would happen if Death took a holiday (an allusion to the movie that inspired 'Meet Joe Black')?  Well, we certainly get an answer.  And yes, Pratchett's sense of humour is intact.  Witness his description of Mort's (Death's apprentice) duties in the horse stables:  &quot;Some jobs offer increments.  This one offered -- well, quite the reverse.&quot;  I was knocked backwards when I caught that one!  It's the kind of joke that shows Pratchett's verbal dexterity, as well as his complete trust that his audience will be paying attention.<br />Pratchett's real achievement is his depiction of the afterworld. Death's lair uses the same cliched symbols we've all seen before (hourglasses show how much time everyone has left to live; a library features instantaneously self-updating books representing all individual's life narratives; Death is a skeleton in a black cloak, wielding a menacing scythe).  But it compares favourably with Albert Brooks' movie 'Defending Your Life' for its quite ingenious and original (and wonderfully self-referential) rendering of the mechanics of death.
B00003CXE6|5.0|This movie is incredible! It's a little intense for people with mild tolerence, but definately worth seeing. I've seen it multiple times, and it's just as good every time as it was the time before. You'll love this movie..Incredibly well directed..Ridley Scott gets a 10 out of 10 on this one from me..Incredible!
B000005RFQ|5.0|Black Sabbath had just released two excellent albums with new lead singer Ronnie James Dio(who replaced the great Ozzy). However, Dio left the band to pursue a solo career and was replaced by former Deep Purple vocalist Ian Gillan. I think this was a change for the better. Born Again is my favorite Black Sabbath album of all time. It starts out with the straight out rocker &quot;Trashed.&quot; The line &quot;I was laughing, the bitch was trashed...,&quot; alone shows that this song rocks. My favorite line in the album comes from the song &quot;Disturbing the Priest.&quot; &quot;Your life is contridiction, because of crucifiction.&quot; The album also gets more solid with songs such as &quot;Zero the Hero&quot; and &quot;Digital Bitch.&quot; However, the most powerful song on the album is the title track. This song features an eerily calm guitar riff from Tony Iommi and is a metal ballad before the days of Poison and Warrant. All these songs put together make Born Again my favorite Black Sabbath album. Unfortunatly, this was the sole release from this colaboration of Sabbath. Gillen left the band to join a reunited Deep Purple and Geezer Butler did not like the way the band was headed. For the next almost 15 years Tony Iommi would be on his own.
B00003CXAT|1.0|Sound quality for Widescreen Dolby 5.1 version is lousy.  Very little action from the sub-woofer and nothing from the surround speakers.  Yes, my settings are fine, Private Ryan still sounded great.  I was really looking forward to J-P since it is one of the best sound movies ever made.  Since I already have VHS version, the DVD was a total waste of money.  As far as the movie itself goes, I still love it.
B000002UAU|5.0|I don't usually tend to agree with the idea that this album is the greatest album of all-time. Don't get me wrong, there are some great songs on this album that were made into even bigger hits by other artists then they were for the Beatles(Elton John:&quot;Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds,&quot; Joe Cocker:&quot;With a Little Help from my Friends&quot;). However, there is no doubt in my mind that this is not the greatest album of all-time. Other then the two songs that I just listed, other good songs featured on this album are the title track,&quot;Getting Better,&quot; &quot;Fixing a Hole,&quot; and one of my personal favorite Beatle songs &quot;A Day in the Life.&quot; Any song that is about an LSD trip has got to be great. Other than those songs the rest of album is pure filler. It's not necessarily there worst set of songs but it's certainly not their best. Nevertheless, Sgt. Pepper will always go down in history.
0671867369|5.0|I picked this book up after getting hooked by Donald Burgett in his books Currahee and Seven roads to Hell and because Ambrose is a name to trust when buying WWII books, and was not disappointed what-so-ever!  This book discusses one specific company of Screaming Eagles and their 3 main campaigns in Normandy, Holland, and Bastogne.  It vividly portrays the terror and tears of what it was like to be there.  It covers  training in the states before Normandy, the battles, and finally the celebration when the war is over and the eagles find themselves in Hitler's nest surrounded with Nazi wine.  But by following only one company you grow to really like this group...Great book, pick it up!
B000002UAR|5.0|In my opinion, this album is when the Beatles really started to get good. Don't get me wrong, i'm not saying that the Beatles were bad before they released this album, that is certainly not the truth, but this is the album where they really started to get creative. This creativity is shown on the eerie string in &quot;Eleanor Rigby&quot; and the sound effect filled backround on &quot;Yellow Submarine.&quot; The album also has songs that are more like the Beatles of old such as &quot;Got to get you into my Life&quot; and &quot;Good Day Sunshine.&quot; It also features one of my personal favorites, the Harrison classic &quot;Taxman.&quot; This is also the album that, in my opinion, first showed the Beatles were under the influence of something. This is showed on the John Lennon zone-out song &quot;Tomorrow Never Knows.&quot; All this combined make Revolver the first great Beatle album.
B0000524E5|1.0|'Coyote Ugly' often gets compared to 'Flashdance'and sort of falls in the same genre, but it lacks both the charme and the choreography that made 'Flashdance' a success. It is hard to blame the actors for the failure to maintain the audience's interest, they simply didn't have anything to work with. The plot is entirely predicable, and all the characters (how did they do that?) remain without any depth. As a result, the different plots running through this feature appear strangely unrelated, maybe because as a viewer one just doesn't get engaged. Easily one of the worst offerings in the last 12 months, maybe ever.
B000002UDB|5.0|In my opinion, this album can easily compare to the likes of Sgt. Pepper, Abbey Road, or the White Album. This album features weird, trippy tunes like &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever&quot; and &quot;I am the Walrus&quot; and well as happy and upbeat songs like &quot;Penny Lane&quot; and &quot;Hello, Goodbye.&quot; These songs impress me because of their complex arrangement and wide variety of the instruments as well as the inovative songwriting of Lennon and McCartney. Obviously i'm not the only one who thinks this because this album features four top ten hits, three number one hits, and seven songs on the Beatles greatest hits 67-70 CD.
B00004WGC4|5.0|This is perhaps my favorite show of all time.  Although only twelve episodes were made (perhaps a good thing--I'd rather have 12 outstanding episodes than have it stretched out to 24 so-so episodes), it is plumb hilarious.  Since a mere online review cannot explain how funny the show is, suffice it to say that I HIGHLY recommend the investment in the complete series.  Here's a sampling of what goes in at F. T.:<br />Mrs. Richards:  Now, I've booked a very quiet room with a bath and a sea view...<br />Manuel:  Que?<br />Mrs. Richards:  K?<br />Manuel:  Si.<br />Mrs. Richards:  C?  K. C.?  What are you trying to say?<br />Manuel:  No, Que what.<br />Mrs. Richards:  &quot;K what&quot;?<br />Manuel:  Si--que what.<br />Mrs. Richards:  C. K. What?  Who's C. K. What?<br />[M gives a funny look]<br />Mrs. Richards:  Is he the manager?<br />Manuel:  Oh, manager!<br />Mrs. Richards:  He is?<br />Manuel:  Mr. Fawlty.<br />Mrs. Richards:  What?<br />Manuel:  Fawlty.<br />Mrs. Richards, walking away to POLLY:  What areyou talking about, you silly little man?  [To POLLY]What is going on here?  I ask for my room and he says the manager is a Mr. What, aged 40.<br />Manuel:  No, FAWLTY!<br />Mrs. Richards:  Faulty?  What's wrong with him?<br />Mrs. Richards continues to think Basil's name is &quot;Mr. What,&quot; which results in confusion:<br />Mrs. R:  Are you the manager?<br />Basil:  No, I'm the owner.<br />Mrs. R:  I want to see the manager.<br />Basil:  I'm the manager too.<br />Mrs. R:  What?<br />Basil, louder:  I'm the manager!<br />Manuel:  Manager, he manager.  [Basil slaps Manuel in the chest]<br />Mrs. R:  Oh.  You're What.<br />Basil, very loudly:  I'M THE MANAGER!<br />Mrs. R:  I know, you've just told me.  What's the matter with you? -from &quot;Communications Problems&quot; (from memory, so not quite verbatim).
B000002UAR|2.0|The hype generated by the VH1 poll naming this as the #1 rock album of all time should be downplayed.  The poll was conducted among only musicians and critics, not the record buying public. Although this should be in the top 100, it probably shouldn't be in the top 50.<br />Taxman and She Said are great, but are offset by Yelow Sub and Tomorrow Never Knows. Eleanor and Here, There &amp; Everywhere are orchestral.  The album is average at best, but I say 2-stars.
B00004ZAV3|4.0|This is a very good compilation, although nothing new for big fans that already have all The Beatles original recordings, it shows the new generations the great talent of the Fab Four. It also makes you think how in the old days a group could take so many songs up to number one, unlike today that a gruop with a number one hit practically disappears the next month.<br />I just don't understand one thing about 1: I've always known that Please Please Me was their first number 1 hit. So where is it? If anybody knows why this title was excluded, please please let me know at beni1976@hotmail.com
B000053ZRQ|5.0|For those of you, like me, who were lucky enough to see Bon Jovi perform on their Crush tour this past fall, this is a video that needs to be purchased. The performances are amazing; in particular, old school songs like &quot;Livin on a Prayer&quot; and &quot;Wanted Dead or Alive&quot; and Crush tunes &quot;It's My Life&quot; and &quot;Captain Crash and the Beauty Queen from Mars&quot; are stand outs. Their performance of &quot;I'll Be There For You&quot; is surprisingly one of the best, in an emotional and passionate display. &quot;Bad Medicine&quot; and &quot;I'll Sleep When I'm Dead&quot; are fun favorites, as well as the haunting &quot;Bed of Roses.&quot;  For those who wish to remember a performance they have already seen, or for those who wish to get a taste of what may be in store for future concerts, this video is a must-have.
B0000541AM|2.0|Not all that. Action isn't interresting at all. Unless you're between the ages of 13 to when ever a person grows-up...lol. IT'S BORING! But, viewing is not for those under 17.
B00004T9UF|5.0|WHAT CAN YOU SAY ABOUT THIS ALBUM EXCEPT FOR SITTING BACK AND ADMIRING IT! THE MOMENT I TURNED IT ON, I KNEW I WOULD PROBABLY BE OFFENDED AS MANY PEOPLE PROBABLY HAVE BEEN. BUT THE CONTENT AND LYRICAL FLOW IN THIS ALBUM IS AMAZING WITH GREAT RAPPERS LIKE DRE AND CO. IN IT WHAT MORE COULD U ASK FOR? SONGS LIKE MARSHALL MATHERS AND CRIMINAL WILL MAKE YOU COME BACK FOR MORE AND MORE AND MORE.
B00004Z4WR|5.0|CAGE stars in another great movie. One of his best since the movie, &quot;The Rock&quot;. As the scenes change in the movie, the plot is never lost. Some funny times in the movie are low keyed, but the action and drama is high. All the actors in this movie are good and play their parts great. The climax, is unsubspecting yet is a great ending for the movie's story. And, with the new graffics used in movies today, this one isn't over-done. I rate it a &quot;5&quot; cause Cage is one of my favorates. 4 out of 5 chances, you'll like it too.
B000002LK1|2.0|The album might be catchy, but it's not too in depth, lyrically and musically. A must have for understanding how DM made it in the US. People seem to pick up on the lowest material from a band and make it sound fantastic.
B00000J7JO|5.0|If you didn't like the work of former guitarist Dave Nevarro on One Hot Minute, or even if you did, you will have to agree that this is the most perfectly executed RHCP album of all.  The coolest thing about it is it has tremendous variety, with songs like the smashing Savior and the beautiful, placid Road Trippin'.  Road Trippin' is a beautiful song that may surprise you.  It shows another side to the RHCP that you may not have heard before.  Frusicante's guitar adds the perfect flavor and really fits in better than Nevarro did.  I really reccomend Californication.  This album rocks!
6304119046|5.0|I enjoyed watching this film very much.  I think that the music, lighting, acting, and every other aspect were done extremely well.  The acting was very well done.  I was extremely surprised to find out that when this film was made the majority of the actors were not very famous at the time.  Orson Welles was amazing as Charles Kane throughout the years.  The ending was unexpected but also something so simple-minded that it adds so much to the movie.  Towards the beginning when Charles drops the snow globe, the way the camera follows the snow globe to the floor adds to the scene.  The way he says his last word adds to the movie also.  The way that Charles is not talking to anyone, there is nobody in the room, the way he just mutters the word out as he takes his last breath.  I think that Agnes Moorehead did a wonderful job as Charles' mother when he was a young boy.  I think that she did one of the best acting jobs in the whole movie, even though she had a very small part.  I also like how Mr. Thompson seemed to be going around in circles looking for the answer to the Rosebud mystery.  I also liked how throughout the majority of the movie we were seeing everything from Mr. Thompson's point of view.  Another thing I really liked about the movie is that we were seeing the stories that everybody was telling Mr. Thompson about Charles Kane.  Another thing I like is that if you really watch and pay attention you can pick up much more about Charles, his life, and messages in the movie.  It seems strange that you could base a whole movie around one word, and the movie would be so good and so interesting.  I think that if you really watch the movie and pay attention very closely the ending, finding out what Rosebud means will not be as surprising as it could be.  The way that everything seems to be sprung from Charles' childhood and how his parents sent him to live with Thatcher is real interesting.  The way Kane turned out how he did and why he did most of the things he did seem to be from the dreaded childhood that he had.  The way that all of the events of Kane's life were put together in the movie was very cleverly done; I think that helped make the film more understandable and interesting.  So all around I have to say that I really enjoyed this film and would very much recommend it to everyone.
B000003TA4|5.0|When Nirvana dropped their first album, &quot;Bleach&quot;, it was remarkably unpopular.  The people thought that it was another trash c.d. made to stimulate the minds of the angry youth.  On the contrary, around 1995, when &quot;Nevermind&quot; came out, people started to speculate about the assumptions that destroyed &quot;Bleach&quot; and totally changed their unjust bias.  The reason this happened is because &quot;Nevermind&quot; is probably one of the best c.ds of our time.  With the radio hits &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit&quot;, &quot;Come As You Are&quot;, &quot;In Bloom&quot;, &quot;Lithium&quot; and &quot;Polly&quot;, how can you go wrong?  Besides these songs, the c.d. contains many punk-rock hits, acoustic hits and lots of others to jam to.  In my opinion, and obviously many other people's opinions, this c.d. is revolutionary.  It's a must have.  Peace out, Jonathan
B000001FS3|5.0|This album succeeds on so many levels--artistically, melodically, spiritually, and, of course, commercially.  Whenever I hear it, I'm struck by the combination of deeply heartfelt performances and endlessly-listenable songs.  The darkness of the subject matter is balanced perfectly by the soulfulness of the delivery.  All the songs are great but some, especially &quot;Running to Stand Still&quot; and &quot;One Tree Hill&quot; are as moving and beautifully haunting as any songs I've ever heard.
0425132153|5.0|Forget Harry Potter et al, this book is a true gem. I have read it about 7 times since I bought it as a college sci fi/horror fan. It did not fulfill my expectations in those fields, but is a tresured part of my library long after Stephen King &amp;co have been given away. Funny beyond belief and accessible at all levels. A similar and exellent book is &quot;The princess bride&quot;.My only complaint is why no sequel? The characters have become like old friends and the closest to them Ive met since are in the movie Dogma also highly recomended.
6300274195|5.0|Although I love Dumbo I have to skip over some scenes that break my heart to this day...when he is taken away from his mother(because she came to his defense from some bullies) and Timothy mouse takes him to see her I cry EVERY time. Because they can't touch, she extends her trunk and he sits in it with his tiny trunk wrapped lovingly around hers as she swings him and &quot;Baby Mine&quot; starts...later he and Timothy inadvertently get drunk and &quot;Pink Elephants on Parade&quot; begins which is one of the best animated sequences in any of the Disney classics. At the time this was made some of the animators were having a wage dispute with Walt Disney and when the clowns sing &quot;We're Gonna Hit the Big Boss for a Raise&quot; they were sending him a message. Dumbo was supposed to be on the cover of Time magazine but it got bounced because of the breakout of World War II. The Crows are another one of the many high points of this remarkable feature. A must for any Disney library.
0783222955|5.0|There are many reasons to love this film.  First, the performances turned in by the actors -- the casting in this film is perfect, and Gregory Peck has one of his all-time best performances in this film.  The children (Jem and Scout) turn in amazing performances also, along with Robert Duvall and several of the other characters.<br />Secondly, the message of this film will hopefully continue to influence people for years to come.  It is a message our society still apparently needs judging from what you read in the newspaper.<br />Another reason this film is wonderful is that it very closely approximates the mood and feel created by the book, which was superb.  In my opinion, seldom is a film adapted from a book &quot;up to snuff&quot;, but this one is.  In her book, Harper Lee told this story in a very effective way by choosing to let us see the incidents from a child's point of view, without adult interpretation.  We are left to draw our own conclusions.  The film is true to that, and some of the incidents actually have more of an impact using this device.<br />Black and white filming absolutely suits this film, and the filming and direction are simply excellent, and the viewer is completely drawn in to this small community and the events of this story.  In short, it's just an excellent film.
0671646788|5.0|This is a &quot;must read&quot; book. This book has opened my eyes to so many things. I immediately shared it with my husband. We have set goals and thanks to this book we know how to achieve them. I have a homebased business and have recommened it to everyone in my unit. My husband and I are committed to achieve greatness in our lives and have begun to pratice what the book teaches.
0679721037|4.0|Hiroshima, by John Hershey, is a great reading experience.  The tales of the six survivors of the A-Bomb weave an interesting and thrilling story of what nuclear warfare is like.  The discriptions in the book are vivid and thought provoking, giving a graphic, yet accurate depiction of the bombing.  I believed the book was an interesting aproach to the horrors of WWII.
B00000J6AG|5.0|With over 400 reviews so far it is hard to add much new except to say that this album was easily one of the best of the 90s and maybe the best of 1999.  While Moby is usually classified as dance there are also elements of rock, rap, punk, gospel, soul, blues, and classical in his songs.  My personal favorite tracks are Honey, Find my baby, Porcelain, South Side, Bodyrock, Natural blues, Run on, Inside, and The sky is broken.  While I think the new version of South Side with Gwen Stefani is a little better, the original album version is still very good.  The bottom line is Moby fans will really enjoy this album and I think people who aren't necessarily Moby fans will like it.  I wasn't a big Moby fan before picking this up, but this album will sway anyone to Moby's side.
158234082X|5.0|Great Book!  I hightly recommend!  It was well written (easy-to-read, flowed well, great vocabulary, well balanced with humor and seriousness, painted a great picture of a 'life-in-the-life-of').  I especially enjoyed it having worked in the restaurant industry for a period of time, but anyone would enjoy it!  Definitely shows the dark side a bit, but I believe it's a reality!
B00001IVOF|5.0|Hell on Earth might actually be a better album than the Mobb's classic The Infamous.  Havoc lays down terrific hardcore beats while he and Prodigy drop their usual street rhymes.  While The Infamous had classic songs like Shook Ones Pt. 2, Hell on Earth is probably a better all-around album.  There is not a bad song on the entire album, although Animal Instinct, Extortion, Man Down, Can't Get Enough of It, Nighttime Vultures, GOD Part 3, and Give It Up Fast stood out to me.  As usual, there are great guest spots by fellow QB artists like Nas, Big Noyd, along with Method Man and Raekwon, among others.  All in all, Hell on Earth is one of the best hardcore albums ever and it was probably the top rap album of 1996.
0440234743|4.0|I have a habit of buying Grisham novels as soon as they come out in paper back.  I let this one age a few years because I had reached the saturation point of reading Grisham.  This one was all the more pleasant to read after an extended dry spell.<br />Testament tells the story of the disposal of Troy Phelan's billions.  His children have been circling like sharks waiting for the blessed day when Troy expires,which he manages to orchestrate with dramatic flair.  Troy laughs from his grave watching lawyers predictably labor to carve themselves bigger pieces of the Phelan pie.  Much to the surprise of children and lawyers Troy leaves his entire estate to unknown illegitimate daughter Rachel Lane, who works as a missionary to native tribes in the Pantanal district of Brazil.<br />Recently rehabbed Lawyer Nate O'Riley is sent to locate Rachel and read her the will.  This trip brings a metamorphic experience to the  lawyer.  Nate finds Rachel to be a person of such simple integrity with her belief in a higher being that he longs for the same.<br />While I do not rate this as high as some of Grisham others,  I found it to be an extremely enjoyable book.  I particularly enjoyed the story of Nate's journey to Brazil.
0782008372|1.0|*Edit* I don't know how this review got here, since I wrote it about the (awful) \\"10th anniversary edition\\" and NOT about this \\"Immortal\\" edition, which hadn't even been released by the time I wrote this. //<BR>You will not find a worse image quality on DVD even if you tried! First, it is appalling to sell a letterbox transfer as \\"state of the art\\", as it says on the box. Only an anamorphic transfer derserves to be called that.... The picture is so bad, I truely have seen better looking VHS-tapes. The people at \\"Widescreen Review\\" must have been drunk or bribed to rate it 4.5 - there simply is no other reasonable explanation. The noise in some scenes is so bad, it looks like snowflakes - this cannot be attributed solely to the high-speed film used for some parts of the movie. Diagonal lines are completely torn up by the lack of resolution. There are artifacts of all kinds throughout the movie. It is a shame! The sound quality is very disappointing, too - this is what you get when you try to squeeze a stereo master into the 5.1 format - very unnatural sounds with artificial, reverberated ambience and dialogues. Some very disturbing noise (hiss) is clearly audible, too. I have to use all my discipline not to resort to very personal, R-rated comments about the studio and producers who are responsible for this terrible DVD. Too bad, because this classic movie would have deserved much better.
B000002N2Z|5.0|Some bands like Slipknot and Powerman 5000, while great bands, are aggressive because that's the only type of music they can play. Not so with the Deftones. While most songs are loud and moshable, there's still a melodic edge to them. There are great songs to jump around to like Nosebleed, 7 Words, and Engine no. 9, melodic masterpieces like One Weak, Birthmark, and Fireal, and combinations of both like Minus Blindfold, Lifter and Root (best song on the CD). The hidden track sounds like the hidden track on Tool's Opiate album, but that's okay 'cause they both rock. The only song that I don't like is Bored. If you liked this album, check out the Opiate EP by Tool. It's only 6 songs, but they're all very good.
0393317552|5.0|History has never come alive as well as in this book.  I've read numerous books on history including Conquests &amp; Cultures, but I've never read so stunning a discussion as this one.  His life experiences and first hand accounts throughout the globe tied in with other's research made for a  compelling and well thought out book.
6304609825|5.0|I am 14 and this has got be my favorite movie in the world.  It's sooo cute and romantic. I love it and someday wish to by a copy.
078324228X|5.0|This film gave me a sense of freedom of soul when I was depressed.  It also made me realize power of believing in somebody's soul.  It's sometimes very difficult for me to trust others around me or to make them trust me.   But if you have courage to go on what you are doing, you can see sky as beautiful as &quot;love and justice&quot; sometime in the future.   That's what this film taught me.  Actually some episode seemed too romantic for me, for example three Canadaian men and women are too kind and naive. However, the performance of Denzel Washington is wonderful.  I rate this film as five stars mainly because of his realizing of a real story of a real man.   He is fantastic.
6302820448|5.0|This is a movie that seems to get better each time I see it and I'm sure I've seen it over 20 times.  I poke fun at people who watch the same movie more than once and cannot get enough of Phil, Rita, and Phil, the big rat.  Bill Murray says this film is special.  Folks, it is pure magic.
B00003CXE7|5.0|In the same vain as monumental action/historical pictures: Spartacus and Braveheart to name a few. Gladiator serves well to keep the tradition strong. The story of General Maximus of the Roman Empire is an inspiring journey of persaverence and elevation despite the odds. Maximus is ousted from Rome during a cruel conspiracy headed by the less than moral &quot;heir apparent&quot; Commadus. Without divulging any key information, subsequently this is when the &quot;fun begins&quot;. During his odyssey he is transformed into an entertainer for the masses who crave the blood and guts arena in which he performs. An overlooked screenplay is blanketed by the unreal vivid action scenes. These seat gripping scenes are ultra violent, but fit well within the context of the story. So, I feel comfortable attending this movie with a mature twelve year old. If you have the chance, I suggest you view this movie in a wide screen DVD environment to capture the true essence of this great movie!!
0671042858|3.0|A nine-year-old girl and her family go on a six-mile trip on the Maine-New Hampshire branch of the Appalachian Trial. Trisha McFarland goes on this adventure to leave the city and forget their problems at home. Later her old brother, Pete,and her recently divorced mother start arguing. Trish wanders off, then realizes that her mom and Pete are nowhere to be found. She tries to catch up by taking a short cut, but finds herself lost as she goes on. As the night start to fall, she tries to find a place to rest and sleep for the night, but as soon as she tries her mind takes over. Then she finds herself scared walking around the woods finding a slaughtered animal, and thinking that a &quot;THING&quot; is watching her every move. The only thing that keeps her in contact with civilization is her Walkman, on which she listens to the broadcast of the Boston Red Sox baseball games and follows every performance of her favorite pitcher Tom Gordon. As her Walkman's batteries go low, Trisha starts to imagine her favorite Red Sox player Tom Gordon. Then days later her luck turns worse and she has all kind of misfortunes.<br />This book is a mystery and suspense book that keeps you on the edge of your chair. I recommend this book to anybody that likes mystery and suspense books because Stephen King makes the characters seem real and this problem can happen to anyone.
B00000I8NC|5.0|Another great release from godspeed!    This Montreal group really knows what they are doing.  Great instrumental rock going on.   My personal favourite is, &quot;Moya&quot;, which can be found on this album.
B0000009SF|5.0|Quite simply put,  this is Franks best album. All of the instruments sound great, the soloing is magnificent  and the compositions are very sophisticated.  The rhythm is very funky and the horns are a blazen.  The album quietly ends with &quot;Blessed Relief&quot; which is the most beautiful song Frank has ever written. Enjoy! And then when you are done listening to it, run out and buy Hot Rats.
B0000046KM|5.0|This is not only my favorite Shirley Horn collection, it is also one of my favorite jazz CD's.  Shirley was intensely involved in the selection of the songs and the musical production, and had final say on all aspects of this collection, so it truly speaks with her musical voice.  Not only is it an exquisite collection of beautiful music, it is very romantic.  This is one of the CD's that I reach for over and over, and sets the mood for a romantic meal or evening perfectly.  This CD is truly a masterpiece.
006019250X|4.0|This book was a phenomenonally superb tale of a dream realized. After reading this book I became aware of all the dreams I had let fade away. The author keeps you reading -- I couldn't put it down. If you pick up this book, I promise that at somepoint before you read the last sentnece you will see your own dreams and have a desire to pursue them. This book is great for anyone who needs a motivational shove or is the type of person that believes in his or her dreams. I highly recommend it!
0553275976|5.0|A contemporary classic, detailing the social dynamics of the 80s. Perfect in every way, form, function and style, it was &quot;unputdownable&quot;.
0441172717|5.0|Dune                                Dune                    By Frank Herbert.<br />This Hugo and Nebula Award winner tells the story of a desert planet called Arrakis. Arrakis is the sole source of Melange, The \\"spice of spices\\".  The trouble begins when the emperor transfers stewardship of Arrakis from the Harkonnen Noble house to house Atreides. The Harkonnens don't want to give up their privilege so they launch a secret attack with the emperor against the Atreides. Despite this attempt the young Paul Atreides manages to escape to the Fremin (the Fremin are a desert people) with his mother. After a few years of training Paul raises the Fremin against the Harkonnens. Meanwhile the emperor has still not admitted that he helped to destroy the Atreides. In the end Paul defeats the Harkonnens and the Emperor and tales the throne.  This was written by Rene Moehler.
B00004U8P9|5.0|Incredibly funny, brilliantly ironic piece of film history, and the disc is great from top to bottom.  Okay, almost.  The disc includes the film's original mono sound track which is almost preferable to the sometimes odd sounding 5.1 mix, but the near master quality of the image and extras make up for it easily.  The disc includes two different versions of the film as well as a hidden version using the planned but never completed black and white opening (trust me, it's THE way to watch the film).  The plethora of extras are all a hoot, although Tim Curry should really just drop the &quot;I've moved on from all that&quot; act and just enjoy the madness and have taken part in this collection given his performance is ninety percent of what people talk about when they talk &quot;Rocky Horror&quot;.  Particularly enjoyable is the Richard O'Brien and Patricia Quinn commentary, it's refreshing to hear two old friends and professionals just kicking back and talking about the work they did.  Great disc, kudos to the suits at Fox.
0316234753|5.0|My children love all the Ed Emberley books.  They discovered one at our local library and then found several at their school library.  By the looks of these well-used library books, many families have shared the joy of drawing with Ed and each other!  He makes it so simple that my 5-year-old can readily render this art; I think Ed made these books remembering his love for art when he was about 5.   My 9 year old and my 5 year old also enjoy these books; we are getting our own copies today!
B0000542DJ|1.0|This is a great film except the only factual event portrayed by Oliver Stone was that JFK was assassinated! Jim Garrison is one of the more despicable figures in American history, and Stone glorifying him is downright wrong. I find it interesting that Stone's version of events stops short of Garrison getting hauled into federal court and ordered...ordered! by the sitting federal judge to leave Clay Shaw alone. If you don't believe me, read False Witness by Patricia Lambert. She de-bunks the Garrison myth with actual facts. In fact, the History Channel just aired a documentary based on her book, and Oliver Stone refused to be interviewed for it. Read the book, throw away the movie. Distorting history like Stone did is shameless.
B00004XONN|4.0|&quot;Kid A&quot; polarizes people for the a number of reasons. It's an intensely abstract album which has does not have much lyrical narrative in it's songs, and it shifts from the sublimely mellow (&quot;How to Disappear Completely&quot;) to the harshly agressive(&quot;Idioteque&quot;) without any transitional flow. It's an expression of Radiohead's artistry, which inevitable means that it has ambitions for itself which are virtually unattainable. In my opinion, &quot;Kid A&quot; is an album which defies all barriers of convention, as it takes it's own path into the edgy, experimental realms of music making. I agree with the people who say that it takes time and concentration to really &quot;get into&quot; this album, but I don't agree with the people who say it is simply impossible to do so. One aspect that puts it above the rest is it's audacious sense of diversity, sounds such as guitar riffs are integrated with the squeals of electronica music, the beats of keyboards and even the roars of tubas. As usual, lead singer Thom Yorke's evocative, ghostly voice turns each track into a soul of it's own, resonating with the kind of profound longing which immediately gets under the skin. &quot;Kid A&quot; may not be as accessible as &quot;OK Computer&quot;, and it does at times meander into the terminally abstruse, but overall, it is a bravely conceived, brilliantly crafted album which proves that maybe rock music isn't dead after all. It's just different.
B0000026NC|5.0|In high school, at Pink Floyd's height of popularity, I hadbarely heard 3 of their tunes, dismissing them.... One day, about 8 years later, while driving along the highway after another long day at the office, I suddenly had this intense need to hear Comfortably Numb. From that point I found that Floyd was the one artist in my collection that was best appreciated on a far deeper level than simple listening. Having set the atmosphere with the help of some star filled evenings, I have often experienced their music in a way that only a 'true' artist could have meant it to be experienced. There have been moments in my life where the sound of such great songs like 'Shine On...', 'Comfortably Numb', 'Us And Them' and 'Eclipse', have reached in to lift my soul from my very body... There are few in music history with the talent to create this type of music for the soul, maybe something like Canon In 'D' or some Bach. Definately very few rockers! Clapton's 'Layla'is in this class. I strongly encourage those with a need to get away from the material and back to your inner-self, BUY THIS STUFF and enjoy the journey within.
0440219078|5.0|This was a wonderful book.  I read it because it was on the reading list for the classes I am to teach.  I feel this is a great book to use to teach children how unique we are as individuals and how wonderful it is to be this way.  I also like how Ms. Lowry left the ending open ended.  You don't know, really, what happened to the children.  You can imagine it in a couple of ways.  The only thing that was attractive in the community to me was that careers were chosen for the best reasons.  I wish we were able to evalute or own strengths and weakness better in this area as people.  I think some children may have a problem with the concept of &quot;release&quot;.  This might disturb some that are younger.
0060958324|5.0|Are you into soul-searching?  Do you think about your place in the world?  How do you deal with technology and remain sane?<br />If you have ever asked yourself some of these questions, you're in good company with Pirsig's classic book on &quot;What is Quality?&quot;  He'll make you think about what makes something enjoyable.  The book is academic in tone, and difficult to get through, but it's not a novel, so what did you expect?  It's depth-charged.  It doesn't sugar up the prose just so that it's easily digestable, but if you're going to read only one philosophical book in your life time from cover to cover, make this the one book you read.<br />On my essential and must-read list.
B000002J20|5.0|This album is just absolutely amazing. &quot;Revealing Science of God&quot; is completely flawless as is the rest of the album. The only disclaimer I would post is that this is not for the casual Yes fan or Prog fan. You really have to understand how amazing these songs are composed to appreciate them.
B00000K31Q|5.0|I think this movie has a great plot.  It is a great teen movie and Julia Stiles is awesome.  Julia is my favorite actress.....and it started from this movie.  I think Julia has &quot;spunk&quot; in this movie although she gets too much at times. The come backs in this movie are great.  I recommend this movie to teen girls mostly.
B00004U5SC|4.0|Coming to this film, much heralded at the time of its release, after viewing Ford's &quot;The Searchers,&quot; relatively neglected at the time of its release, is likely to produce a certain amount of incredulity.  Maybe Pauline Kael, who trashes &quot;Shane&quot; as lifeless, stiffly-choreographed, overly-calculated myth-making, has a point after all.  But to be fair to Stevens, &quot;Shane&quot; can be enjoyed on many levels.  A viewer innocent enough to view the film through the eyes of Joey (Brandon de Wilde) can respond to its clearly delineated oppositions much as a 1953 audience.  An adult viewer, on the other hand, might find in its visual splendor, poetic dialogue, melodramatic action, lush Victor Young score a cinematic version of grand opera.  A Jungian or Freudian viewer, on the other hand, will recognize familiar archetypes as well as curious variations--the &quot;femininity&quot; and near-dandyism of Shane, who is a gunfighter in spite of himself.  A historian will certainly see the film as situated in post-WW II America, a time when viewers needed assurance that a widely perceived threat to family values--the failure of the husband/father to return from the war or to resume his familiar place--was acutely felt.  The film is capable of speaking to all of these levels, providing the viewer is willing to listen.
B00001NFCY|1.0|At first I thought this CD might be good, but once I heard it, it turned out to be horrible. This CD Sounds exactly like practically very other band out there, and is nothing new at all.
B000002MZ6|5.0|I don't think it's possible to give this album enough praise.  I think Oldfield hit his peak with this one, creating not only one of his best ever but possibly one of the best compositions of the 20th century.  I have owned this CD for 3+ years and still end up hearing new things and taking new things from it.  The CD plays as a soundtrack to the images in your mind.  Best listened to in a quiet, dark room.  Like others I yearn for a sequel to this masterpiece but at the same time realize that there could be no possible sequel to this.
B00002MZ12|5.0|Since I think that Alanis is the best artist that ever lived, I loved her album.  &quot;You Learn&quot; is a great song, always has and always will be. &quot;Joining You&quot; is a song with amazing lyrics. so is &quot;That I would be good&quot;. The song I liked the most is &quot;these r the thoughts&quot;. I personaly liked the tempo.          I think you got the picture... it's THE CD to buy.....
0671015206|5.0|This is the ultimate textbook on getting rich slow but sure!<br />The authors have spent many years doing research on millionaires throughout the country and in this book they present some very surprising results.  Whatever you might think about the 'average' millionaire in the U.S. you are probably wrong.  I certainly was.<br />When the word millionaire comes to mind, most people see visions of suntanned people driving fast sprots cars, flying in their private jet to exotic locals...  living in a enormous mansion with three pools and a garage for the dog...  The hollywood version of wealth.  Well, this book dispells all of those crazy ideas and replaces them with pure research and reality.  Most millionaires in America achieved their extreme wealth by having their own businesses (plumber, scrap metal, auctioneer are a few very typical examples) and just living a basic, frugal life.<br />Get rich slow...?  but how can you argue with it when it works!  If you want to throw the dice and try to get rich overnight, go ahead.  but If you want a guide book on how to REALLY get rich this is the one to read.<br />Even if you aren't in the pursuit of money, I recommend this book for all of the eye popping stories that will blow away many preconceived notions that you may have.
B00004WIBW|4.0|As I recall it from my school days, Washington Irving's tale The Legend of Sleepy Hollow was a charming little story of a timid school master, Ichabod Crane, who comes to the rustic hamlet of Sleepy Hollow to teach, and who soon casts his eye on the local beauty Katrina, thus raising the ire and jealousy of her beau, Brom, who warns Ichabod to beware the Headless Horseman, an apparition terrorizing the countryside.  Soon, on a dark night, Ichabod meets the Horseman and is frightened out of his wits, and out of town, leaving Katrina to Brom, who had, of course, made up the whole story and had disguised himself as the Horseman.  No heads rolled and no blood was spilled.<br />Tim Burton's version, Sleepy Hollow, is deeper and much darker.  The Headless Horseman is a fiend from Hell, riding out to lop off heads at the bidding of the evil witch who has learned his secret and who now controls him.  Heads roll, but there is very little bloodletting in this film.  When a man is decapitated, there is no fountain of spurting blood, as there would normally be.  That's because the Horseman's sword is still hot from hellfire and  cauterizes the wounds it inflicts.  Blood is used, however, for comedic effect, as when Ichabod autopsies a corpse and a little blood squirts into his eye at the first incision.<br />Ichabod Crane in this movie is a New York City police constable, a rebel with a cause -- scientific crime investigation -- who is a nuisance to his superiors, who don't believe in such new-fangled science as autopsies, pathology, and deductive reasoning, and who send him off to solve a series of murders in upstate New York in the small village of Sleepy Hollow.<br />Upon arrival he is apprised of the murders, and the identity of the murderer, the Headless Horseman, a Hessian mercenary who was killed 20 years ago during the American Revolution.  Naturally Ichabod doesn't believe this, and sets out to find the real killer, using his scientific methods of investigation.<br />Johnny Depp portrays Ichabod Crane as a man of contradictory characteristics -- he is stalwart and resolute when needs be, but is afraid of bugs and spiders and uneasy with horses, and is prone to fainting spells.  He is somewhat timid at times, too, and not above hiding behind the boy Young Masbath in the witch's hut in the Western Woods, or even behind Katrina when facing danger, but he rises to the occasion in the end.  He doesn't believe in the supernatural, but is haunted by dreams of his supernatural mother, who was put to death by his own father for practicing witchcraft.  So he's a man tormented by his own ghosts, sent to seek out and destroy someone else's ghost.<br />This is an engrossing movie, but it has some flaws.  One of which is the color photography, or rather, the lack of it.  The color is so washed out, I though the movie was in black and white at first.  This pale cinematography gives the effect wanted, that of a gray, overcast, moody landscape, full of foreboding, but it's overdone, making one think the sun never shines on Sleepy Hollow.  The interiors could have, at least, been well-lighted.  <br />The film is set in the year 1799, just a few days before the turn of the century to 1800, and Ichabod in an early scene speaks of the coming 19th century as the \\"new millennium.\\"  Sorry, Ichabod, but millenniums only come around every 1,000 years, so 1800 is just the turn of the century, not the millennium.<br />One more complaint about the cinematography -- the stroboscopic lighting during the climax is unnecessary and extremely distracting!  Not even a Perfect Storm would have that much thunder and lightning!  The strobing lasts much too long, and has become a clich in the horror/thriller genre.  Good directors should avoid it.<br />As they should the standard long exposition scene, where the evil villain explains in speech and flashbacks the convoluted plot twists, which is so reminiscent of any episode of Murder, She Wrote.  But that's always been necessary in murder mysteries, so I guess it's unavoidable even by the best directors and writers.  The plot has to be explained somehow, and Sleepy Hollow has a somewhat complicated one, with many characters who are not clearly identified at first.<br />As with Depp, the rest of the cast is quite effective.  Christopher Walken is the Hessian Horseman, head attached, but without a single line of dialog.  He just scowls and growls a lot, flashing his sharpened teeth and even sharper sabre.  Ray Park plays the Horseman in the scenes sans head.<br />Christina Ricci is the enchantress Katrina, the would-be witch who bewitches Ichabod Crane.  Miranda Richardson is her wicked stepmother Lady Van Tassel.  Martin Landau (Best Supporting Actor Academy Award for Ed Wood) has a cameo appearance as Peter Van Garrett, and so does the veteran horror star Christopher Lee as The Magistrate of New York.  Michael Gough, another veteran of horror, is the Notary James Hardenbrook.<br />A fine cast in a fine movie, worthy of multiple viewings.
0792151712|5.0|Kate Winslet and Leonardo DiCaprio are electrifying as lovers Rose DeWittBukater and Jack Dawson in James Cameron's epic disaster flick. Set on board the doomed maiden voyage of the RMS Titanic, third class passenger Jack and first class passenger Rose fall in love - much to Rose's fiance's dismay! At over three hours long, it is a very long film, but I never once lost interest whilst watching. With a powerful supporting cast including Kathy Bates and Billy Zane, this really is a film that you shouldn't miss out on. OK, so the ending was never going to be much of a suprise, but that only heightens the drama previous to the actual sinking - which is in itself a spectacular affair, showing the stern of the ship splitting in half and crashing into the ocean before rising vertically in the water. The special effects are breathtaking - as is the fictional love story between Jack and Rose. It is no wonder, in my opinion, that this film won 11 oscars!
B000050XEI|5.0|I am one of the biggest fans of Enya.  Her haunting sound combined with her beautiful poety merge together to form a haven for your soul.  The song that stuck out the most was &quot;Wild Child&quot;.  It is as if she has seen my soul and is complimenting me on my life.  Her sound is stunning and her style is compairable to none.  If you want an album that soothes you senses but also make you think, this CD is for you.
B00000IQBM|2.0|As a movie itself, it wasn't half bad. But as an adaptation for Stephen King's novel of the same name, it doesn't quite cut it. They make sure to go to great lengths to portray Jack Torrence's insanity once the Overlook Hotel gets control of him, but they perhaps go a bit too far in that they act as though Jack's insanity is about the only significant aspect to the storyline other than Danny's psychic powers. They don't get into any detail whatsoever of Jack's alcoholism or explain the effect it has had on his life or his family; Wendy acted as though it was no big deal at all when she explained at the beginning of the movie about how Jack had gotten into a drunken fit and broke Danny's arm a few years before to the social worker. And I found Tony's voice as spoken through 5-year-old Danny's index finger to be incredibly annoying throughout the movie as well. And while Jack Nicolson's performance of Jack Torrence as the lunatic quite well, he failed to portray anything else about Jack Torrence's character that was brilliantly shown through King's novel, making it look as though Jack Torrence is nothing more than a psychopath, and that's all there is to it. In King's novel, Jack Torrence is a tortured soul striving to stay sober and struggling against insanity. In Kubrick's film, Jack Torrence is nothing more than a loose cannon who used to be an alcoholic. I actually cared about the characters in King's novel, but in the film, it didn't matter to me in the slightest who lived or died. See the film just for fun like I did, but don't expect anything special out of it and don't expect it to in any way be able to compete with the novel it is based upon, because you will be sorely disappointed if you do.
1573226521|5.0|I enjoyed this book to the maximum extent. i read it in about 2 or 3 days. It's one of those books that you have to know what happend next and you cant get yourself to put the thing down. Its kinda like lord of the flies, but not really. i hated that book and love this book.The Beach is very fast paced and adventurous..very good for a traveler....my whole life i have wanted to venture to thailand..that is one reason i read this book.  i think whoever is reading this should read that book..go for it kiddos.
B00000JGEN|1.0|Did they even bother to read the book before writing the script, or did they just make it up as they went along? About the only thing that this movie has in common with the book it is supposedly based upon besides the protagonist being named Ben Richards is there is a character named Killian who is the host to this deadly gameshow that audiences nationwide seem to absolutely love. I suppose the first half-hour was okay; although they should have stuck with the original storyline even there as well, which, of course, they didn't. And once they actually got Richards into the gameshow, the movie got so ridiculously stupid it was pathetic. Basically, he spent the rest of the movie fighting alongside a group of losers against one over-blown idiot in tights with a dangerous toy/stage prop after the next on some stupid looking stage, instead of unleashing Richards free as a fugitive and seeing how long he would last like they did in the book. They didn't just alter the storyline a little bit for this one, nor diminish it slightly--instead, ...[strayed] as far as they possibly can from the original storyline and still be able to say it was based on a novel by Richard Bachman. This horrible piece of trash made a complete and total mockery of Steven King's novel and I strongly urge all of you reading this to not even bother with it and just stick with the book instead. Or, if you must see it for yourself, just rent it...
B0000508U6|5.0|Hi, i just wanted to say this is a great CD.  pretty simple songs. but they are all interesting. good lyrics about life. nothing incredebly new and ground breaking wich is great cause they can be creative and stick to there roots. sets an incredeble mellow mood wich i love. buy this CD for a road trip. peaceout,
B000000I0C|4.0|For those of us who lament the shortage of phase-two Van Der Graaf material, the discovery of Peter Hammill's solo albums from the period is an utter joy.  The opening track 'Crying Wolf' could easily have found a place on say, STILL LIFE, or WORLD RECORD.  The use of VDGG members Nic Potter and Guy Evans only adds to the ambience of the album.<br />So, when composing, how did Peter Hammill decide whether he would use it for another solo album or submit it for use by the band?  (In my professional life, I write a solo newsletter and contribute to a group newsletter, and I know something of the dilemma of placing new material.)<br />For this album, the decision may have been easier.  It's a highly personal chronicle of the breakdown of his marriage.  'Soul-baring and maudlin, beautiful and self-indulgent, in pretty much equal measures' as one reviewer of the time wrote.<br />I particularly like 'Autumn', which features a gorgeous string orchestration that you never got on a Van Der Graaf record.  I know little of Peter's repertoire, so all I can do is refer the new listener back to Van Der Graaf: if you like this, you should be bowled over by both GODBLUFF and STILL LIFE.
B0000507R0|5.0|An excellent job has been done on the engineering of this new remix.<br />The original mix of this album was perhaps the weakest done of an excellent ELP performance.  This new remix, in contrast, allows one to hear all the instruments clearly and cleanly.   The six channels are effectively used to separate out the instruments so they don't mask and muddy each other.<br />The result is a significant improvement.   And this is from only listening to the Dolby Digital tracks (like most people) - but then comparing with the original CD.  (Which goes to show what a good job Dolby did with AC-3.)<br />The bonus track &quot;Lucky Man&quot; is from the first ELP album, which was superbly engineered and mixed by Eddie Offord, in fact one of the best sounding pop albums ever.   As a result, the DVD remix is less of an improvement - and is closer to the original.  But the new DVD mix on this track still benefits audibly from the use of six discrete channels.<br />Certainly essential for ELP fans, and probably the best introduction to the group as well.<br />(I hope the choice of bonus track indicates that they are planning to do the first album as well!)
B000001FFJ|4.0|Coming back to the UK from trekking in Tibet many years ago, the airplane stopped in Dubai Airport, and in my enthusiasm to get rid of dollars, I bought a number of tapes, including this one.  The Tom Waits I had been used to was the lyrical troubadour found straying into latenight bars on earlier albums such as Saturday Night  etc.. This was someone else. someone rounder and more perceptive.  At first the style was hard to get into, but I was drawn back to it time and time again...   So it remains.. One of my favourites for late night car journeys home.. thanks Tom
B000001XN2|5.0|This has nothing to do with the late Thomas Schippers, and thats a good thing. Conducting the esteemed Vienna Philharmonic is the great Maestro Karajan. He takes the tempi with dramatic precision, and the pacing is very well done, unlike the horrendous Decca set with Pavarotti, Sutherland and Horne, conducted by Boynge. Karajan makes the sound come alive.<br />Speaking of the sound, although this is a live recording for Austrian Radio, the sound quality is excellant. The recording has almost inaudible hiss, it's clear and clean, and will appeal to even those used to digital stereo quality. And of course as a live recording, the passion and drama is almost palpable. It is cut, but then most Trovatore were too, and the cutting does NOT remove any of the thrill.<br />This Trovatore has four of the best singers collected on the same stage, a truely priceless gem of an occasion! Corelli is stupendous : big, heroic, at times heartbreakingly tender, at others fiery and passionate. Di Quella Pira, though taken down a half tone, is still viscerally thrilling, and will delight all (as the prolonged applause after the aria shows) who are tired of Pavarotti's mere high notes, uninspired phrasing, and generic vocal emotion. Simionato is THE definitive Azucena, words cannot describe her...well go listen to her. IMHO, only Barbieri comes anywhere close. Price is wonderfull, she is also the definitive Leonara, and what a BEAUTIFUL VOICE! Flawless technique combined with an uncanny awareness of dramatic need produce the best Leonara I have ever heard. Bastianini is the BEST di Luna, Merril, Warren, Milnes are close but not quite his standard here. Which is superlative and Im running out of superlatives.<br />This is the only set where you can get all FOUR of the BEST singers in the same production, combined with the Great Karajan. The RCA set with Cellini and Bjorling and Warren is let down by the rather inept conducting, Pavarotti's several attempts are practically unlistenable, always not having an inspired choice of singers. And Domingo ...well always great but not quite in the class of this SUPERLATIVE TROVATORE!
B00005176F|5.0|Before I got this CD I was your usual teeny bopper. You know the Nsync Britney Spears girl. But I heard Blur`s song,  'Song 2' and I thought it was pretty good. So I saw this CD in the store and said why not. So I got the CD and I was stunned by everything. I love this CD its my favorite. I told all my friends about them, and they got the CD`s. Song 2, Coffee and TV, Parklife, End Of a century, Charmless man, For Tomorrow, and Music is my radar are just a few that I love. Plus the live CD make it even better, because being a fan in the states you dont get to see them very much so hey its great. So go out and buy the best of blur cause well.. you`d be crazy not to.
068484267X|5.0|Angela's Ashes by Frank McCourt is an excellent book.  The book captures what life was like in Ireland in the early 1900s for Frank and his family growing up.  Through good times and bad, the reader seems to be able to relate to the story in one way or another, which seems to draw them to the book even more. The story starts out in America where Anglea and Malachy McCourt are trying to start a family.  Frank is the oldest, followed by Malachy Jr., then the twins, Eugene and Oliver, and last Margaret.  The first tragedy occurs when Margaret dies suddenly and the McCourts move back to Ireland.  They settle in a poor neighborhood, where Angela's mother reluctantly helps them settle in and get started.  Soon after, the twins die and the McCourts once again move to another poor neighborhood.  Later on, Angela gives birth to two more boys, Michael and Alphonsis. Throughout the story, Angela tries to make ends meet while her husband spends all of his wages at the local pubs.  She somehow manages to feed and clothe the family just enough to survive.  She even manages to send to boys to school.  The reader remains awestruck that they manage to survive. Malachy McCourt later leaves his family to go to England for work.  He remains there for many years and only sends home wages once.  Frank goes through many odd jobs trying to be the man of the family and all the while going through changes as he grows up. Throughout the story, the reader feels sympathy for Angela and her children and is also taught that no matter how bad things get, they can always get worse.  Angela's Ashes is definately a book that everyone should read and benefit from.
B00003CXIY|1.0|This one's for you if you're into stupidity. There was nothing funny about it. Ok, perhaps one or two scenes were funny. This DID NOT have me rolling in my seat begging for more. A good movie for teenage boys, not to insult teenage boys by any means. Definitely not for an intelligent adult.
0385474547|4.0|I read this book during the early 70's as a requirement for an anthropology class.  It has stayed with me all these years.  I mark reading it as the beginning of my adult life, as it helped me to question and challenge beliefs that shaped my world view.  I highly recommend it to anyone ready to open their minds and hearts to the rough truths of religion and politics....I was glad to see that Barbara Kingsolver used it as a reference (and recommended reading) for her novel, The Poisonwood Bible.  They would make an excellent duet of a read.
B000003BE4|5.0|&quot;Out Of Our Heads&quot; displays classic early Rolling Stones the best. If you own one album of the pre &quot;Aftermath&quot; albums, I'd say get this one. It has their three classic singles &quot;The Last Time&quot;, &quot;Satisfaction&quot;, and &quot;Play With Fire.&quot; The album is worth buying just for those three singles. While The Beatles were singing about finding love on every corner, &quot;Satisfaction&quot; told the world how love really works. The highlights of &quot;Out Of Our Heads&quot; however are all the R&amp;B covers...Marvin Gaye's &quot;Hitch Hike&quot;, Ottis Redding's &quot;That's How Strong My Love Is&quot; and &quot;Mercy Mercy&quot;...my personal favorite of the covers is of Same Cooke's &quot;Good Times&quot;. It re-creates the greatness of the original best out of all the covers. &quot;The Spider And The Fly&quot; and &quot;One More Try&quot; show Jagger and Richard's songwritting progressing while not fully matured. This album is essential for any Rock 'N' Roll fan. No other band will do what The Rolling Stone did again.
0671034065|3.0|my star rating is really a 3.5, almost a 4.  I am a big linda howard fan, and this book has her usual likable chracters, fast paced, witty dialog, and suspensful story.  But the story had weak emotional development.  sam and jaine are washing the car, they have sex, jaine's friends are being murdered and all of a sudden they are getting married.  Whoa, where did that come from. but aside from that, a great read, but definitely wait for the paper back.
B0000541AM|5.0|Facing an unrelenting wave of sinister gangs, Coney Island-based gang the Warriors must fight its way out of the far-flung Bronx, where a council to unify New York City's manifold gangs has gone utterly awry.  Honeytraps, a capricious El and subway that provides escape for some while cutting it off for others...danger awaits the beleagured Warriors at every turn in the menacing, atmospheric New York City night.  Michael Beck is the Warriors' cynical War Chief-turned leader Swan who must hold the imperiled gang together during their desperate journey back to Coney Island.  James Remak is the &quot;not too bright&quot; (like his ancient Greek warrior of mythology namesake) Warrior Ajax, who proves a formidable foe to the gang's adversaries.  The DVD is beautiful, befitting the movie's colorful comic book-like plot and illustrious characters.
B00004Y7SF|5.0|If you are a fan of Christina Aguilera or just like Christmas carols this is a must Christmas Album. All the songs are wonderfully put together and Christina sings them all very well. I especially love the songs &quot;O Holy Night&quot;. She has a couple of duets on their that are also wonderful. This is a little better than NSYNC's actually. This definately is a must to anyone's Christmas cd collection.
B000056HOZ|2.0|I am a huge Bruce fan, but found this DVD extremely disappointing.  I had forgotten just how cheesy those Born in the USA videos were.  Bruce &amp; the E Street Band would be perfect on a live concert DVD.  Let's hope he puts one out.
B0000524E5|5.0|This movie was on of the best movies released in 2000.
B00000JAQ8|5.0|Just discovered this band a few weeks ago when my brother played his copy of Oceanborn at me.  I had never heard anything like it - operatic vocals with power metal, plus well-written, complex lyrics!  I cannot recommend this album strongly enough ... words can't do it justice; just get your hands on a copy and *listen*.
0780631153|5.0|This movie should make you think of what you live your life for. I expect many people (especially americans) dislike this movie...Well, grow up guys.
079073639X|5.0|The adaption of Michael Crichton's novel &quot;Sphere&quot; to the big screen was a modest success and certainly delivered more than many were expecting. No movie has ever involved a giant radioactive ball with intelligent life inside. The special effects are very good, and it reminds me of some of those old, classic science-fiction comic books. There are various fascinating looking creatures. It is really hard to describe why this is such a good movie; it has a lot to do with the atmosphere. <br />A group of &quot;one in a thousand&quot; scientific genius' meet to observe a political and scientific phenomenon. It is very interesting and sometimes scary. The acting for Dustin Hoffman is very professional and Samuel L. Jackson was made for these kinds of movies. GREAT
B00004YKUX|5.0|This album is simply mandatory listening for anyone who considers himself a student of 20th century music. It towers over the dog kibble and pablum that passes as country music. Long may he run.
6300275213|4.0|This is a VERY funny look at a lonely, single bachelor(Tom Hanks) who has nothing at all going for him until he has a close call with death and is saved by a mermaid with a human touch. John Candy is very funny in it and there are some other funny people, too. One of the funniest films of the 80s. Better than &quot;Fletch&quot;
B00004RFFU|4.0|This film, adapted from Anne Rice's famous novel, had been expected by many people whe it came out and had been marked by the dying of an overdose of the main actor. That's how Tom Cruise moved into the picture. It is a remarkable film with beautiful actors. And yet the story does not get onto the rails of any sequel. Why ? Because it does not reach the mythical level Anne Rice is so great at bringing out in her Vampires Chronicles. It does not even give us the deep feeling of historical time that we get in the book and that is the discriminating touch of those Vampire Chronicles. So it is reduced to an action and adventure film, which does not correspond at all to Anne Rice's project. For instance the voodoo scene is essential to link the vampires to the deepest layers of human consciousness, history and fears. In the film it is reduced to some folkloric panic and some rebellion against a nearly insignificant course of events. The film is beautiful but it betrays Anne Rice and it does not open the door to the sequence of events and points of view. It does not even make us crave for Lestat's point of view on the same events. Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris Universities II and IX.
B00003CXP1|4.0|With little doubt &quot;Requiem for a Dream&quot; (based on Hubert Selby Jr.'s novel) is a relentlessly bleak and austere film that left me breathless and emotionally devastated after I left the theater.  I don't believe that this film is about heroin addiction per se, but has much more to do with addiction in its many splendored forms.  On the one hand you have physical addictions (i.e., drugs, sex, and money), and on the other you have addictions of a far more intangible variety (e.g., irremediable attractions to unattainable dreams and desires).  Obviously the characters portrayed by Jared Leto, Marlon Wayans, and that actress whose name I can't seem to remember appear on the surface to suffer from physical addictions (i.e., heroin), but below the surface they suffer interminably from delusions of grandeur, i.e., the American Dream.  The more dope they shoot into their veins the more palpable this absurd vision of opulence becomes, until finally the rug gets swept from underneath their feet and they lie prone and helpless amidst the devastation that surrounds them.  But even when Leto, Wayans, and the girl eventually become aware of the imminent fall they still manage to convince themselves that their dreams still possess that chance (no matter how slight and insignificant) of coming to fruition.  This naive presumption, in my opinion, is the driving force behind this remarkable film.  Most Americans think that by the time they've reached a certain age (say, 35 or 40) they should have a pretty firm grasp on life and not vice versa.  However reality, in most cases, tends to rub most people the wrong way leaving them either 1) disappointed with what they have or have not accomplished or 2) generally angry, depressed, or downright perturbed about their miserable existences.  Now I don't believe that the primary message in &quot;Requiem&quot; is as trite as &quot;be happy with what you've got and be careful when you pause to think about what you haven't&quot;, but Ido believe that it runs closely along those lines.  It's no secret that the media and our democratic &quot;theology&quot; has a lot to do with injecting people with this bankrupt notion that anyone can achieve monetary success so long as they try their damnedest.  Many individuals obviously do prosper and flourish in this incomparable republic we call the United States.  But for every &quot;one&quot; there are hundreds of thousands who fail ignominiously and perish without even so much as uttering a whimper.  Selby's novel (and Aronofsky's excellent cinematic adaptation) brings the hammer down on these misconceptions and shatters them with a force that will not soon be forgotten.
0780627024|5.0|This film is simply gorgeous, not only in the visual aspect, but in the plot. Tobey Maguire and Reese Witherspoon play their parts beautifully, and Joan Allen as their TV mom does a job that should have been worthy of an Oscar nomination. As I mentioned, the film is visually stunning, with the switch from color to black and white and back again a wonder to watch. Pair that with the wonderful script, and you have a movie worth watching over and over again.
B000001Y2U|5.0|When this cd first burst upon the scene in 1996, I was skeptical of the combat-boot and makeup clad rocker named after one of the nation's beautys and one of its most notorious murderers. 5 years later, and I have all the Manson albums, countless shirts and posters, with this ranking as one of my top five cds of all time.<br />The album itself is a concept album about the life of Brian Warner, aka Marilyn Manson. The first fourth is about his birth and the hell that is childhood, followed by his ascent into fame, only to lose it and be hated once again. This is without a doubt the darkest album of all time (rivaled only by NIN and Tool), while still managing to be a masterpiece. Blending hardcore industrial sounds in the vein of NIN with hard rock and metal grind, Antichrist Superstar contains many various themes, such as rebellion, drug use, fame and the notoriety that follows it. I really love 2,4,6,10,15 and 16, but I cant name a single song on here that is truly bad. Mansons vocals always shine great, going from oddly-catchy melody to sick screams in mere seconds. The guitar work is decent, but the bass  of Twiggy Ramirez drives most of the songs into your mind, where theyll lurk for months. Dont be shocked if you grow a fascination with this band, as it happened to everyone I know who owns this cd. Its well worth it though, as are any works released by this great band, easily one of the most important alt acts of the 90s.
B00000IBRI|5.0|Being an owner of Suspiria and a True Argento fan this is gonna sound very strange but I would have to say thet Phenomena is my favourite Argento film. It has a solid Goblin soundtrack that I think is one of their best and most atmospheric yet. Tell me if you dont love the music when Jennifer Connelly slips into one of her sleepwalks. I also think that the story as well is one of the most straight forward and easy to follow (plotwise) ones from Argento. I was very happy when Anchor Bay released this as this film was lost for years and I refused to get Creepers.  The transfer is truly magnificent and the sound is very clear but the most important thing is that this is the uncut original version and not the butchered 'Creepers'. Jennifer Connelly gives an impressive performance in this film (I used to have a serious crush on her) and there isnt any evidence of any dubbing of the other actors that you normally get with Argento flicks.  Im tired of the negative reviews for this film, I think that it is so well directed and stands out from many of the other crap horror films that were around in the 80's. Typically the lighting is very good (as in Suspiria, Deep Red) and the scenery is also impressive heightening the atmosphere. Argento's movies are so much different and more complex than most horror films. The film seems to flow together very well and has some genuinely scary moments and twists to boot. I love the scene at the beginning where you see the killer breaking free from the wall, also the scene involving the bath at the end. It doesnt have the dread atmosphere of Suspiria but it works.  With the impressive extras and insightfull commentary  track, I would recommend this to any horror fan. I also think that it is a good introduction into the world of Dario Argento whom I am starting to think is better than Lucio Fulci.  Take my advise (get this now). Get Suspiria as well.
0446677450|3.0|Vulture says to Lion, &quot;You're stupid to work so hard for your food. Instead of exhausting and injuring yourself chasing Buffalo, why don't you just cruise around picking up the pieces like me?&quot; Lion agrees. Soon all the predators are sitting around waiting for &quot;somebody&quot; to do the work. They all starve! Kiyosaki scorns people who work for their money but, thankfully, millions will continue producing &quot;meat&quot; that he can speculate with. However, the book is worth reading to remind us of some simple home truths such as, &quot;A fancy car is not an asset.&quot;
0140390693|1.0|The rating is for THIS edition of the book, feminist ideologue Elaine Showalter's genital revisionism blots the text everywhere. Nor is the theme concerned with the &quot;tension between social responsibility &amp; individual and artistic freedom&quot; except in the fevered dreams of academic collectivists obsessed with &quot;group identities&quot; who have instigated more cultural disintegration then anyone since the anarchist 60's by eroding all Individual Responsibility &amp; intellectual standards. Since acquiring a CEO from Disney the Penguin Classics once a distinguished series has become largely a pulpit for multiculturalists, feminists, post-colonial theorists and academic careerists brainwashed by Edward Said to &quot;re-frame&quot; &quot;de-construct&quot; and deface in the name of a politically reductive, emotionally vacuous jihad against Western Culture. Showalter's a scumbag.
B00004XONN|1.0|This album is a shining example of how file sharing can save a music lover fromwasting money on over-rated trash. The songs all sound like someonesmoked some crack and entered a recording studio without instrumentsand pushed buttons on every keyboard they could find. Some here callit \\"abstract\\"...but I call it unlistenable. This cd is proofthat if critics rave about an album, it's best to leave it in thestore. This group needs to listen to their first album again andremember what it's like to write a \\"song.\\" This group istrying too hard to be hip and strange, and it leaves the listenerwondering what in the world are these guys smoking or injecting. Atleast U2 stopped their experimenting and recorded an excellent newalbum...I recommend that unless you are a Radiohead die-hard fan, youleave this cd on the shelf... U2's new album or even the Coldplayalbum \\"Parachutes\\" beats this...any day!
B00003ZKSP|5.0|I think this is a must have cd if you are a metal fan. Slipknot is the best metal band of all time. If you like bands like pantera, kittie, fear factory, snot, soulfly....then you're gonna love Slipknot's music.
B000002IST|3.0|There's only twelve songs on here, but the album seems awfully schizo.  There are pop songs, driving rock songs, and extended epics...and it doesn't really all hang together.  The highlights are actually quite good - &quot;No Son of Mine&quot; is an engaging and sometimes powerful song, &quot;Jesus He Knows Me&quot; redeems its overdone subject with catchy lyrics and music, and &quot;Never a Time&quot; is a good standard pop song.  I don't know what compelled the three (!) epic numbers, but none of them engaged me except sporadically, and they eat up almost half an hour of time.  The lyrics on &quot;Tell Me Why&quot; border on parody (although presumably their hearts are in the right place), and &quot;Way of the World&quot; isn't that much better.  Call me a majority of one here, but I always disliked &quot;Hold On My Heart&quot;, as it sounded like the band felt they needed to go &quot;here's our sappy ballad&quot;.  Most of the better songs here are available on their best-of CD, so there's not much reason to pick this up, unless you find it pretty cheap.
B00004X0Q0|5.0|Relationship of Command is the best combination of exploration and energy released in 2000.  the guitar work forms a jagged, forceful soundscape.  the bass and drums gun the motor of each and every song.  and Cedric Bixler just hollers straight from the heart.  the album is just one big surge, from the way Arcarsenal builds, the way Sleepwalk Capsules rips into the piano interlude from One-Armed Scissor, and the single sparks that can start spectral fires.  it's seething, emotional, pure, unpretentious, poetic, and very very loud.  all those brainless rap-metal mooks out there can look upon the works of these mighty ones, and despair.
0553579908|5.0|I loved &quot;A Game of Thrones&quot; so much, I was almost afraid to read &quot;A Clash of Kings&quot; because of the dread of &quot;sequal shock&quot;.  Fortunately, George R. R. Martin is definitely not a one-trick pony.  This series continues to deliver.<br />With the advent of war, the pace of action picks up, which should satisfy the faction of reviewers that feels &quot;A Game of Thrones&quot; did not have enough action.  There is a little more magic for those who felt the predecessor novel lacked enough conspicuous &quot;gee whiz&quot; magic.  The magic is still scarce, which decidedly adds to its power.  As a fantasy novel, &quot;A Clash of Kings&quot; maintains the stature of &quot;A Game of Thrones&quot; in standing head and sholders above most of comtemporary fantasy and sci-fi.  In my book, Mr. Martin stands with Raymond Feist, Stephen Lawhead, and Gene Wolfe as a cut above the others.  (Not to deny that that are other authors who come close - these are the ones I really like.) <br />I will grant that there is not as much continuous action as one might find in, say, Terry Goodkind, or some of the slash-and-burn sword-and-sorcery series', but that is in no way a mark of weakness.  The &quot;Song of Ice and Fire&quot; is first and foremost a saga of people and ideas.  The intrigue and interplay is makes this series.  The facts that the writing is top-notch and that the story is riveting (at least to me) are the icing on the cake.  The development of the characters continues from the first book, and I find myself even more interested in them.  The passing of certain of the characters actually brought tears to my eyes.  (I should add that I am a 50-year old Italian male.)  The fact that certain of the characters who desparately deserve to be knocked down a peg or two (I'm not bloodthirsty enough to demand their death) continue to live adds to the realism.  In that, this tale mirrors contemporary life.  That is it's ultimate charm - we are not constantly reminded that the characters are superhuman; we are reminded that they are all too human.  They make errors in judgement, they bleed, they cry, they laugh, they are occassionally heroic - you get the picture.        <br />The only &quot;weakness&quot;, and I use the term loosely, that might be perceived is that each book is definitely a piece of a continuing, larger whole.  There are no momentary resolutions of plot at the end of the book.  These cannot be perceived as stand-alone installments.  Having said that, I still prefer these books over many far more lame series' that do wrap up each book nicely, leaving only the overall cliff-hanger, such as how are the heros ultimately going to save the world in book 3?  (Or book 5, or book 9, or book 10, or book ???)  <br />After two books of &quot;The Song of Ice and Fire&quot;, I'm actually glad to say that I don't know with certainty where it's going.  Maybe ultimate good will triumph over ultimate evil.  Maybe not.  At this point, the thrill is in the journey and I'm not planning to get off!
0767802470|5.0|A thoroughly engrossing depiction of what it must have been like fighting in a U-boat in WW2. But this is not why it is a great film. This is a well told story of a group of ordinary young men, from widely different backgrounds, united by the challenge of fighting and surviving in the cramped and sweaty confines of a U-boat. Told from the perspective of a young journalist sent along to report on the heroes of the U-boat war, it's scope is a single mission, late in the war, when Germany was losing. The acting, especially that of Jurgen Prochnow as the Captain, is truly first-rate and will draw you into the film like few other war pictures. My only criticism is that the end of the film feels a bit artificial, but I won't go into it and spoil it for you.<br />This release is widescreen DVD format at its best. If you don't own a widescreen TV and a new progressive-scan DVD player, this is one title that may make you pull out your wallet. The quality of this DVD title is truly equal to this great film. I have too many times seen poor DVD conversions of a classic film spoil the memory of a haunting theatrical experience. Not here. Superb!<br />The release also includes an interesting 'how it was made' documentary, but DO NOT watch it until several days AFTER watching the film. The experience of the picture will be compromised. You will realize that it is in fact... 'just' a film, and you were watching 'just' actors.
B000006TRV|5.0|But then I realized I couldn't really sum up this album in just a couple of paragraphs. All I can say is that &quot;The Wall&quot; remains one of the greatest musical masterpieces from the rock era. Roger Waters has had other brilliant albums (&quot;The Final Cut,&quot; &quot;Amused To Death&quot;), but this is his magnum opus. Needless to say I give &quot;The Wall&quot; my highest possible recommendation- this album alone puts all the &quot;angsty&quot; rock stars of the nineties to shame. I also recommend &quot;The Final Cut&quot; if you're interested in a more detailed examination of Waters's thoughts on the hopelessness of war (i.e. &quot;Vera,&quot; &quot;Bring The Boys Back Home,&quot;) and the three preceding Floyd albums, which deal with some of the same subject matter as &quot;The Wall.&quot;<br />My favourite section: impossible to determine, but I would have to say the acoustic guitar solo in &quot;Is There Anybody Out There?&quot; Absolutely brilliant.
B000002H70|5.0|Disintegration is the best album ever....<br />God bless the boys from South Park. Kyle may have gotten it right. This album is epic. Before this record The Cure's music was underground club type music, and fit very nicely in the \\"post-punk\\" label. The music on this record has an incredibly beautiful melancholy to it. Most of the songs have a slow tempo and just ooze with a dark moodiness that makes you feel. I don't know that it can make everyone feel the same, but it will definitely make you feel. <br />The songs are a bit long, but that is not a bad thing as each is beautifully orchestrated. There is no filler in this record, and actually some of The Cure's best work is on this album. \\"Pictures Of You\\", \\"Love Song\\", \\"Lullaby\\", \\"Fascination Street\\", and \\"Prayers For Rain\\" are probably the best songs, but every song is incredible. Overall it's as bleak as any album I've ever heard, and it is painfully intimate. It's one I simply can't stop listening to, despite the dark melancholy of the music.<br />This is The Cure album for people that aren't even Cure fans. You don't have to be into moody, gothic, synthpop to appreciate just how great this record is. The album is nearly 12 years old, and doesn't sound dated at all. The material is still fresh, timeless. Enjoying this record is simply a beautiful experience.
B000050HTO|5.0|This essential cd collection is just that, ESSENTIAL.  Compact and concise.  It spans every facet of Dr. Robert's career. Pick up this collection!!
0553106635|5.0|Something is very wrong.  I just compared the sales figures for &quot;Storm of Swords&quot; and &quot;Winter's Heart&quot; and it looks like the latter is outselling the former. Yipes, say it isn't so, Joe. &quot;Storm of Swords&quot; and the series of which it is a part do not need more encomia, but I can't resist if it isn't being purchased by everyone who loves the genre and good writing. It is the best fantasy series written since Tolkien, and on some levels it is better--more modern, more accessible, more 'human,' and I don't mean because the hobbits are missing. Martin combines wonder and the down and dirty reality of life without modern medicine, transportation or communication. Yet it is a fascinating existence, more compelling on many levels than the magical 21st century. Please don't let anything happen to that wonderful man, George R.R. Martin! And, lordy, please don't let him catch that awful Robert Jordan disease, where Arya and Sansa will wander endlessly for five or six books (at least), pulling their hair, smoothing and gripping their skirts, and sniffing when people speak to them.
B00000253N|5.0|In Blood On The Tracks we hear a now middle age Dylan who is confused about love. It opens with Tangled Up in Blue which is as masterful and intricate a song as Dylan has written. Simple Twist of Fate and Shelter From the Storm give voice to a positive love expeience. If you want to be depressed just play If You see her Say Hello which is a sad song about love lost. But the song which absolutely makes the album is Idiot Wind. In Idiot Wind there is a rage heard rarely in music or life but seemingly everpresent. Idiot Wind is the reason I love Dylan; his ability to identify emtions that I have and show me that I'm not alone. A must have for any Dylan fan.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Watched Gladiator in the theatres and enjoyed it, have to say that the DVD is as good or better.  With both dts &amp; Dolby 5.1, if you have a pretty good home theatre setup this DVD is awesome!  During the first battle scene, you can hear the arrows whizzing by you and feel the rumble of the cavelry.  Picture quality is also good, and the 2nd CD contains some interesting materials.
0786889284|5.0|&quot;Beyond Recognition&quot; is the best mystery I have ever read. Believe me, I have read all the popular mystery authors, but I have never read such a powerful, suspenseful book. This is the author's fourth book, and the characters keep developing until you feel as you know them personally. I was amazed at all the twists and turns in the book. Usually I figure out things that will happen in each book I read, but not this one. It will keep you guessing until the last page, trust me.<br />If you are looking for a book that will captivate you, this is the mystery for you. It should be required reading for all mystery addicts! Get this one; you won't be sorry!
0399146253|2.0|Although I am not a literary critic, I felt compelled to enter some thoughts after reading The Last Precinct. I too have read, with relish, every Kay Scarpetta novel Patricia Cornwell has written, and usually long for the next to appear. I could have waited longer for another version.<br />My first distraction was that the novel was written in first person, present tense. It was very uncomfortable reading and I actually had to pull out all her other books to see if I had lost my perspective, but no, this appears to be her first attempt at that writing style. I hated it. <br />Secondly, Cornwell is toying a bit too much for my comfort and enjoyment with the lesbianism theme. I just don't get it and did not like one of my favorite characters wrestling with her sexuality, albeit briefly. Then it just hung there.<br />Finally, I just couldn't buy the entire plot. Come on - that anyone would suspect Kay Scarpetta of such a gruesome murder is ridiculous.<br />The one point I should mention is that at least I did enjoy Marino, as usual, but a little more so in this novel.<br />A last note. I'm just not sure I would read another Kay Scarpetta. I don't want to ruin her character in my own mind.<br />For what it's worth.
B00003CX8I|5.0|Wow...Wow. Unfortunately, I live in Australia, and X-Men has only been released on Rental. So no outtakes unfortunately. There's nothing I can say about this move that hasn't been said already. It's fantastic, and along with Batman and Superman it's one of the best superhero films ever made. <br />My only nitpick (and it's a small one) is Michael Kamen's orchestral score. It's totally and utterly forgettable. Shouldn't superhero movies have exciting and thrilling soundtracks? I listened to the end credits, waiting for that rousing theme song...only to find there isn't one. <br />I think Bryan Singer would be doing everybody a huge favour if he could get someone different to compose the music for the next film. Perhaps Alex Proyas would be a good choice, as his music for the trailers was fantastic.<br />5/5 stars. I hope that the Region 4 DVD has the same features.
B000002J1L|3.0|This album is, in my opinion, the weakest of the Gabriel-era Genesis albums.  That being said, however, I must point out that even then, it is still head and shoulders above almost anything that is being put out nowadays.  I, like most others, consider the Musical Box the highlight of this album.  It starts out slow and quiet, yet still musically complex.  It then slowly builds over a 10-minute period to a frenzied climax and ending.  This is what prog rock is all about!  As for the other longer compositions, The Return of the Giant Hogweed and The Fountain of Salmacis, while not as entertaining musically as The Box, they show why Gabriel-era Genesis is the &quot;thinking man's Genesis&quot;.  There's really nothing quite like them, even on other early Genesis albums.  The four shorter songs here are all worthy efforts, including the first lead vocal by Phil Collins, which is a preview of the Genesis of the 80's.<br />As I've said before on some of my other reviews (I own all Genesis albums, and I intend to review them all), I feel sometimes like I'm the only one who likes both Gabriel-era and Collins-era Genesis, even though musically, they are almost totally different.  Gabriel-era stuff is heavy on mythology and highly technical, organized, innovative work.  It's an acquired taste.  Every Gabriel-era album I own, I didn't like at first, but they've grown on me over the years, and now I enjoy them all.  This is in contrast to the later Genesis led by Phil Collins, which is a much simpler type of music, shorter on the complex mythology and lyrics, but much longer on just good music, the kind you can sing along to in the car (yes, I do this, just ask my wife).  They each have their place, and there is plenty of room out there for both.
0811826848|5.0|I think this is a great book for any Beatles fan. But I would like to address the LSD bit in the book. In the book the Beatles, especially George, make LSD sound really attractive to take. So I would just like to quote from John Lennon's own primal scream therapist, Dr. Janov (as quoted in the Winter 2000 issue of MOJO): &quot;LSD is the most devastating thing for mental health that ever existed. To this day, we see people who've had LSD, and they have a different brain-wave pattern, as if their defenses are totally broken down. It stays. I think Timothy Leary destroyed so many people by touting LSD. It's a very, very dangerous drug.&quot; After reading the Beatles ANTHOLOGY I thought taking LSD might be a good idea. So I'm sure others have, too. So I wanted to put Janov's--John Lennon's own therapist--opinion about the drug to discourage any other impressionable readers out there.
B00004Z4SD|3.0|This gets my vote for one of the best Movies. BUT I give the movie 3 stars like someone else I saw. simply because of the DVD.<br />It's SO DAMN exspensive and it still has some of the sound problems that the VHS had! I was hoping that the sound would have been cleared up from the vhs but no it hasn't.<br />THIS IS A FANTASTIC film. BUt they could have had at least a little documentry about the real Alvin Streaight<br />They could have had some bio's or making of. or just took some pictures of where they shot.   I respect Lynches reason for not putting a chapter skip but c'mon!  He just could have put more to the dvd! This film needs to be put under the 100 best movies though. and the only reason I can say to buy the dvd is to have a widescreen version of the film.. but other then that I guess you really should go get vhs.
B00003CXDG|3.0|Well... since the long awaited second release of Tom Cruses Mission Impossible series came out I really did some thinking! This movie isn't all that good! The first Mission Impossible is so much better, with better plot and action sequences than this one. <br />Since the totally cool James Bond films came out the pressure was on to make this movie sexy and sleek but as they tried that they lost a lot of the potential. <br />I actually prefer the James Bond films because they do such a great job at making it all blend.
B000002NZO|3.0|You know, from reading other reviews, it seems like fans of the Gabriel-era Genesis like nothing better than to tear up the Collins-era Genesis.  I feel sometimes like I'm the only one who likes them both.  The Genesis represented on this album is a very different band than the Genesis of Abacab and Invisible Touch.  Nevertheless, they are both great bands.  For those who think that Genesis &quot;sold out&quot; after Gabriel and Hackett left, why don't you blame them for the loss of the old band?  After all, they are the ones who left.  Lighten up already!<br />Anyway, about Trespass - This album is quite an improvement over their debut on From Genesis to Revelation (although I personally blame Jonathan King more than anyone else for the shortcomings of that album), and it is also a good sight better than the follow-up, Nursery Cryme.  My personal favorite track is The Knife, although I think it comes across a little better on the Genesis Live album.  I also like White Mountain.  Some seem to think that the lyrics to White Mountain are &quot;junior-varsity Tolkien&quot;, whatever THAT means.  Yes, the lyrics are a little cheesy, but no more so than some of the stuff on Foxtrot and Nursery Cryme.  I also see that some think that the band has tried to bury this album, like it never happened.  if that is so, then why does a bit from Stagnation appear as part of the medleys on the live albums, Seconds Out and The Longs?  <br />Overall, this is a very enjoyable album, if not quite up to the future efforts put forth on Foxtrot and Selling England by the Pound.
B0000070QN|5.0|I had heard such good things about this album that I had to give it a try and I'm glad I did.  Not often has an album reached out and grabbed me like &quot;Mood Swings.&quot;  The first three songs are unbelievable.  Throughout the album are hints of Def Leppard, Winger, and Queensryche, but Harem Scarem has a sound uniquely their own.  A must have for all fans of melodic hard rock.
B0000508U6|3.0|The trouble with Coldplay's debut &quot;Parachutes&quot; is primarily due to my age and my interest in popular music. As I listened to this cd I could only think of Nick Drake, The Cure, Radiohead and Travis, just to name a few. The influences are so heavy that I found myself thinking that those bands do this kind of music better than Coldplay has. &quot;Parachutes&quot; is a &quot;nice&quot; recording, but I didn't find it memorable. I like &quot;Yellow&quot; and &quot;Don't Panic&quot;, but as with many new artists, either you get an album that sounds all like &quot;Yellow&quot; or &quot;Yellow&quot; is the only song that sounds like that on the entire album. In this case all the songs sound somewhat similar to &quot;Yellow&quot;. There is a cohesiveness to this cd, but it's rather flat and dull, with little variation. Yet, this is the band's debut, so perhaps this is a sign of good things to come from them on their next outing. This disc may appeal to all the teenagers who give a blank look when you say Nick Drake, The Cure and other older influences. In fact, that's what caught my attention to &quot;Yellow&quot;--is it reminded me of that good music from the past. Just a little too unoriginal.
B000050XEI|5.0|Some reviewers have suggested that this recording is too short and too derivative of Enya's own earlier work. I can see what they're saying--it really is short, and it does sound like Enya's previous CDs. However, when I listen to &quot;A Day Without Rain,&quot; I can't help but think they've missed the (subtle) point . For this recording, Enya seems to take everything she's done before, hone it down to its very core, and then polish it endlessly until its essence shines through with brilliant clarity--like a precious gem. This is, without doubt, essential Enya--clear, haunting, charming, and enchanting. The craft and care that has gone into each of the hundreds of layers that make up each track is at once astonishing and invisible. As if on an ocean with a thousand gentle currents, if you let go, you'll simply find yourself drifting away.
B00004TJTS|5.0|I have only one word for this movie...WONDERFUL!<br />Being a proud owner of a Jack Russell terrier myself, I find this movie especially touching to me. Seeing the pup grows and enage itself in mischief...sometimes I just couldn't differentiate between Skip and my dog...I guess all dogs are alike. Definitly a 5 stars movie.<br />Now for the DVD, overall ratings is good. Picture scores a 5. The colours and outline of picture quality are very good. However, as this is a movie with little action scences, the sound effect is &quot;so-so-only&quot;, with only a couple of scences ringing those real surround speakers of mine. 4.5 for the sound.<br />Two commentaries were included with the DVD. One with Frankie Muniz and the animal trainer, the other with director Jay Russell. Both adds to the fun when you watch the movie again. An added plus for this DVD is that it comes in two versions of the movie. One side comes in wide screen format(preserving the aspect ratio of its theatrical exhibition) while the other side features a modified full screen format to fit into your TVs.<br />It would be perfect if there's a feature on the &quot;making of My Dog Skip&quot;. But I guess they didn't do it as this movie is not a box-office. However, for a DVD that sells for less than US$15, I guess I should not be asking for too much.<br />The only complain I have for this DVD is that it comes in a snap-close paper box which I hate. But I guess I can bear with this minor flaw. Anyway, nothing's perfect!
6304697953|4.0|Con Air is a great action movie, and Nicholas Cage gives a touching, realistic performance almost better than 'The Family Man'. This movie has exquisite action, but it was pretty darn violent! AAAH! I mean, you don't have to SHOW a person being stabbed or shot in the stomach from a frontal view. I mean, &quot;come on!&quot; Well, that's what Con Air is like, but it's worth seeing IF you don't mind the horrible violence in most of the movie. Only see this movie if you are at least 17, not just because of the R rating, but because it might give you nightmares of John Malkovich!   starring : Nicholas Cage, John Malkovich.
B00004RIUV|5.0|Many folks say this is Gene's best recording (and that's saying quite a lot).  My personal favorite is Gene's dark masterpiece, TWO SIDES TO EVERY STORY.  But, personal taste aside, this is a GREAT CD!  Gene always said he didn't like to repeat himself, so most of his recordings have somewhat different sounds to them, ranging from pure bluegrass (THE FANTASTIC EXPEDITION), to this album, which is Gene's response to the imaginative work of Brian Wilson and Phil Spector.  Gene is at the peak of his vocal powers here, and the songs on this recording (all written by Gene)are all mighty fine, including such personal favorites as &quot;Lady of the North,&quot; &quot;Life's Greatest Fool,&quot; and &quot;The True One.&quot;  It has been said that this is the greatest album released during the 1970's.
0380796090|4.0|In WATERMELON, author Marian Keyes has written a complex story which explores many emotional issues in a very amusing fashion.  Despite some of the painful truths, this novel never loses its good humor.  The story is quick-paced and totally fun, and it makes for the best kind of escapist reading.  This is an author of genuine talent.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|There is no question that this is a great album and worthy of all the accolades that it has received, however the original singles were in well balanced mono and should have been presented that way on this album. Back in the sixties the Beatles along with George Martin actually labored over the mono mixes of not  only their singles, but their albums as well. These were the records that took the world by storm. In most cases the Beatles had nothing to do with their stereo counterparts. Rhino records has built an outstanding reputation by re-releasing music the way it was originally heard on radio. The Motown singles  collection is another example of all original singles masters being used. Finally, the Rolling Stones singles collection is mostly in mono as well. So if your are listening to The Beatles 1 while you are reading this, just imagine how much better it would sound if all the tracks up to and including &quot;Get Back&quot; were released in the versions that actually got to #1.
6304938276|4.0|Scream 2, starring Neve Campbell (like usual), David Arquette, Courteney Cox, and featuring cameos by modern 'Scream-Queen' Sarah Michelle Gellar, Jada Pinkett Smith, and more... is a great modern, '90s horror flick (although it's not exactly really terrifying), and has an EXCELLENT cast, - but Scream 2 just doesn't have that exciting, original, and fun feeling that the first one is filled with. The third Scream is better than this one I thought, (although it is even less scary than this one), but the first one remains at the top! See Scream today, - it is a great, fun film to see at sleep-overs, parties, etc. - But do not be in any rush to see Scream 2.
B000056JYC|5.0|What can you possibly say about this album that hasn't already been said? A&amp;M just released a new 'deluxe edition' of the album in commemoration of its 25th anniversary, complete with all-new packaging and four unreleased bonus tracks. For those of you who may not already be familiar with this record, I'll give you a little background on the musical phenomenon called Frampton Comes Alive.<br />The original plan was for it to be a single album. Five songs. Somehow, in retrospect, it just doesn't seem right. There were so many great tracks on this album, there's no possible way it could be edited down like that. Frampton invited A&amp;M co-founder Jerry Moss to come down to Electric Lady Studios to preview the album. The first words out of Moss' mouth were &quot;where's the rest?&quot; <br />With Moss' blessing for a double album, Frampton went back out on the road to record more dates. Once the tour was over, Frampton went back to Electric Lady Studios to mix the album with Chris Kimsey. After everything was ready to go, he played the new version for several of his trusted friends and confidants. One of these friends was Rolling Stone music critic, Cameron Crowe. &quot;Cameron was beaming from ear to ear,&quot; recalled Frampton. &quot;He felt every track was better than the one that had come before it.&quot; <br />Now that the finished album was in the hands of the record company, it was time for a vacation. When he returned ten days later, things were already beginning to take off. Concerts were selling out, sales records were being shattered, and the album had the top spot on the Billboard chart for ten weeks straight--eventually surpassing Carole King's 'Tapestry' as the best selling album of all time.<br />For this new deluxe edition, the producers/engineers went back and remixed and remastered everything, and for the first time (without the time constraints of an album side), put the songs back in the proper order. As a special bonus, four songs--all previously unavailable and picked by Frampton himself--were added back into the set. From a musical standpoint, the album holds up quite well, even after all this time (not counting the tepid cover of &quot;Jumping Jack Flash&quot;).<br />Having said all that, you're probably wondering... how's it sound? Outstanding. A&amp;M really outdid themselves on this one. They did a great job in the remixing and remastering process. It's a bit strange at first hearing the songs in a different order, but the album sounds better than ever before. In addition to the new packaging, there's a new essay by John McDermott, plus a ton of new photos and lyrics to all the songs. All reissues should look and sound this good.
B00001QEE2|5.0|I found this movie to be funny and entertaining. Hercules, the son of Zeus, was kidnapped as a child and was turned almost completly mortal. Hercules is adopted by an old couple, but because of his super-strength, he is an outcast. He goes on a search to find out who he really is. <br />Disney takes the Greek tale and turns it into a kid's movie. They did a good job except for the fact that Meg, Herc's crush, has a waist about the size of a dime. The original music is gospel and I love it. The songs are upbeat and catchy.<br />Little kids may be frightened at some parts of the movie, but it still makes a great movie for any child.
0525945636|4.0|If you are looking for an enlightening, educational read, get &quot;Galelio's Daughter&quot;.  But if you're looking for a few hours of escape, snuggled in your favorite chair, then read &quot;Code to Zero&quot;.  Hey - it's not rocket science, but it's fun.
0792842731|5.0|'Tomorrow Never Dies' might as well be called 'Pierce Brosnan Never Dies'- - in his 2nd of 3 Bond movies, hi is the ultimate James Bond, (next to the original Sean Connery of course!).  When a media-mogul (who is bad) threatens to 'take over the world with his company' (oh yay! Something new!) MI6 Agent 007 must save the world once again!    See it!    Starring : Pierce Brosnan
0451163516|4.0|In many ways, this is vintage Ken Follett. It is fast-paced and keeps you wanting to see what is going to happen next. The writing is good and he does a good job of developing his characters and plot. He also seems to have a good feel for English society in the period immediately before WWI. Despite all this, however, I found myself less than satisfied with the overall result. He gives you Feliks, a Russian anachist and murderer who is on a misguided mission to stop an attempt to negotiate an alliance between Britain and Russia because he is convinced that millions of Russian peasants will die. It never seems to occur to him that the coming war will involve Russia anyway and that millions of peasants will die with or without an alliance. Then Follett tries to make Feliks a sympathetic character. He has been badly wronged in his life. Well, for me, it didn't work. Feliks was still a misguided terrorist bent on murder. Then you get the usual improbabilities: women whose misguided sympathies cause them to let Feliks get closer to his target than he ever would; Feliks miraculously escaping capture despite all odds; and Feliks resorting to a completely improbable tactic at the end. The climax finds Feliks resorting to a tactic that can best be described as using an elephant gun to kill a flea. He needs to flush out the Prince in order to get a shot at him, but Follett would have us accept that Feliks would endanger all that he seems to hold dear in the process. Churchill's action at the end to retrieve the situation was clever plotting, but seemed obvious to me as soon as it was clear what Feliks was going to do. I'm rather thought it would have occurred to Feliks, too. It would have been another good reason to not do what he did.<br />In many ways, &quot;The Man From St. Petersburg&quot; is a good read. For me, though, it asked me to go farther in suspending disbelief than I was prepared to go. The clever ending was a little too clever, and left me somewhat less than satisfied.tisfied.
B00004R99F|5.0|I first saw this movie in theaters when I was about 10, but now, 5 years later, I still love it! This story is about Max, a teenage boy who doesn't really fit in, and Goofy, his dad. When Max pulls an outragous stunt to get a girl he has a crush on to notice him, it works! Max gets invited to watch the Powerline (a rock star) concert on tv with her. But when he gets home, Goofy surprises him with a father-son fishing trip across the country. The story tells about Max, his relationship with his father, and his desprate struggle to impress Roxanne. The original music is amazing and the stroyline is interesting and well done. It makes a great gift for any child or anyone who is a child-at-heart.
B00004SCX6|2.0|OK, Ms. Spears' sophomore effort is slightly better than her debut album. The lyrics are more mature, yes, but it doesn't change the fact that Britney's horrible voice totally drags down the songs. The listenable ones are #1, 2, 5, 7 and 9. The rest are bad. Period. Ms. Spears also still dresses like a skeezer (this year's VMAs for example), and obviously thinks that she's a sex goddess. She is gorgeous, yes, but she's not a good singer. I still say Christina is far better.
6304938276|4.0|Scream 2, starring Neve Campbell (like usual), David Arquette, Courteney Cox, and featuring cameos by modern 'Scream-Queen' Sarah Michelle Gellar, Jada Pinkett Smith, and more... is a great modern, '90s horror flick (although it's not exactly really terrifying), and has an EXCELLENT cast, - but Scream 2 just doesn't have that exciting, original, fun , and chilling feeling that the first one is filled with. The third Scream is better than this one I thought, (although it is even less scary than this one), but the first one remains at the top! See Scream today, - it is a great, fun film to see at sleep-overs, parties, etc. - But do not be in any rush to see Scream 2.
B000002NJS|5.0|Family matters have always been a good forum for Madonna.  After all, 1989's &quot;Like a Prayer,&quot; dealing with the breakup of her marriage, her mother's death, and her complicated relationship with her father, shattered the notion that Madonna was an artist best relied on for singles; the deep and expressive set made for a mature album that could be enjoyed from start to finish.  Unfortunately, subsequent recordings weren't as sharp: &quot;Erotica&quot; and &quot;Bedtime Stories&quot; definitely had their moments but just as surely had their share of filler.  Luckily for us, &quot;Ray of Light&quot; picks up on the flip side of &quot;Like a Prayer&quot;: this time around, Madonna's the parent, and the topic of family provides a springboard for musings on love versus fame and what a grown adult considers truly important.  Adding to the mix is her collaboration with electronica producer William Orbit, making &quot;Ray of Light&quot; one of the most mature and satisfying albums of dance music you're likely to ever hear.<br />And while the opening track gets things off to an unexpected start with a hypnotic slice of slow rock, the lyrics of &quot;Drowned World/Substitute for Love&quot; set the pace of the record: &quot;I traded fame for love/without a second thought...I found myself in crowded rooms/feeling so alone.&quot;  Halfway through the song the music backs off and Madonna distances herself from side-effects of fame: &quot;no famous faces, far off places/trinkets I can buy/no handsome stranger, heady danger/drug that I can try.&quot;  As the list continues the decibel level grows until both Madonna and her music are at an in-your-face level, clearly declaring that fame may be nice but enough is enough.<br />The club-happy &quot;Nothing Really Matters&quot; is another summation of her new point of view; singing to her newborn daughter, the onetime Material Girl admits that she once &quot;lived so selfishly,&quot; but now &quot;everything's changed because ofyou/nothing really matters, love is all we need.&quot;  The concept is simple but nonetheless a touching one.  It could even be argued that the album's first single, the entrancing &quot;Frozen,&quot; holds a deep premise.  Lyrics like &quot;you only see what your eyes want to see/how can life be what you want it to be/you're frozen when your heart's not open&quot; could have easily been written from her daughter's point of view, as if Madonna realized during pregnancy what changes in outlook her child would need from her and decided to set it to music.<br />Not all the lyrical content is parental, however: the slow hip-hop of &quot;Swim&quot; offers a grim look at current events with a nonetheless optimistic plea for change, while &quot;Shanti/Ashtangi&quot; sets her spiritual beliefs to a funky, computer-laden rhythm.  And then the midtempo &quot;Power of Goodbye&quot; and the near-Bossa Nova &quot;To Have and Not to Hold&quot; are flat-out love songs, albeit doomed ones.  Still other songs appear to be about nothing in particular: &quot;Candy Perfume Girl&quot; is a trippy electronica workout laced with seemingly random poetry, while the frenetic title track has a lyrical spin that is either about Mother Earth, the downscaling of celebrity, or something in between.<br />And while the drum-and-bass lullaby &quot;Little Star,&quot; a blessing to her child for a contented life, may come off feeling a little lightweight, the album's only true stumble is the spooky closer, &quot;Mer Girl.&quot;  Whereas &quot;Like a Prayer&quot; offered a moving account of a young girl missing her desceased mother in &quot;Promise to Try,&quot; &quot;Mer Girl&quot; is instead a dreamlike sequence in which a new celebrity mother is still in search of the mother she didn't have long enough.  It may sound like a touching idea, but lyrics like &quot;I smelt her burning flesh/her rotting bones/her decay&quot; are too dour and heavy after twelve tracks of mostly dance music.  But all in all, &quot;Ray of Light&quot; marks her most successful connection with dance music and her most compelling efforts as a lyricist.  It's a relief to know that, years after enjoyable ear candy like &quot;Holiday&quot; and &quot;Like a Virgin,&quot; Madonna grew up and matured over the years just like the rest of us.  As she observes on &quot;Sky Fits Heaven&quot;: &quot;isn't everyone just travelling down their own road/watching the signs as they go/I think I'll follow my heart/it's a very good place to start.&quot;  Very good?  Some would say brilliant.
B000002NIW|5.0|Deftones.........thats all I really need to say is just Deftones. This band never ceases to amaze me in every aspect of their music. For a band that's been together for more than ten years, never broken up, and never EEEVER changed their style or music, I think they deserve respect from everyone.From &quot;My Own Summer&quot; to &quot;Damone&quot; the special hidden track 30 minutes into track #10 Mx(favorite), overall the cd is non-stop, get up, bash your head on stuff, hard rock with a couple of spots to sit down and rest(Mascara, Dai The Flu).And I dedicate the song &quot;Lotion&quot;,track 7 on Around The Fur, to a man in the music business who took a perfectly good hard rock band, practically turned it into a terrible rap rock group,and then loses his chance at signing an awesome band by trying to change their music in the process of ruining his own. But he will not be named. I will simply call him &quot;Dred Furst&quot;. Around the fur gets a 10 out of 5. DEFTONES RULE!!!! `:-)
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Perhaps this is why the album is titled &quot;Brave New World&quot;! The newly reunited group is exploring some new territory while staying close to home. The guitars are heavier, and the songs are a bit slower than classic Maiden. This album can be described as a fusion of classic Maiden, Bruce Dickinson's solo work, and the two Blaze Bayley Maiden albums. Critics may have not loved The X-Factor and Virtual XI, but Brave New World shows some influences from those two albums. For example, on songs like &quot;Dream of Mirrors&quot; and &quot;Blood Brothers&quot;. My favorite songs on this album are &quot;Wicker Man&quot;, &quot;Ghost of the Navigator&quot;, &quot;Dream of Mirrors&quot;, &quot;Out of the Silent Planet&quot;. Classic Maiden lovers will love this album, as well as people who like &quot;heavier&quot; stuff like Metallica, Korn, Pantera, etc. I just wish that Maiden could have incorporated the &quot;personableness&quot; of Bruce Dickinson's Skunkworks into this new album. Skunkworks is a highly underated album. Anyways, this is a great album, and I appreciate it the more I listen to it.
B000002NIW|5.0|Deftones.........thats all I really need to say is just Deftones. This band never ceases to amaze me in every aspect of their music. For a band that's been together for more than ten years, never broken up, and never EEEVER changed their style or music, I think they deserve respect from everyone.From &quot;My Own Summer&quot; to &quot;Damone&quot; the special hidden track 30 minutes into track #10 Mx(favorite), overall the cd is non-stop, get up, bash your head on stuff, hard rock with a couple of spots to sit down and rest(Mascara, Dai The Flu).And I dedicate the song &quot;Lotion&quot;,track 7 on Around The Fur, to a man in the music business who took a perfectly good hard rock band, practically turned it into a terrible rap rock group,and then loses his chance at signing an awesome band by trying to change their music in the process of ruining his own. But he will not be named. I will simply call him &quot;Dred Furst&quot;. Around the fur gets a 10 out of 5. DEFTONES RULE!!!! `:-)
6305011575|5.0|This movie has horror written all over it. It is an amazing movie. Tim Curry does an absolutely stupendous job as the clown Pennywise. He scared me to death. Every scene chilled me to the bone. Stephen King proves to the world that he is the true master of horror.All the actors/actresses in this movie are all so talented. There is just a little bit of humor added into &quot;It&quot; which is always good in a horror movie considering I like comedies the best. It's a movie that shows the true meaning of friendship and how the friends all come together and it's amazing to see that their friendship is so powerful that it destroys the monster. It rocks!
B00003CWL6|5.0|When I think about what makes a movie great in my mind I invariably go back to the movie's ability to open debates, leave the future open for conjecture, leave the characters mid-stream in their lives. American Beauty never ends for me. It continues on with the rest of the characters' lives. Characters who have been transformed, redeemed, evolved and shocked from what might have been terminally depressing life trajectories. Who were the winners in this movie? Who were the losers? Were there winners and losers? Explain. Where will each of the main characters be in 3 years? In 30 years? Great stuff!<br />Usually when a film is as linear and unambiguous as this I soon lose interest. But the pacing of the character revelations and development is so well written that it really does compel me to &quot;look closer.&quot;<br />Oh yeah... great sound track.
0812589041|5.0|If I had to pick my top three authors, Card would defintently be one of them. I have just recently finished Speaker for the Dead and Ender's Shadow, and though EXTREMALLY well writen, they can not compare to Ender's Game.I could not put Ender's Game down for a moment, it had me glued to my chair. When I was finished, I was still not satisfied, knowing that Card had written more novels, and I had not read them. So if you're looking for a book, you've come to the right place.Here is a summary of what Ender's Game is about:<br />    Ender is a extremally bright young boy who is teased mercilessly by his peers, and his older brother Peter. He lives in a universe of little hope, scince space wars continue to rage against the Buggers(aliens) up above. When uniformed men come to take him away to the battle school in space, his only fear is losing his only friend, his sister Valentine. Battle School is a school for only the brightest children. He finds himself trapped in a world full of hatred and anger, not much difference from earth, excpet fpr the fact that the fate of mankind now lies in his hands.<br />(please excuse all grammer, usage, and spelling mistakes)
B00003W8NM|5.0|Every so often a movie bursts upon our cultural shores with direct hits on so many levels that it overwhelms our ability to completely absorb all the content in one viewing. This movie goes to work on enough different levels that it can hold the thinking viewer fascinated through a good dozen presentations at least. After all the signs, symbols, philosophies and twists have been deciphered there are still the detailed production values and crackling acting to keep us entertained. The screenwriting is precise, detailed, and hits the targets dead center. <br />In the end, after all the analysis and repeated viewings, there is nothing left to the imagination, everything having been presented explicitly in the course of the movie. There are really no open topics of debate, no unfinished threads. This self-contained completeness may eventually cause the movie to drop from my fascination radar but until that day, I enjoy the benefit of some well-crafted art. <br />I don't recommend this movie to anybody--not my best friend nor my worst enemy. People need to find this sort of thing by themselves.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I confess to be a late bloomer as far as being a Beatles fan is concerned. I think this cd is great beginner for people who just started getting into this timeless band. While I am currently waiting for Rubber Soul and Revolver to show up in my mail box any day, #1 is a excellent tide-me-over. Songs like \\"I Want to Hold Your Hand\\" and \\"Eight Days A Week\\" remains to be timeless classics that can never sound dated. Put those songs up against any song by today's current pop/rock acts and without a question of a doubt \\"Love Me Do\\" will kick a song like \\"With Arms Wide Open\\" (Creed) straight to the land of forgettable pop hits.
6305750750|5.0|Many (MANY) people complained that George Lucas made us wait far too long for far too little.  I thought Episode I was a great show.  Jar Jar this, and blah blah that.  People are natural complainers, but I had a grand ol' time watching this (3 times) in the theater and owning the video now.<br />Very few movies are perfect, yet most people EXPECTED this one would be.  Like any movie, it has it's problems I'm sure (whatever each person thinks), but George Lucas is not God, he's just a man who makes movies.  And this one I thought was very good.  I look forward to the next two chapters.<br />My only complaint is not about the CONTENT of the movie, it's just a disappointment in the fact that the DVDs are not available and the rumors that Mr. Lucas will NOT make chapters VII, VIII, &amp; IX!<br />Is the force with him?
B000056BSA|5.0|I went to see another movie with a friend but this was the only one that wasn't sold out. During the whole movie I was groaning and laughing at how terrible it was. As I was leaving the movie, I was still laughing. The movie stuck in my head. I have a copy on DVD ordered. Rent it first, before you buy it.
B000003TA4|5.0|Other people have said it, but This CD was voted #2 all time on the top 100 rock albums of all time.  It beat out 4 beatles albums (all but the one that beat it), bob D, and a  load of other albums.  I mean geez...you might not like vh1 but you need to listen to this album.
0783226063|1.0|This is the worst possible adaptation imaginable.  I would have given them credit for changing the story in positive ways -- due to the difficulty of translating such a complex novel.  However, this adaptation doesn't even succeed as good space opera.<br />The script, the art direction, the editing -- everything about this movie sucks.<br />I'm not one of those people who thinks that a movie should be faithful to a novel.  In fact, a few movies have been definitely better than their books -- notably Jaws, even Silence of the Lambs (book was very good, the movie a masterpiece).  However, the point in changing a story is to make something worth watching.  Read the book and hope someone makes a better version some day.  (I don't recommend the whole of Herbert's series.  Dune is excellent.  The rest get worse in rapid progression).
6304798482|5.0|...B movie.  It didn't try to be anything else and make no bones, it does what all of the really great B movies did. Kept a serious tone in its premise with the possibility of mass destruction by some mindbending horror if our heroes don't take care of the problem within a certain timeframe.  The actors took it seriously and some fine performances came out of Jeremy Northam, Josh Brolin and Charles Dutton, who probably knew this was the sort of film that would pop up in Enquirer trivia when they were more famous.  Had they and the director del Toro (who gave us a memorable vampire tale in CRONOS)not taken pains to be believeable, it would have suffered.  The ending is a little silly, but the heroes rarely died in the 50s monster movies either.  This did well in the theatre and altho I own the VHS, the DVD is a lot of fun on a good surround stereo system.  I look forward to the future work of del Toro, a gifted filmmaker to turn a fluffy storyline like this into a good film - like watching one of the great directors in their early days.  Northam adds presence and depth to Sorvino and Dutton gets more to chew on than usual.  I recommend this as a well done...B...movie, with some really memorable scenes and a few new scares.
6305784116|5.0|With all of the violent cartoons out today, we looked long and hard for something like Aristocats to share with our daughter.  She is sensitive to angry voices and loud noises so it was difficult to find a movie or cartoon that she could enjoy without having to skip the violent or noisy scenes.<br />Aristocats is such a perfect little show for her to watch over and over, she now knows all of the songs, imitates the kittens and runs through the house calling &quot;Duchess, kittens, where are you??&quot;<br />If you want your child to enjoy Disney classics without the witches and mean-spirited people, or worse, the later movies with violence and loud, angry voices throughout, this is the best chance you have to show your child the lighter, gentler side of Disney.
B00004BZ0N|5.0|If you don't own this record, save your money and purchase a copy. If you do own it, listen to all of the songs..not just the radio hit,\\"Train in Vain\\". This is definitely one of the best compilation of songs ever produced. Every track is a classic. The Clash put together the best sounds of punk/reggae/rock/pop. This music pulls you into the thoughts of the members of the Clash. The opening track,\\"London Calling\\" will cause you to raise your fist and stomp your feet and think about world destruction. The band members are tight...just check out their cover of \\"Brand New Cadillac\\". This record diplays the best of the Strummer/Jones writing. When this album was released in 1979, it helped create a much needed movement in the music industry. Their anti-establishment views surely were against the arena rock of the days. Any band that can write a groovin' tune about Montgomery Clift (\\"Right Profile\\") displays something that most bands wish they could possess. Many of the other Clash releases didn't possess this magic of songwriting. Even though we have begun the days into the new millenium, this record is still important in the history of rock.
0446608955|5.0|A WALK TO REMEMBER is one of my favorite books. it tells a story of  love and death, and that even though someone is about to die the love between the two people can still live. It tells a story about a helping person that soon becomes helpless to everything, life espeicially.
B000002KCI|5.0|i like 70's music a whole lot and Neil Young is def. one of my favorites.  I have alot of his music and i would say that this is his best, but it is hard to rank a Neil Young cd because there are so many great cds of his.  But I think this here is def. one the the very best.  Cortez the killer is completely amazing and will blow you away in my opinion, also Danger Bird.  Corez the killer and Danger Bird are equally great , but they are not the only good songs on this album by far.  I feel very sure that if you like Neil Young at all you will absolutely love this cd.  And if you like 70's music at all you will love this cd.  It is great all the way through and i have not gotten tired of it at all, if anything it grows on me.  Very good music, and its highly recommended.
B00003CXE7|1.0|I saw this movie five years ago.  It was called  *Braveheart*.  (And it wasn't much better than this tripe.)<br />There's so much to dislike, I'm not even sure where to commence.  OK, the music.  Laughably portentous rot by someone named Hans Zimmer.  Tragic violins.  Arabesque singing.  World Beat bongos.  The idea was to elevate the sophomoric material.  It failed.<br />Number two -- the notions of the Roman Empire.  The screenwriters seem to think that Senators were, rather like Hillary Clinton, ELECTED by ballots to their posts.  This made me chuckle.  A sad-looking Derek Jacobi, in a conversation with Joaquin Phoenix, proclaims at one point that the Senate, as opposed to the Emperor, is CHOSEN by the  &quot;people&quot;.  May I interrupt? -- No.  They were not.  It was a hereditary right.  Speaking of the people:  where are they?  I've never seen a movie where the populace is discussed so much without actually getting to KNOW any members of said politic body.  Perhaps the gladiators are meant to stand in for the  &quot;people&quot;.  If this was the screenwriters intent, they are again wrong.  Gladiators were celebrities, usually beginning their career as captured prisoners of war or common felons.  Hardly representative of the Roman  &quot;people&quot;.  At any rate, the movie's ideas of the Roman people are obtuse.  The word  &quot;mob&quot;  is given quite a workout.  Again, Derek Jacobi:  &quot;He  (meaning Commodus)  will give them DEATH . . . and they will LOVE him for it,&quot; re:  the apparent resumption of the gladiatorial spectacles.  This a rather sweeping statement.  If true, why's Commodus a bad guy?  Hell, he's giving them what they want.  The movie seems to believe that the Senate would represent the  &quot;people&quot;  better than the Emperor.  In other words, the screenwriters don't know from Imperial Rome.  The Roman Senate, from its inception, was a venal, aristocratic body who lived off the labor of Rome's slaves and poor tradesmen.  Julius Caesar was killed by SENATORS because he wanted to reform some of these indignities.  But the screenwriters believe that Rome's Senate musta been like the USA's Senate.  At last check, our Senators haven't owned slaves since the 1860's.<br />Number three -- the story.  Or what there is of it.  Synopsis:  *Braveheart*.  If ya seen that hullabaloo, you don't gotta see  *Gladiator*.<br />Number four -- performances.  Russell Crowe looks mightily unhappy.  Heck, the dude's grim even before his family gets hanged 'n' burnt to a fine crisp.  All the  &quot;Oscar&quot;  talk in these many Amazon reviews is wishful thinking, because not only did he get into some fisticuffs with Matt Damon but he also violated America's Sweetheart.  In other words, Hollywood don't like him.  He was better in  *L.A. Confidential*, anyway.  Richard Harris as Marcus Aurelius and Oliver Reed as Proximo bring in some of the old professionalism and canniness.  Joaquin Phoenix's Commodus is an unplayable part, so the disastrous result is not really his fault.  The screenwriters saddle the Emperor with Freudian hang-ups.  It's the same old song.  Daddy doesn't love me . . . blah blah.  Who cares.  Not only that, Mr. Phoenix steals from Ralph Fiennes'  Amon Goeth in  *Schindler's List*.  At one point, he even says of himself  &quot;Commodus the merciful . . .&quot; -- recalling the scene where Schindler tries to persuade Fiennes to not be such a wacko.  Well, that's typical of this movie's lack of originality.<br />Number five -- the production.  Dusty browns and reds.  Also, unaccountably, a stainless-steel blue atmosphere when we first see Rome guaranteed to make you squint your eyes.  Same applies for the first battle scene in Germania.  Dark blues and blacks.  Not much is visible; you gotta take the victory on faith.  The Germania scene was done better in  *Braveheart*, anyway.  Also, the gladiatorial fights are, as one reviewer wisely pointed out, done in the manner of an Oliver Stone production:  the camera whizzes around, shakes, convulses into time-elapse . . . all the modern goodies.  I think there were tigers in the ring at one point, but the camera wouldn't sit still long enough for me to be sure.  I'll take Kirk fighting against the net-and-trident dude in  *Spartacus*  on any given Sunday.<br />This movie sux.
B00004TJTQ|4.0|My Dog Skip tells the story of Willie Morris (1935?-1999) who gets a dog for his birthday.<br />Willie's (Frankie Muniz) best friend named Dink (Luke Wilson) goes off to War World II.<br />Willie's mother (Diane Lane) decides to get Willie a dog for his birthday. But his father (Kevin Bacon) vatoes the idea.<br />Willie names the dog Skipper, Skip for short.<br />In the spring, Willie's father lets him join Little League. And he hits him and Skip runs away. Willie Morris sends out a search party for Skip and his father goes the police.<br />My thoughts on My Dog Skip. First, if you are going to watch this movie, I reccomend to watch this movie with a box of tissues (because there is drama in this movie.) It was to bad that the real Willie Morris died before this movie. I reccomend this is you love drama movies. Plus there are some actors that you may or may not ever heard of before. I must warn parents that this movie does have language going on (so the best thing to do, if don't want your kids to hear bad lanuage, is to wait and see if an edited verison shows on tv in the future. Plus there is also some violence. So it seems to me, that this is Stuart Little in resverse.
0767802659|5.0|I agree wholeheartedly with Mike Gambit's comments (posted Jan 10th).  I too am shocked at how many people just didn't &quot;get it.&quot;  When I saw the ads for this movie I vowed never to see it; it looked like pure drivel.  At the suggestion of a friend's sister, however, I went to see it.  Absolutely brilliant!  A perfect hybrid of 1950's sci-fi and 1930's wartime propaganda.  If you pay close attention you will see that the movie was presented, basically, as a 90 minute commercial to join the armed forces! This and so many other subtleties (and not-so-subtleties) lost on the average viewer.... The (negative) comments posted by so many reviewers on this list make it clear that this movie sailed over their heads.  Too bad for them.
6302641888|5.0|&quot;Persona&quot; is not only Bergman's masterpiece; it is consistently ranked as one of the greatest films ever made.  It is admittedly difficult, but never pointlessly so.  The underlying spirit feels much the same as the High Modernist literature of the 1920s: a brilliant fusion of emotion and intellect resulting in a startling new form of expression.  Indeed, the opening sequence of the film -- &quot;a heap of broken images&quot; -- brings &quot;The Waste Land&quot; to mind, and Bergman himself remarked, &quot;I had it in my head to make a poem, not in words but in images.&quot;<br />Despite the unconventional style, one never has the feeling of novelty for the sake of mere effect.  The formal innovations follow from the content.  Much of the film, in fact, is shot in a fairly traditional way, though with Bergman's usual painstaking subtlety.  The detailing is even finer than one might expect, with every sound, almost every word, orchestrated with great care.<br />&quot;Persona&quot; is a deeply compelling film, but it is probably not an ideal starting point for a newcomer to Bergman's work.  &quot;Wild Strawberries&quot; is more straightforward and warmer; a great character study that retains elements of fantasy.<br />A final note: Avoid the grungy transfer on Hen's Tooth Video.  The MGM version is far cleaner and is worth the extra money.
B00003CXFU|5.0|This movie carried me all the way through to the end! If one can get past the amount of cussing, this movie really opens your eyes to the variety of struggles a single parent must face.
B00004XQ83|5.0|Wow!  Whoa!  Hey!  What a collection.  Can't say enough about this soundtrack.  Big kudos to the Coen brothers!  Put on this CD, close your eyes, and feel what it was like to live during the depression.  Music was the one free thing people could turn to to take their mind off their troubles.  Enjoy...  ahhhhhh...
B00004Z459|5.0|I am so happy with this offering from Linkin Park.  Honestly, I had only heard one track from the album but decided to risk it and order.  I truthfully like EVERY track on the disc-definately good stuff.<br />I like the combination of traditional hard rock plus rap worked in as well.  These guys have a unique sound-it doesn't sound like stolen material from other bands.<br />When I bought this disc I also bought one from Incubus as well, and I can say I'm thoroughly disappointed with that one (from a group which is better known than LP), but this is a permanent favorite of mine!<br />BUY IT!!!!
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I got this CD for christmas and I couldn't belive what was on it- My dad never knew &quot;The ballad of John And Yoko&quot; was a #1 hit until I got this album. Also it contains many songs that you've probably heard on the radio. RECOMMENDED TRACKS &quot;the ballad of John and Yoko&quot; &quot;Come Together&quot; &quot;Yellow Submarine&quot; &quot;All you need is love&quot;
6302516919|5.0|Christine is a movie that is worthy of being watched over and over again. With awesome special effects for its time and a great story line Christine will keep your attention from start to finish!!
B00003CX6P|2.0|I just finished reading this book and really enjoyed it. I dashed out to rent this DVD and had to stop halfway through for the sheer irritation of it all.  I finished it this morning<br />I didn't like this movie for two reasons. The gay card was used too fast and sends a odd message. Ripley's character is more complex  and making repressed homosexuality the motive for his actions is slow pitch. It's an easy solution and dumbs him down.  I'm not  comfortable with the message it sends of gays being psychotics and murderers. Oh well, that's Hollywood.<br />The acting was over the top.  It's too ham fisted and the actors were cast more for their star power instead of their actual acting ability. Oh well, that's Hollywood.<br />Rent this movie if you must but do not buy it. Read the book. Patricia Highsmith is a great writer and this movie doesn't do her justice. I think I just made a pun.
B00000JRTX|5.0|Excellent comedy with subtle British humor.  One of those movies I can watch again and again...never boring...a few bad words here and there but overall a very enjoyable light-hearted movie.
B00000016W|2.0|It is mind boggling all the hype surrounding this badly overrated CD. I like many of the Beach Boys big hits but this CD just doesn't cut it. On the version I borrowed, out of sixteen songs only the four lead tracks-Wouldn't It Be Nice, Caroline No, God Only Knows, and Sloop John B are of high quality. I Know There's An Answer, Here Today, and You Still Believe In Me are slightly captivating among the remaining songs. The problem here at least to my ears is that the songs all have a similar arrangement. Not slow and romantic like Surfer Girl or Warmth of The Sun or fast and jumpy like Fun Fun Fun and Surfin' USA. Its all mid-paced and kind of spacey with a strong lack of ooomph and too many special effects.<br /><br /> It boggles the mind how one television broadcast ranked this CD as the third greatest rock n roll album of all time. Geeze Louise, this album barely even rocks!  There is a strong lack of guitar presence throughout this collection and way too many special ef!fects. It trudges along like a sluggish snail and you can hardly wait for it to end. The harmonies all sound the same after a while and Brian hogs most of the lead vocals.  The lyrics may have some special meanings but that's based on the fact that you have not fallen asleep listening to the music.  How anyone can compare this to even the weakest of Beatles records is ludicrous.<br /><br />In my opinion, stick with a good compilation of the Beach Boys. California Girls, Help Me Rhonda, I Get Around, and other early hits will always remain classics and keep any party hopping. I have three of them and they all work fine. However, when Brian Wilson attempted to get too deep and stray away from grooving surfer rhythms, the result is a stony bore. Borrow it from a friend but save your money as this music just does not cut the mustard.
B0000524DH|5.0|This Re Make Was Great It Gave ME the feeling and excitment of seeing Elvis At his Best for the First time . He is just the best musical performer of a life time. I also liked the way thay edited  out all of the Fan things and added more Elvis.If You havnt bought this vidieo and your a Elvis Fan or Not this is one you should not miss. And If your not Elvis fan you will be after watching this vidieo.
B0000508U6|4.0|Coldplay is no Radiohead and no Travis.  Yes the music is similar.  Yes, the album is very good.  Yes, there are great songs.  However, their music on a whole is one step below radiohead and travis.  I think this a great debut album and it is better than both the debuts albums of Radiohead and travis (Pablo honey and good feeling).  However, this album is not comparable to bends, Ok computer, The man who or Kid A.  There is a lot of potential in this band, but their music sometimes sounds excessively drab and uninspired.  I look foward to see if they are the real deal in their next album.
6304795254|5.0|Michael Douglas plays as Nicholas Van Orton, a rich investment banker. Van Orton is sharp and outsmarts nearly everyone in his path.  He has also dealt with hardships in life and become very sucessful. His brother (sean penn)gives him a birthday gift that really challanges him and tests his ability.  This film is fun to watch more then just once. Its written very well and the acting is excellent.
B00000IOSU|5.0|Is this what some people would call her greatest hits live? Whatever it is, Sarah performs live as well as she does in studio. Over the last 10 years, I have listened to her music. Each song contains a unique story of love or misery. Sarah's voice is dreamy and melodically &quot;lazy&quot;. I say this because there's a lot of vocal sliding.<br />MIRRORBALL takes us on a journey back &amp; forth through sarah's career. There are so many great songs on this CD that I couldn't possibly say which are the best. My personal favs are FEAR and FUMBLING TOWARDS ECSTASY. They are both songs with suspense building. ICE CREAM is short &amp; sweet, just like the studio version. You'll hear a lot of approval from the audience because of Sarah's repertoire.<br />As a bonus, there's an enhancement on this CD. I've never seen it, but I'm told it's pretty cool. Another note: Some editions of the album will include a thin white film (cover) over the book, some won't. I have the CD with the film. It gives the cover sort of a pinkish hue.<br />Well, I recommend this disc to McLachlan fans all over. It's worth the money. Buy it now!
B00004TL21|5.0|That's everything the Deftones are. change was much slower than the rest of the songs on this album. Unlike Mudvayne, you could actually understand what they're saying. Pink Maggit is an interesting track as the album is. <br />To me it's actually even better than Godsmack. <br />Around the Fur is actually my personal favorite, but there's still no bad track. In exact i'd say that this is a 4.75 star CD. All the songs are favorites. It's just SO enjoyable to be able to hear this form of Nu-Metal. Other great Nu-metal bands: Cold, Staind, and Nothingface. There's more but those are my favorites. The A is put as Awesome. We've finally got something new, the Deftones. I will buy there next album whatever it is. Deftones are essential.
0684853523|4.0|Stephen King is (I believe) America's best-selling author. This is not because most Americans are functionally illiterate (although this is arguably true---use a word over three syllables in a sentence, preferably with a Latin suffix, and watch the jaws slacken).  It is not because King is a sellout, cranking out the literary equivalent of Jujubees.  It is because what interests King interests us, and because he works quite hard to deliver it in digestible form.  <br />&quot;On Writing&quot; is a quite unusual book---equal parts stunning, no-holds-barred autobiography on the order of Rousseau's Confessions and insider's look into the craft of writing novels and short stories.  King has always been pretty fearless in dishing himself up to the public---this is no J.D. Salinger, hiding under the bed and diddling an occasional fan.  But his courage in relaying the good, the bad, and the ugly in his life is simply astounding.  <br />Amateur writers are always seeking out the magical formula to literary success.  This is why books on writing represent one of the hottest markets in publishing today.  As King reveals, there is no magic formula.  You simply employ your God-given talent day after day, no matter how tough it gets or how the market responds, the best you can.  Writing is no easier than sculpting or painting---it is the product of an enormous amount of difficult and demanding labor.   To do it well takes more than the ability to turn a phrase or generate a compelling story idea.  It takes a willingness to go to work, day after day, just like everyone else in the world (okay, except the Kennedy family).  <br />I personally find King's stuff to be a mixed bag.  I've often wondered how someone gifted enough to produce riveting thrillers like &quot;Salem's Lot&quot; or &quot;The Shining&quot; could also crank out such hackneyed crap as &quot;Storm of the Century.&quot;  It turns out the answer is pretty simple---you do the best you can with the story you wish to tell, but some stories are better than others.  <br />A great book for any King fan or any aspiring writer (and aren't we all aspiring writers at some point?)
B000003TA4|5.0|This will keep us remembering the time before Cobain married Love, before the B-sides were released on Insestide, before Kurt killed himself, before any live CDs. this is a definite masterpiece. Polly is my personal favorite and it's also got the singles Smells Like Teen Spirit, Come As You Are(I love that song), Lithium(same for it)(i'm so horny/that's okay my will is good), and In Bloom. None of these songs are bad and they've all got different moods. Aggressive. Impressed. everything. It's a must for anyone. This has been a masterpiece and still is, and a definite modern-day classic! Even better than In Utero. Their better than Smashing Pumpkins. Also before Dave Grohl led the Foo Fighters and he was a drummer. It feels so perfect. The singles couldn't even be the best. There had to be a decision of what would become singles and it worked out enough. Even a non-Nirvana fan will love this. Not insanity either. That's what makes Nirvana a band i'll always remember.
0671042858|4.0|This is indeed Stephen King.  Who else could make a suspense story about a nine-year-old (but tall for her age) girl who strayed from the hiking trail on the Maine-New Hampshire branch of the Appalachian Trail?  Not only is King's story suspenseful, it is believeable.  I had forgotten how well King writes--his other novels so gripped me with their story lines, I never really considered his writing skills.  My loss.<br />In Legend, King tells his story from the perspective of the lost Tricia McFarland.  It's not in the first person--that would have detracted from the story line,as readers would wonder how a nin-year-old , one even tall for her age, could think in sentences of a mature adult.  This approach to the narration allows the author to think like a young lady, but narrate in terms ofa young lady's perspective.  Confusing?  Trust me.<br />Consider some of Tricia's thoughts as she muddles her way throught the forest. &quot;She said the Our Father, but it came out of her mouth sounding flat and uncomforting, about as useful as an electric can opener would have been out here.&quot;  Or,&quot;The moon was so bright that it had embarrassed all but the brightest stars into invisibility.&quot;  Or, when thinking of her mother,she says to herself, &quot;If Mother had been at Little Bighorn, the Indians might still have won, but the body-count would have been considerably higher.&quot;  When Triciaaccidently comes across an abandoned road in the forest, King captures the moment as &quot;the night stretched out ahead of her like a thousand miles of empty road.&quot;  Mosquitoes?  They were clustered on the back of her neck, lined up just below the hairline like kdrinkers at happy hour, guzzling their fill&quot;  And the scene in which Tricia and a wild bear meet in the forest is uncomparable King.<br />King's c hapter headings are called Pre-Game, First Inning, Second Inning, and so on.The title of the novel comes from TRicia's hero-worship of Tom Gordon, Boson Red Sox pitcher whose chief responsibility was that of entering the game as closing pitcher, that is, as the one responsibe for protecting a lead.  There is a real Tom Gorgan on the Red Sox team,but King assures us in an author's Postscript that his Tom Gordon is fictional.  Tricia hallucinates throughout her adventure,seeing Gordon, talking with him, and being guided by his calm and wisdom.<br />Child=like, but not childish.  Big Surprise.pitcher whose chief responsibility was that of entering the game as closing pitcher, that is, as the one responsibe for protecting a lead.  There is a real Tom Gorgan on the Red Sox team,but King assures us in an author's Postscript that his Tom Gordon is fictional.  Tricia hallucinates throughout her adventure,seeing Gordon, talking with him, and being guided by his calm and wisdom.<br />Child=like, but not childish.  Big Surprise.
6305358567|5.0|A great from director Shekhar Kapur with the amazing talents of Cate Blanchett, Geoffrey Rush and Joseph Fiennes, Elizabeth is one of the best movies from the 1999 Oscar rush, (deserving the Oscar, but trapped in a very tight race with Shakespeare in Love, yet another fine Elizabethian story line) and wowing me with the outstanding script and direction.<br />Based on the first years of Elizabeth I reign, every moment and emotion is captured with perfection by each character. Although gruesome at times, the story was very true to most historical documents from the time period. The hardship to keep ones throne, and the bias against women is gently, but deeply outlined by the perils Queen Elizabeth is forced to face. With ease, Kapur brings out the reality of Elizabeth and her England.<br />A must see with extremely romantic and historic undertones, it is well written and beautifully pieced together. Brilliant!!!
B0000060NF|5.0|This album was ranked as number four in VH1's list of the 100 greatest albums of rock and roll.  Easily the best R&amp;B album of all time and will be used as a standard for all R&amp;B artists to measure themsleves against.  This is not a typical love album that some may think, because of Marvin's other well known songs like &quot;Sexual Healing&quot; and &quot;Let's Get It On.&quot; Marvin uses this album as a way to reach out to the black community through the  his emotional songs.  Marvin gives us a real dose of life in the ghetto and a message of spreading the love instead of the hate.  Buy this album and just listen to the lyrics, they will truly make you think about life in general.
B0000549B0|5.0|Harvey is a film without effects.  It does what every film or book should do, it stimulates your imagination.  I grew up in the age of special effects and Star Wars and ILM wizardry.  Were this movie to be made today there would be some mystical rabbit in some form floating around that we all could see(Think of maybe Roger Rabbit or Jar-Jar Binks).  Because there is no rabbit, it only isolates those people who can see the mysterious Pooka of which Elwood speaks.  Jimmy Stewart's performance is one of the best in his career.  Don't waste time on effects, focus on the character that develops in Jimmy Stewart, and the way his character changes those around him.
0767832248|5.0|De Niro and Willaims had been friends for years and despite Williams's efforts to get the Charles Grodin part in &quot;Midnight run&quot;, this would be their first time working together.  De Niro plays Leonard, a man who has been catatonic for almost thirty years as the result of a childhood neurological illness. Williams plays doctor Sayer, who contrary to other doctors' opinion believes that Leonard and other patients are not necessarily vegetables, although they appear to be in a vegetative state. Through painstaking experiments with a new drug he manages to free them from their catatonic state. For some patients the transformation is permanent, but for others like Leonard, it is a frustatingly brief awakening. &quot;Learn from me!&quot; - he says hauntingly and poignantly to Sayer, as he is about to lapse back into somnolence. This is probably the most heartbreaking moment of the movie!  The awakening is so tantalisingly brief that it's like a revelation or falling in love! It's when you watch these people who are totally immobilized that you realise how lucky you are. There are so many things in life that we take for granted: you're so depressed when you think about your tax return but you forget that there are people in this world who have to struggle every day to accomplish some simple gestures that appear so obvious to you, like getting up in the morning and comb your hair. If you lose some of your faculties, you really appreciate them better when you haven't got them anymore. And when you get them back, you feel so lucky. But when you lose them again you realise how precious some &quot;trivial&quot; things can be!  I wasn't surprised to see Robin Williams giving an absolutely magnificient performance in this movie, cause I had seen him before playing this kind of character (remember &quot;Dead poets society&quot;?). But I was absolutely mesmerized by De Niro's performance: he has played so many monsters throughout his illustrious career, like Travis Bickle, Al Capone, Max Caddy or Rupert Pumpkin, but here he is now, showing a genuine warmth that people had never seen on screen before. Once again the man proved that if you give him a great script and when his powers of concentration are fully engaged he is simply unbeatable!kle, Al Capone, Max Caddy or Rupert Pumpkin, but here he is now, showing a genuine warmth that people had never seen on screen before. Once again the man proved that if you give him a great script and when his powers of concentration are fully engaged he is simply unbeatable!
0790749815|5.0|How do you get someone to keep watching something?  Involve them personally.  Hitchcock did this perfectly in North by Northwest.  No one could care less about some playboy ad executive in New York, but let him experience something unusual at the same time the audience does, it draws you into the picture and makes it personal.  Cary Grant's character Roger Thornhill is as clueless about what is happening to him as we are.  We are discovering like he is that all is not as it would seem.  Consequently, he reacts like anyone would.  This is what makes this movie so good.  It makes you believe it could happen to you. Let the mystery unravel and find out what happens.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|I wasnt going to write a review for this cd but I just felt compelled to after seeing all the nasty reviews it has.  I am a fan of classical music and consider myself to be intelligent and a capable listener, not given to quick judgements.  I bought this cd and assumed I might like maybe one song, but actually the entire thing is pretty good.  I freely admit that this isnt really a form of &quot;music&quot;.  If you want true music then you have to listen to classical music anyway.  Modern popular music is just what the name says-popular music.  Its not meant to showcase talent or skill at composing or anything like that.  Its just entertaining.  And I will say that this cd is entertaining.  The music is good clean fun.  Thats about all you can expect anyway these days, after all this is the age of the nasty boy bands, and they have NO talent AT ALL.  All they have is a big amount of Money.  Dont bash somebody for doing nothing wrong.  If you want Bach then buy Bach.
B00004BZ16|5.0|Yeah yeah, it's too long, but there's SO much great material on here that it still merits 5 stars.  &quot;London Calling&quot; had hinted at it, but this is where the Clash proved that they weren't just content to remake &quot;White Man in Hammersmith Palais&quot; four hundred times likes most of their contemporaries in the punk scene.  Standouts: &quot;Rebel Waltz,&quot; &quot;The Leader,&quot; &quot;Junco Partner,&quot; &quot;Lose This Skin,&quot; &quot;The Equaliser,&quot; many many more.  I'd rank it as their best.
B00001QGIQ|4.0|Pinocchio is a Disney classic in that is from the Golden Era of the studio and beautifully animated. The backgrounds are extraordinary, the detail astonishing. The clocks in Gepetto's workshop were drawn from models the studio actually made to aid the animators. The opening shot demonstrates the first use of the multi-plane camera; layering background and shooting from several different levels. The underwater scenes and especially Monstro the Whale are spectacular. Having said all that I do not like Pinocchio. The Collodi story, considerably domesticated here, is too dark. It is disturbing, unrelentingly so, and it is one of the few Disney animated features I do not own for that reason.
B000056HOZ|5.0|Excellent. Every thing rom rosalita to Born in the USA is great. Best released Video on the BOSS yet. I play guitar and do a lot of SRV but the BOSS is fun to crank out. I wish they had a DVD on the 199-00 tour...
0684853523|5.0|By reading Stephen King's 'On Writing' I expected a few good points about the craft from a favorite author.  I received a very rich perspective about writing and life.  King peels off his skin to reveal an imperfect past with neither shame or rationalization.  He places each memory into a puzzle board revealing a wonderful picture his life and how his experiences affected his stories.  This is especially true after his horrific accident a few years ago.  Between autobiographical bookends to &quot;On Writing' King provides pointers about the craft.  Rather than dealing with the subject in grass blade detail, he broadens the readers viewpoint about key tools and important objectives before putting pen to paper.  It is a lively discussion intended to broaden a writers perspective without constraining their creativity.  Obviously, I enjoyed the book, picked up some excellent ideas about writing, but most importantly, received a lesson about how loving life is the foundation to good writing.
6303020089|5.0|When this movie first came out, one of the tv networks showed the first and last episode of the original series. I viewed the movie shortly afterwards and was impressed by the way the movie writers left the storyline intact, of course with present day updating. The Fugitive is one of many past television-series-turned-movie, and is one of the best; I would also suggest Mission:Impossible. I thought it was amazing that the entire series was summarized in 1 movie. Tommy Lee Jones is the perfect antagonist (as usual). This movie is wonderful; get the sequel US Marshalls to complete the set.
B00003CXMG|5.0|When the music was extremely creative; when love, peace and Rock 'n Roll were the motto... Do I sound too nostalgic? Maybe because this movie and its music makes you feel that way.<br /> Take 'America', Simon &amp; Garfunkel's super-hit, for example. My wife and I decided to get married while listening to this song. And so it goes. Elton John's 'Tiny Dancer' - extremely beautiful moment in the movie.<br /> It makes me remember the fact that music seems to be there for a reason, and it is to tie sounds to your memories, to times during your life, and that is priceless.<br /> Definitely worth seeing, owning, and listening to also.
B000002TWN|5.0|One of the greatest all time funk/jazz/r&amp;b/ CD's to grace my compact disc player!  A grammy award for each song!  D'ANGELO should be able to live comfortably for the rest of his life with this stunning CD!  Whoa!  Any spare goose bumps!!!
B00004TWZF|5.0|I simply don't get it: I admit it. How possibly could so many people have found this version of \\"The Big Blue\\" dissapointing, boring, with lousy music... ???<br />I saw the film for the first time some ten years ago in VHS (a very poor setting I have to say): back then it still had the soundtrack played by Eric Serra as well, which happens to be in my opinion, one of the most beautiful pieces of music ever created to go with a movie. In fact, the movie and the music are partly responsible for my love for diving, dolphins and the sea, after movies such as \\"Jaws\\" scared the heck out of me when I was a child.<br />Plus, the storyline is so beautiful; and the photography (the first minutes in B&W, from then on in radiant color, capturing the Mediterranean Sea, both over and under the water), is breathtaking. If you add to that the dolphins, Rosanna Arquette and Jean Reno's acting (he's hilarious!), the movie can't get any perfect. It deserves FIVE stars all the way.
0140177396|4.0|John Steinbeck's Of Mice and Men is sad, linking novel, which shows the human side of two men, and the compassion that they share for one another.  The novel isn't an indept character story, but a relationship story, a bond between two men, and how far one will go for the other.  Foreshadowing is evident in the book, and at just over 100 pages, you know what is going to happen within the first 30, but that isn't the point.  Steinbeck wants us to look at life from a different side.  He wants us to see the awful situations that present themselves to people, and how those certain people handle it.  Although Of Mice and Men is a simple read, the message and inpact the story leaves with you, will go far beyond the thin paper pages it was typed on nearly seventy years ago.
B000002KNU|5.0|Well the can be nothing more said about this album than fantastic, I saw the band live in 78 and went straight out and bought this album. And for a debut album it is a classic and made me a heads fan for life also tom tom club and byrnes solo stuff, the lyrics are meaningful and musicianship great the band just blend. How many people out there would like to see them back. The tracks on this album are brillant everyone knows physco killer but I think it is one of the weaker tracks, my favs are first week last week, who is it, and new feeling. It has cost me lots to replace all my heads albums to cd, but this was the first one i changed they say cd's do not wear out i think mine will soon.If you have only heard the later heads cds then get out and buy this now it is the best thing they did.
B000002KHH|5.0|This album is the most known of Sabbath albums. This album has a lot of radio hits and most times if you have heard any song by Black Sabbath it probly was from this album. But one thing I would suggest if you want this album.......Buy the Castle version and not warners! War pigs is not even as good as bootlegs of live shows with the song!  lol. Now it's time to review each track........1. War Pigs / Luke's Wall - Very anti-War song here. Very much in with the times. If you like this song YOU must buy &quot;Black Sabbath vol.1 Story on VHS. War Pigs Live on there is awesome! &quot; anyways....... 100% . . .  2. Paranoid - Fast and so true. This track may have been very much a filler but the words were not and the fast guitars and drums move this song right along. &quot;If you like paranoid the song then check out Megadeth's redue of the song on NIB -tribute to Black Sabbath&quot; anyways.......100% . . . 3. Planet Caravan - Slow and very dark. This one sounds so different from normal for Sabbath that some think that Ozzy didn't sing it! 95% . . .  4. Iron Man - A song that is down right one of Black Sabbaths most super songs ever! &quot;If you like this song maybe you should also try out &quot;Johnny Blade&quot; off of Never Say Die&quot; anyways..... 100% . . . 5. Electric Funeral - The most evil sounding song on here. I think of it as The toughest Black Sabbth tune ever. 100% . . . 6. Hand Of Doom - Dark and sounds perfect to go with Electric Funeral. 95% . . .  7. Rat Salad - Instrumental. 80% . . . .8. Jack The Stripper / Fairies Wear Boots - Very much a hit. It's even somewhat funny. 95%. ... . ... . . .If you like this album you should check out the following: Black Sabbath- Masters of Reality, Black Sabbath- Black Sabbath, Black Sabbath- Sabbath Bloody Sabbath, Black Sabbath- Sabotage, Black Sabbath- Vol. 4, Black Sabbath- Never Say Die.
B00004XOWM|4.0|just hearing 30 seconds of each song i thought it was very good work i will be buying this cd real soon would love to download it any suggestions please write to me       thanks
B00004SCX6|1.0|Britney should realize she is a pop singer, not an R&amp;B diva and her producers should find more Britney-appropriate material for her.  There are maybe two OK songs on this album.  After a while, her nasal, childlike vocals irk me to the point of throwing something.  Act like a hooch and sing like an angel with a cold...I just don't get it!
6301969294|5.0|If you really look at the meaning of this movie, it's about man being true to himself, no matter what.  By being true to himself, Mr. Roark gets everything he wants, love, fame and fortune.  Excellent.
B000002NHN|5.0|In the accompanying Booklet/notes to this CD,Ms McKennitt invites the listener on her journey,and to determine how each wishes to be effected by her music ,and music in general,that is to hear the spiritual message or hear the material sound,each having its rewarding aspect.Both are on offer here,and the task is to see which classification you fit into.This CD works on a number of levels.Ms McKennitt has written,adapted,played on,sung the vocals and produced a minor masterpiece.She has fused traditional folk or New World music with a rich Celtic heritage that intices and intrigues the listener like a novel from Umberto Ecco and yet satisfies her wanderlust and love of Middle Eastern musical forms..wow.it is nothing if not an experience and ambitious!!<br />The interpretations have imagery.intimacy,poignancy and brilliant storytelling narrative cemented in a folk/Celtic music genre.The basis is the vocal interpretation and that clear and angelic voice,sufficient to have the listener swept alongwith her in her journey,and that journey,like a long train trip has available stations on its length to allow the traveller to disembark and follow their own personal reflections and to consider what the songs and the music mean to each personally.<br />From the narrow streets of Venice and Istanbul,to the solitude of the Skellig Islands,to the romance and daring of the 18th century Highwayman,to the beauty and stoic existence of Northern Italy and the monastic life,to the Russian Steppes and the stark scenery of Siberia,to being a passenger on a caravan with Marco Polo and to observe the Fools dance with rich ribbons and boughs of the forest..this is a marvellous travelogue for the senses.The arrangements are beautiful.The Celtic flavour is mixed with the mystery and the percussive sound of the Middle Eastern musical tradition perfectly.This type of music defies ready classification.The concept is not a new one,and can be seen in the efforts of Pink Floyd and Alan Parsons to name only two,but like any successful attempt the product must work,and this is a further example of Ms McKennitt's developing maturity as a performer.<br />I personally recommend the haunting beauty of Skellig and the romance and the storytelling of The Highwaymanwhich captures the marvellous Alfred Noyes poem and fires the imagination.To each his own,but you would be hard pressed not to find this CD growing on you after each listen.The CD is worth the purchase price alone for the accompanying booklet which offers an insight into the rich tapestry that formed the basis of this project.From the readily accessible rustic and joy in nature of the Mummers' Dance,to the haunting Dante's Prayer and the Night Ride Across the Caucasus,you are in for a treat.My recommendation,is adult,accessible,beautiful,imageladen and a worthy addition to her catalogue and to any serious lover of music.This is the thinking persons Enya with a 4 1/2 to 5 star rating.Go on work up a sweat of the senses and travel the roads of your imagination with Marco Polo and spy into this Book of Secrets!!!ame only two,but like any successful attempt the product must work,and this is a further example of Ms McKennitt's developing maturity as a performer.<br />I personally recommend the haunting beauty of Skellig and the romance and the storytelling of The Highwaymanwhich captures the marvellous Alfred Noyes poem and fires the imagination.To each his own,but you would be hard pressed not to find this CD growing on you after each listen.The CD is worth the purchase price alone for the accompanying booklet which offers an insight into the rich tapestry that formed the basis of this project.From the readily accessible rustic and joy in nature of the Mummers' Dance,to the haunting Dante's Prayer and the Night Ride Across the Caucasus,you are in for a treat.My recommendation,is adult,accessible,beautiful,imageladen and a worthy addition to her catalogue and to any serious lover of music.This is the thinking persons Enya with a 4 1/2 to 5 star rating.Go on work up a sweat of the senses and travel the roads of your imagination with Marco Polo and spy into this Book of Secrets!!!
B00001NFCY|4.0|this is album is amazing call them Hurled Ham wanna be-s christin rock neah, they are great their lyrics have a great meaning to them their only problem is Scot Stapp sing more clearly then it would be purrfect!
B000005HBI|5.0|After reviewing &quot;Travelling Miles&quot; from 1999,I decided to delve back to 1993 to see the basis for the former and to identify the progression in style and product from earlier Ms Wilson.Again I found this to be an adult CD requiring a serious attempt at listening to be fully rewarded,again the result is a unique,ambitious and soulful interpretation of some contemporary blues and soulful songs with the trademark Wilson touch.For those serious enough to step outside the square,this is for you..and in spades as well!!!<br />The talent is again that*voice* and the interpretative touches she puts onto songs by Van Morrison, Joni Mitchell and Robert Johnson,as well as others,including her own compositions Redbone and Blue Light Til Dawn.She is a maverick of the most interesting kind.I could see the street lights flickering ,the cats squelling the sirens sounding, the rubbish cans rattling,as I staggered home in the pre dawn hours..and that husky smoke laden delivery in my mind.Come On In My Kitchen and Hellhound on My Trail are provocative..if you dont get a kick at listening to these..check your pulse ...you may be dead!!!!<br />I think her interpretaion of I Cant Stand the Rain is excellent.This song lends itself to a Wilson interpretation,more interesting than the commerically exploited version of Eruption in the disco laden 70s and the interesting treatment given to it by Ronnie Wood on one of his albums years later.<br />As with the Miles Davis tribute,I found the muscianship excellent,with Ms Wilson showing her up front approach to a sparse and percussive accompaniment.This truely is an excellent album,that requires to be given a number of listens before the true talent can be appreciated.This will grow on you,and be played periodically from your collection,when the other commerically and talent limited divas have disappeared. Turn off the lights,late at night and listen...you will be drifting between midnight and dawn..a classic sound from the evolving and maturing Ms Wilson.4 1/2 to 5 stars,a worthy addition to your collection.maturing Ms Wilson.4 1/2 to 5 stars,a worthy addition to your collection.
079283321X|5.0|My brother say's it's very close to Raging Bull with Bobby De'niro.Rocky inspires everyone that you can get that dream you want.It's a brillient story of ordinary boxer doing his trade who gets a crack at the big one the heavyweight champion of the world. Four more rocky's came after this but this is my favourite and the original and made Sly Stallone what he became.He wrote this film and he was the Director as well so he is not as stupid as people make him out to be. Buy this and put it in your collection it's a must forget the rest of them(rocky's) sorry to say.
B00003CXIY|5.0|If you don't like Tom Green, don't let that throw you off of this movie. Tom only plays the narrator, and he doesn't have that big of a role. The real stars are a group of unknown actors (if you've seen Darren somewhere before, he was Kramer's intern on an episode of Seinfeld). The movie is about a guy named Josh, who has a girlfriend that he's known since he was five years old. Then, at the start of the movie, he has a fling with another girl, makes a videotape of the night, and accidentally mails it to his girlfriend Tiffany days later. His girlfriend lives in Austin, Texas (which Tom Green gets confused with Boston, Massachusetts, a hilarious running joke through the movie). Josh lives in Ithaca, NY. Josh, realizing that his relationship with Tiffany could be in jeopardy, travels from Ithaca, NY with three friends, to Austin, Texas to intercept the tape before she does. Along the way, they get into a series of hilarious disasters, like the car exploding after they jump a bridge; staying overnight in an all-black fraternity with scrawny, stuck-up Kyle being the hit of the party; killing a snake (Green takes care of that), midterms, stuff like that.  This is the Vacation of college movies. It's hilarious, rude and crude. I was laughing almost the whole time. As for the DVD, there's some nice features. The deleted scenes were OK. There's also the standard trailers, a director's commentary, and standard making-of feature. On top of that, there's a very nice transfer. Oh, and the unrated part? That's for a women's locker-room scene.
B00004SCX6|5.0|1. Oops!...I Did It Again(I this this song is cool!) 2. Stronger(This song is awsome)3. Don't Go Knockin' On My Door(This song is cool and awsome)4. Satisfaction (I Can't Get No)(This is so cool!)5. Don't Let Me Be The Last To Know(This song is nice..)  6. What U See (Is What U Get)(This sog is cool)7. Lucky(This song is nice)8. One Kiss From You(This song is nice and awsome)9. Where Are You Now(This song is cool) 10. Can't Make You Love Me(this song is cool)11. When Your Eyes Say It(This song is cool)12. Dear Diary(this song is cool)
B003UESJJC|1.0|Coppola must be getting marketing advise from George Lucas.  Not surprising Coppola is a bum buddy of George.
1556154844|4.0|I received this book from a friend as 'the definitive word' in Software Construction.  I took it home and read about 4 pages before I put it back down and wondered what was Slashdot.  Slowly and surely I have been reading it, a chapter at a time.<br />The book is good, and as you get deeper into it, it provides some helpful checklists to use as you construct code.  Examples abound of good and bad code, but, being a 'newcomer' to the computer world, the mostly Pascal examples are sometimes worthless to me.<br />Being a Java programmer I wish that there was an overhaul of this book to include UML and more on OOP then what it currently has.<br />A section on the accelerated development cycle of the web would be good too.<br />If you work for a large IT Firm, and/or you find yourself in charge of software development at your company, this can be a good book to read, and a helpful guide.<br />YMMV.
B000001EGA|5.0|This semi-autobiographical concept album from the combined talents of John/Taupin is something special indeed. At the time of this release Elton was at the top of the tree on both sides of the Atlantic, thus giving him a substantial amount of success on the commercial front of the business.<br />'Captain Fantastic &amp; The Brown Dirt Cowboy' was a commercial success in itself, but musically it takes us away slightly from that side of things. Don't be expecting another mammoth onslaught like 'Goodbye Yellow Brick Road', which incidentally is my favourite Elton John album, 'Fantastic' hits the highs in the concept music field. So, initially, you couldn't really compare these two albums.<br />Where the lyrics are concerned this is Bernie Taupin at his very best because he was given a story to pen with all the rare classics on this album, and my own personal stand-outs are: The title track along with 'Tower of Babel', 'Someone Saved My Life Tonight', (Gotta Get) A Meal Ticket, and 'We All Fall In Love Sometimes'-'Curtains'. Musically I feel there is something for everyone and with the Elton John band in fine creative force as usual, this one was always a hit.<br />Take a look at that artwork on the sleeve-Wow!...what detail-that's something else...by courtesy of Alan Aldridge. A blown-up version of the cover was used as a backdrop for Elton's concert at Wembley Stadium in London in June, 1975. This whole show was devoted to Elton performing the entire 'Captain Fantastic' album for the first time in public. No doubt some devotees would have been a little disappointed at the fact that E.J. didn't sing any of his classics, but this must have been some event to been in attendance at because in support that day were the likes of The Eagles and The Beach Boys. Did anyone reading my review attend that particular concert? If so, it would be nice to hear from you to tell me what it was like, you can contact me at tony.marshall2@ntlworld.com<br />Anyway, completing the CD remaster is three bonus songs that weren't released on the original album, two of which are John Lennon collaborations. The first being the chart topping 'Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds'(I like the original, but there is something special about Elton's version). Next up is a fine uptempo ballad by Lennon that Elton makes his own once again, 'One Day At A Time'.To round things off nicely is the classic U.S. no.1, 'Philadelphia Freedom'-Wonderful stuff!<br />Buy this album-you'll be doing yourself a favour...
B000002LOE|5.0|This album was the first of three great albums that REM made in the nineties.  The popularity of &quot;Losing my religion&quot;, &quot;Shiny Happy People&quot;, and &quot;Near Wild Heaven&quot; made it the breakout album that put them at the forefront of popular music.  Although some die-hard fans considered the album a sellout, I think this album covered a lot of new ground for the group.  REM stepped away from their previuos sound, and took some risks.  Just listen to the opening track &quot;Radio Song&quot;, and you can tell that this is not your typical REM album.  Heck, Michael Stipe even sounds happy during a few of the songs.<br />Personally I like the diversity of the album, and think that any REM fan should own it.  It is very strong.  If you like the two albums that followed: Monster and Automatic for the People, you will definitely like this one.
B00000J7JO|5.0|the red hot chili peppers are back in full form with this album. They have thier old gutarist back and are better than ever. Being a fan mostly of heavy metal I must say that the calm songs are really catching on. My favroite tracks are: otherside-great ballad,californcation-great slow song,around the world,get on top-both of these satisfy my heavy style. Overall this is a great cd and I hope to see more peppers in years to come.
B000001F5F|5.0|U2 has always been a great live band.  This album captures the power of their early material during live performances.  It includes great performances of classic U2 anthems &quot;Sunday Bloody Sunday&quot;, &quot;New Year's Day&quot; and &quot;I will follow&quot;, and a fewer lesser known gems like &quot;Party Girl&quot;, and &quot;Electric Co.&quot;, and &quot;Gloria&quot;.<br />Althought this album is short (only eight songs) it is a great disc.  It truly reflects the passion that U2 had when they were young and hungry as a band.  I recommend this album to any U2 fan, especially to fans who may not be familiar with the earlier years of the band.  Instead of buying all 3 albums (Boy, October, and War), buy this one instead to get a good sampling.  You won't regret it.
B00004TH83|5.0|Lara Fabian has everything to become an international star.. with her charisma and unbelievably good voice, she's my and probably others' bet for the next &quot;Celine Dion&quot; -like popstar. I first saw Lara on the TV screen at home back in 1988, when she was young and unexperienced.. Her soft, yet so powerful voice is absolutely unparallel... and she really shows us both of two worlds in her CD with her performance. The good thing about this CD is that it can appeal to different age-groups, her up-beat dance hits is more targeted at the younger audience, and her ballads is perhaps more appealing for people in their 20s - 40s.  I'm also impressed with the massive 'live' symphony orchestra used in many of her songs... which in my oppinion adds more professionalism and grace to it all. Its also fun knowing how much Lara and Celine have in common. For instance, Lara and Celine both were discovered in Canada, they competed in the same year in the annual Eurovision Song Contest in 1988 which was held in Ireland. Celine represented Switzerland (!) and Lara Luxembourg. Billions of people watch this every year around Europe, and Celine won the contest and Lara Fabian finished in 4th place (out of 25 contestants). Lara's song back then was called &quot;Cuore&quot; and she performed quite nicely.
B00003CXDG|5.0|What can I say apart from WOW! MI2 has got to the best film I've seen. Everything was so believable. The fact that Tom Cruise his all of his own stunts made it a one of a kind film. The filming and sequences were genius. The music was well chosen for all of the scenes, if you haven't yet seen the film you need to. You're missing more than you know if you don't. Between the producers, Tom Cruise and Paula Wagner, and the director Jon Woo they have made a film to remember. The scenery was stunning, the idea of it was remarkable.  I really hope that they make an MI3.    It is really hard to pick a fault with it, and I couldn't possibly say which my favourite bit was.
B000002UAX|2.0|Being a black man in a dominant white world, sometimes it can get hard. This CD could have been great. One problem. They named it the white album, with an all white cover. Why not the black album? What, are they rascist or something? Give me a break, Billy The Preacher and got a barbeque chicken wing stuck on your pinky ring. The Beatles rule all. Give them probs, and buy this album if you want to get down like Diamond Dallas Page did.
6304493681|3.0|I tried to get into GITS way back in 1999 and it just didn't wash with me. I thought it was because the material was perhaps above me and that this kind of sci-fi was outside of my comfort zone. Now, all this time later, I decided to revisit the movie hoping that my older, more refined judgement would let me see the movie in a different light. Nope. It's still as impenetrable as it always was.<br /><br />In light of more recent sci-fi such as Deus Ex: Human Revolution, Transcendence, and even RobocCop when you think about it (all of which have a strong thematic connection), GITS does have some relevance and an intriguing idea in a world that is evolving digitally far, far quicker than it is evolving socially or ethically. The story has so much to offer in that regard, it's ripe for satire, commentary, and allegory but nothing becomes of it. The credits roll at the 78 minute mark leaving you feeling that you've been short-changed. There is a lot of potential in the set-up but it's mostly squandered on techno-babble and overwrought, pompous dialogue that is rife with exposition.<br /><br />The movie was followed (and its universe expanded) by a sequel in 2004, an OVA, and a TV series, but this original venture feels more like a truncated TV pilot instead of a completely stand-alone movie. I am glad I gave the movie another go but the adoration mystifies me and the fans don't convince me.<br /><br />The DVD is in Dolby 5.1 and is anamorphically enhanced at 1.85:1.
B000002MFN|3.0|After releasing four studio albums full of mostly accessible dance-pop/pop balladry, Madonna seemed to have decided to go for something a little different.  Always one to be at the forefront of pop culture, EROTICA was Madonna's record geared toward the underground rave/dance culture.  Continuing the thread begun with 'Justify My Love', EROTICA features hard, cold dance beats coupled with Madonna's most detached vocal work to date.  Because it was such a distinct departure from her previous work, the album was met initially with mediocre response, despite its' attempt to be &quot;erotic&quot;.  I personally hated it the first time I listened to it.  No, this is probably the first(and only)Madonna record that takes repeated listens in order to ingratiate itself  into the brain.  None of the tracks jump out upon first listen with the exception of the very fine 'Rain', still one of Madonna's best ballads.  The title track is essentially a 'Justify My Love' rehash with a different producer.  The album had several potential hits, but for some reason such snoozers as  the appropriately titled 'Bad Girl' and the house rave-up wannabe and just plain bad 'Deeper and Deeper'were the tracks selected to essentially represent the album.  Besides the aforementioned 'Rain',  other standouts include 'Thief of Hearts' and 'Waiting'.  For those who didn't give this record a  second listen, give it another try.  Now that Madonna is reinventing her sound with literally every album, just think of this as the beginning of something great.
0195117298|1.0|Try as I might, I have not been able to find any ideas within this book that add insight into the nature of our Universe.  The author presents a tangled viewpoint which cannot be proven or disproven due to the fact that it suggests nothing.<br />While reading this book, I was reminded of &quot;The Physics of Immortality&quot; by Frank Tipler.  Although the Tipler book was far more entertaining and original, both books appear written by &quot;scientists&quot; who are trying to construct some sort of supernatural framework in which to justify an unstated religious viewpoint.<br />The best religious texts contain little science and the best scientific texts contain little religion.  I am always disappointed in a book which tries to connect both and winds up subtracting from the beauty of each.
B000002MUW|5.0|After the lukewarm response to EROTICA, Madonna forged ahead and again chose another musical form--r&amp;b/hip-hop--to convey her music.  That said, BEDTIME STORIES remains my personal favorite Madonna album to date, if only because there is not one piece of filler to be found.  From the gorgeous opening grooves of 'Survival' to the closing of 'Take A Bow', this record is all about substance.  Addressing her personal life in much the same way she did with LIKE A PRAYER, she not only tributes her mother on the beautiful 'Inside of Me', but snaps back at her critics with 'Human Nature', a biting and almost tongue-in-cheek take on what she thinks about said critics, proclaiming &quot;Oops I didn't know I couldn't talk about sex....Oops, I didn't know I couldn't talk about YOU&quot;. It truly remains one of her most brilliant records, and was unjustly overlooked at radio.  All in all, an album that should go down as one of her masterpieces(along with LIKE A PRAYER and RAY OF LIGHT).
B000002BUY|5.0|INCUBUS WITHOUT A SHADOW OF A DOUBT, IS THE BEST ROCK BAND OUT THRE RIGHT NOW. THEY ARE SO UNIQUE AND BRANDON BOYD IS THE MOST AMAZING SINGER I HAVE EVER HEARD. EVERY BAND MEMBER IS AMAZING. THERE CD S.C.I.E.N.C.E PROVES THAT THEY HAVE THEIR OWN UNIQUE STYLE AND ALSO PROVES THE BAND MATURED FROM THEIR LAST 2 ALBUMS. ANY ROCK FAN THIS IS A MUST HAVE!!
0380789019|5.0|This is my new favourite book. I have looked so long for a good fantasy book, and finally found it. At my high school, I am the president of a book club and have to read new books all the time, so rarely do I find a book good enough that I want to read it instead of having to. Gaiman's charachters are well developed and colourful. All I want is for him to write a sequel! Immediately this book grabbed my attention and kept me sucked in. I read it in hours, I couldn't put it down. And when I finished, I read it again! Anyone who is reading Harry Potter but looking for a more adult book, read Neverwhere.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|First off I would like to say that Savage Garden has got to be one of the best bands that do not get enough credit from radio stations and listeners. What other band could possibly come up with the music that Darren Hayes and Daniel Jones compose together? I haven't heard such a good writing team since Paul Mcartney and John Lennon, they are just extremly amazing. Anyway on the album, it's got a good wind down to it. You start with a couple of up beat songs,the a slow song..it's got a great feel to it. They really showed they're writing skills on this one and how they matured as song writers from they're first album. Very Melodramitc music with tasteful lyrics! Anyway I give this album (And Darren and Daniel) five beauful roses for this one! Keep it up! I love you guys! Sincerely, Rose Storm
0345406680|5.0|Lomax is a common man who has survived and overcome the most brutal of human sufferings.  He is drafted and sent to Singapore just prior to the Japanese invasion. He is captured, send to work as a POW slave on the Railway line to Burma and subject to unspeakable torture and suffering. He survives but is a damaged man. He struggles daily both physically and mentally. This book is his effort to explain what happened and try to gain some understanding.  His language is beautifully simple and sincere and captures all the pain that he's had to endure.  It is a gut wrenching and emotionally draining story. The ending is very moving. I won't spoil it but highly highly recommend it.
B000002MIF|4.0|Most fans of The Smiths and Critics rate this second to &quot;The Queen Is Dead.&quot; &quot;Hateful Of Hollow&quot; is a collection of b-sides and live sessions(BBC Radio 1, John Peel.) As The Smiths are one of my favorite bands I think everything they did is great and &quot;Hateful Of Hollow&quot; is essential as songs like &quot;These Things Take Time&quot; and &quot;This Night Has Opened My Eyes&quot; are not found on the other Smiths compilations but I question weather &quot;Hateful Of Hollow&quot; is their best. These are my two objections....<br />First of all, almost everyone I know who has this album says they like the live sessions of The Smiths self-titled songs on &quot;hateful Of Hollow&quot; more then the originals. The Smiths self-titled is my second favorite Smiths album(&quot;The Queen Is Dead&quot; of course being the best.) The live sessions are weak compared to the original album. I can't seriously believe people like them over the album! The music is slow and Morrissey barley sings to the emotional level on The Smiths Self-Titled. Most people say the live sessions on this disc are more raw and organic but that isn't so. The Smiths Self-Titled is already raw and organic, it has barely any fancy studio work and has a perfect honesty and innocence to it as where the live sessions sound like they were played for the first time with basement equipment. The live sessions aren't bad, they just aren't as great(In my view atleast) to The Smiths Self-titled.<br />Second is people always dismiss the &quot;Louder Than Bombs&quot; compilation over this. Without &quot;Louder Than Bombs&quot;, you are missing out on songs like &quot;Is It Really Strange&quot;, &quot;Panic&quot;, and &quot;Ask.&quot; <br />So those are my two objections but of course this album is brilliant. The Smiths are one of the best bands and every one of their albums is essential. Enough said
0553106635|5.0|I have already extolled the virtues of George R.R. Martin's &quot;A Storm of Swords&quot; in an earlier review.  For those of you who are fans of this series---for reasons that should be obvious to anyone reading these reviews---Martin's first foray into fantasy, &quot;Fevre Dream,&quot; has been recently reissued in England, and is available through amazon.co.uk.  Certainly one of the &quot;classics&quot; of contemporary vampire literature, written with much greater skill than Ms. Rice's novels, this work, first published in 1982, is similarly set in New Orleans and along the Mississippi River and its tributaries during the mid 1800's, as much an ode to the former glory of the steamboat trade as a reworking of the legend of vampirism. Recreating a brief yet important period of our history with an obviously loving and detailed historical and nautical accuracy, George R.R. Martin, while borrowing much from the traditions of vampirical lore, at the same time reinvests those traditions in ways that are fresh and original, eliciting both horror and sympathy with his characters. As is evident in his more recent and popular &quot;Song of Ice and Fire&quot; cycle, Martin's characterizations are complicated and motivated by desires often in conflict with one another, creating tensions and undercurrents that go beyond the confines of the plot, and, along with his skilled prose and attention to detail, bring both his story and his characters to life.<br />Despite the misfortune of being out of print in the United States, we are fortunate enough to have had the book recently reissued in England as part of the Gollancz/Orion Masterworks of Fantasy series, and I would highly recommend that anyone interested in horror/fantasy, George R.R. Martin or vampire fiction spend the money to obtain it there.  If you are enjoying &quot;A Song of Ice and Fire,&quot; you will certainly enjoy this!  Hopefully, with all the deserving interest that the author's new series is generating, some publisher in the States will wake up and republish it here. Considering that all of Anne Rice's novels are still in print, this work is certainly and arguably more deserving.  I hope this information has proven helpful.
B000050IMG|2.0|Although this movie is worth a few laughs for ADULTS, it is basically a glorified porno flick and should not be shown to young children. This would seem to be obvious, but in the movie theater I went to see this sub-standard film, there were quite a few idiots there with their young kids (at an R-rated movie? Couldn't you find a sitter?) and the kids seemed confused and disturbed much of the time. Yes, I laughed a couple of times at this movie, but it was not easy with little girls watching the same thing. If you have a young child, especially a little girl, and let them watch this film with four ... scenes and an adult ..., you are a disgusting piece of trash who should be thrown in jail for child abuse. That was my experience with watching this film in a &quot;family&quot; theater.
B00000099Y|5.0|This album by far is one of the best pieces of music I have ever heard.Since I bought this album about 6 months ago, I don't think I've gone a day without listening to it. There is not a bad track on the album.One thing special about this album is that it contains not only songs that are instantly appealing, but also songs that grow on you with each listen. While Stinkfist, 46 &amp; 2, and Aenema are instant classics, songs such as Eulogy,(which has grown into one of my personal favorites)Hooker with a Penis, Pushit, and Third Eye have proven to me their worth as great tracks as well. This album is one of my favorite albums of all time. If there was one cd I would tell someone to get, it would be this one.
B000002540|4.0|On Your Feet Or On Your Knees was my introduction to BOC's early material. Soon after hearing it I rushed out and bought the groups first three essential (black and white era)studio albums. This is from the days when groups PLAYED in concert, stretching out on tunes in a live setting. Some of their best early songs are here plus covers of The Yardbirds and Steppenwolf, two groups that definitely helped shape BOC's sound.Let us not forget the great instumental 'Buck's Boogie', a guitar showcase for Mr. Roeser with some ripping Hammond B-3 playing from Allen Lanier. The overall sound quality is a little uneven,taken from many different concerts on the Secret Treaties Tour. I still rank this with Kiss Alive, and Rush 'All The Worlds A Stage' as the best heavy live stuff of the mid 70's.
B00000JY1X|4.0|The Magnetic Fields- 69Love Songs<br />Carly Simon rightly observed that 90 percent of all songs ever recorded are about romance. So isn't it logical that if someone should make a triple album with one theme should it not be Love?  Over these three albums Steve Merritt explores love in all its forms; Divine, sacred, neurotic, profane, lustful and humorous.   Musically, the triple album plays like a cast album of a Broadway show. But Meritt is as much a mini Sondheim as he is Brian Wilson or even a Numanoid.  Variety is what keeps the listener interested over the three discs.  Genres and instruments are mixed. And vocalists' alternate between tracks like the musical equivalent of a Robert Altman ensemble film  (from the Neil Hannon-esque textures of Merritt's own vocal to the stoic soul of Claudia Gonson). What is clear is the while variety is indeed the spice of Merritt's (love) life it is also his Achilles Heel. The songs that do not work (\\"Punk Love\\", \\"Love is Like Jazz\\") are musical experiments that go wrong, but they are saved somewhat by the knowledge that there will be another great track coming on in a few minutes.  And the wonder of the great songs is immense. They are so great, in fact, (check out \\"Sweet Loving Man\\", \\"Crazy for you (but not that crazy)\\" that you wonder why they weren't included in \\"Greatest Hits of 20th Century Pop\\". A truly fine record.
B00003CXC7|4.0|The local cinema is suddenly showing the restored version of Rear Window, so my film club went to watch this thriller classic. And we were not disappointed.<br />It's about a photographer (James Stewart) who's temporarily chained to a wheelchair because of a broken leg, and in his boredom he spends the weeks peeking at his neighbours. One day, he thinks he witnesses evidence that one of the neighbours has killed his wife, and this is where the suspense takes off. Accelerating into a thriller story like only Alfred Hitchcock made them!<br />Rear Window is a brilliant thriller, and obviously it has been the source of inspiration for a lot of crime stories. A must-see (and this not only because of Grace Kelly).
B00004Z459|5.0|When I first heard &quot;One Step Closer&quot; on the radio, it didn't really catch my attention.  However, once I purchased the CD, I realized that that wasn't even close to the best song on the CD and LP had so much more to offer.  Their creative mix of two vocalists (one rap and one rock) is perfect along with their incredibly mixed guitar effects and turntables.  The bottom line: buy this CD if you're a fan of the genre, and if you aren't, you soon will be...
0553213105|5.0|Can anything be better than reading Pride and Prejudice? I feel so stupid about myself now after having seen by my own eyes the creativity, the skills, the intelligence, and the passion for love that another being of my race can possess, and even more embarrassed that that person has also a heart so good as to venture the task of puting all these into use in a single book of unbelievable plots and conversations. I suggest you not to read any reviews here at all, for they will spoil the elements of surprise.<br />OH, how much I wish I can love like them!
B00002Z88D|5.0|Not many probably, but this does - and better than you'd think! First of all, it's all live - so the atmosphere's already there and flowing. From the intro track &quot;The Ecstasy Of Gold&quot; to the powerful &quot;Battery&quot;, this album is breathtaking. I personally woluld have liked &quot;The Unforgiven&quot; or &quot;Orion&quot; on there, but it hardly matters! This album is done with the San Fransico Symphony, headed by Michael Kamen (who did the orchestration on The Black Album's &quot;Nothing Else Matters&quot;), and they make it sound as if the Orchestra was always there! The two new tracks are &quot;-Human&quot; which is pretty good, and &quot;No Leaf Clover&quot;, which is now one of my most fave. Metallica tracks. They say that's nothing's perfect, but there's an exception to every rule, and this 1999 2CD album would be it. If you buy just one Metallica album in your entire life - make sure it's &quot;S&amp;M&quot;!!!
B000002J7U|5.0|This is one of the best of Vangelis' albums.  Mysterious, profound, exciting &amp; extraordinary.  Is one of the precious few Vangelis CDs which has actual vocals.  Anyone who remotely enjoys any of Vangelis' music will love this one.  One of the definitive New Age releases of the 1990's;  a can't miss!
B000002LGW|5.0|I actually attended this concert (Section F6) and that's me (and thousands of others) singing in rapt admiration on &quot;Everything Counts.&quot;  This CD STILL brings chills every time I listen. All the definitive DM songs are included (except &quot;Route 66&quot; which was a cover anyway.) They are true to their album versions for the most part and this CD is edited well so the music is not interupted with crowd noise.  This CD should replace &quot;Catching Up with DM&quot; in your collection.  The feelings behind the 80's synthesizers truly come out.  A Classic for the fan or the casual 80's listener.
B00003CXHJ|2.0|This could have been a great movie.  This could have been an excellent movie.  Yes, it was a major fudging of history.  However, the ENIGMA, which was the focal point of the movie, was all too real.  The breaking of the ENIGMA code (by Alan Turing of Princeton university) was arguably the single greatest factor which served as the impetus for an allied victory in WWII. The ENIGMA was the encrypted message system the Germans used to deploy their fleet. So convinced were the Nazis that it could not be broken that they refused to believe it was compromised, even when they began losing ships &amp; submarines at an alarming pace.  However, that's another story.<br />As other reviewers have pointed out, this movie is pure fiction about the Allied recovery of ENIGMA equipment.  In real history, it was the British, not the US, who were successful at this.  However, if one is willing to just &quot;go with it,&quot; this still could have been a decent movie.<br />What causes the undoing of this movie is the acting.  Or, should I say, the lack thereof?  Matthew McConaughey, in particular, turns in a truly horrid performance.  He is so dull &amp; bland that he makes Kevin Costner seem flamboyant by comparison.  Bill Paxton isn't much better.  I nearly fell asleep when these two had their CO / XO talk early on in the film.  Watching both of them attempt to act was about as exciting as seeing an earthworm compete in a 100 meter dash.<br />If you want to see a great submarine movie, check out &quot;Das Boot,&quot; &quot;Crimson Tide,&quot; &quot;The Hunt For Red October&quot; or &quot;Run Silent, Run Deep.&quot;  If you find yourself having absolutely nothing to do on a Friday night, &quot;U571&quot; might be worth renting after you've seen every other submarine movie ever made.
B00000JCB2|5.0|THIS CD IS THE BEST. WELL CHOCLATE STARFISH IS A BIT BETTER BUT THIS IS A MASTER PIECE. I LIKE ALMOST ALL THE SONGS,ESPECIALY bREAK STUFF. THIS CD IS MUST BUY
B0000062GK|5.0|Well, Satriani has a remarkably high standard of music, thats for sure. But Crystal Planet is beyond music, beyond masterpiece... There are at least 5 songs (Up in the sky, crystal planet, lights of heaven, secret prayer, ceremony) which are guaranteed to be among a satch fan's favourites. Crystal planet (3rd track) is probably one of the best 3 songs of Joe since &quot;Not of this earth&quot;. For sure this one is the ultimate satch record IF you didn't like &quot;Joe Satriani&quot;, and &quot;time machine&quot;
B0000524E5|4.0|This fast paced movie, with a definite wild side, will have you stomping your feet in no time.  While it tends to lack in its story line, it will keep you entertained with its high-energy bar scenes.  Lovable John Goodman rounds out the cast of beautiful woman and one incredible Aussie, making this a fairly enjoyable movie.  If you seek depth, you're looking in the wrong place.  Coyote Ugly is pure fluff with just a bit of romance and a little starving artist appeal.
B000000W6F|4.0|This is a very good debut album from a great band. This album isnt one of their best though. The album starts out strong with the rockin track I Am One the olny song not written soly by Billy Corgan. James co-wrote this one. Siva is a bit more unique. I realy love this song. Rhinoceros is a slow phsicdelic song.Bury me is one of the best songs on this album. The bass is just great. After that i get lost in the next two songs. they just arnt specail but no skipping nessacary. Triesta is my favorite song on this album. Its realy upbeat and sort of hippish. Window Paine is realy cool but kind of creepy when he starts to sing accapella.its cool though. I dont like daydream because D'arys vioce is bad. Shes good on harmonys though. The music to that songs very pritty though. the hidden track is a good finisher. I think 5 stars is given out way to much, so im only giving it 4.  If your goona get all of sps albums get this them in order so you can see how they changed (and it is dramatic). If your olny gonna get 1 get Mellone Collie. This album is better than most rock albums. Billys voice is great(allthough he shows it better on other albums).Also,Darcys bass is very good this album. If you like phsycadelic music you'll probably like this album but most rock fans will like it a lot.
B00001ZWTT|3.0|Will Smith, as the legendary Jim West, was a brilliant choice for this captivating remake.  The special effects were exceptional and extremely inventive, but they did seem to go a bit overboard at times as did the entire plot.  Kevin Kline, as Artemus Gordon, provides for some hilarious sidekick antics to West's straightforward but comedic demeanor.  The DVD contains commentaries from the producer and director as well as a look behind the scenes into creation and mishaps of the production.  After seeing all that went into the movie, I was able to appreciate it more.  In true Warner Bros. Fashion, this movie watches more like a Bugs and Daffy cartoon than a Wild West Hollywood flick.
0440219078|5.0|My class had to read this book. I am in the 7th grade, and this book is great. I couldn't put it down! I thought it was interesting learning about how different Jonas' community was from our world. This book is slightly science fiction with a twist of many other types. I recommend it for middle schoolers or anyone who likes a good book that will keep you turning pages!
6305718954|5.0|Me and two of my friends rented the DVD while spending the night at one of our houses. It was really scary, but after it ended we had a really great, long conversation about religion (especially after viewing the alternate ending) You can enjoy it if you're superficially watching it for a scare, or really studying it. Some of the themes are atheism, priests not being able to be with someone they love, and practices of the Catholic church. This is one you can watch more than once and never be bored, I know because I bought the video!
0812589041|5.0|Packed with futuristic drama and warfare, this book is a stand-alone novel that gives Science Fiction a legitimate look.  <br />Ender is a child with superior mental abilities.  He's been bred and trained that way...and to save humanity.  But he doesn't know this, nor does the reader; at least not completely.  The ending is an awesome spectacle to behold after following Ender's development throughout his young life.  <br />Five stars and no less for this great novel.  Mr. Card is obviously a master storyteller along the same lines as Dan Simmons, Frank Herbert and Isaac Asimov.  Enjoy!
0553106635|4.0|George R.R. Martin is certainly one of the most skilled writers in the genre today, and &quot;A Storm of Swords&quot; unfailingly continues to uphold the rigorous standard he set for himself in &quot;A Game of Thrones&quot;. The enormous cast of complex characters, combined with complicated intrigue and a riveting plot make the book almost impossible to put down.   <br />The world of the Seven Kingdoms is richly detailed, but more impressive is Martin's facility to create an atmosphere through detail. From the way he writes, it would seem that he knows what every tankard in every inn looks like, and what every one of the thousands of warriors, knights, and aristocrats is wearing down to the last buckle, even if these details are not always included. In short, Martin clearly knows his world inside-out, and thus is able to convey even more than is usual an atmosphere of reality in a fantasy world. He also excels in scene-painting, and every sensual nuance comes alive--sometimes, in violent scenes, more than one might like.  <br />Another feature that sets Martin apart is his unpredictability. Even the most jaded reader will be surprised by something in the plot, which hurtles along in a speeding fury, killing nearly everyone in its path. There are no indestructible characters, which is rare for any genre.<br />Martin is also unique in that there is very little good and evil; even the Lannisters, who were pure evil in the beginning, are starting to morph into more complex characters. The reverse is also true, and most of the sympathetic or neutral characters reveal traits that are downright nasty. Nice people don't last long in Martin's world, as Eddard was first to learn; and sometimes the cruelty of even the most sympathetic characters can be jarring.<br />As for the characters themselves, Tyrion is just amazing. 'Nuff said.<br />However, I am disturbed by all the comparisons to Tolkien, as well as the widespread assertion that there is no fantasy out there better oron a level with this. Martin's approach, which is to develop multiple threads and follow each (for the most part) separately, has the upside in that it contributes to the overall complexity of the story. However, this approach also has a very distinctive downside, which is that character development and the reader's emotional involvement with the characters must take a permanent back seat. This plot is so immense, so sprawling, that ultimately it leaves no opportunity for the reader to become deeply absorbed in it--there are too many things which require the reader's attention for this to be possible. Each plotline skims the surface of an idea and a character's development, but because of the limited time slot is not able to explore them in greater depth. <br />For example, Jon's plotline in &quot;A Game of Thrones&quot;, when he was making friends and enemies in Castle Black, was vaguely reminiscent of &quot;Ender's Game&quot; in the challenges that were presented to the character. Unfortunately, because Martin had so many other threads to take care of, most of the development in this thread went on behind the scenes: in one chapter Jon would be on bad terms with most of the boys. Then the plot switches away from him, and by the time it returns, Jon has managed to adjust and make some friends. The transition occurred while we were following Dany and Eddard--and while we certainly wanted to know about them, the fact that this major transition happened without us automatically means that Jon has become more distant from the reader than he otherwise might have been.<br />There is nothing wrong with this approach to the genre; it is a certain style that appeals more to some and less to others. Its main advantage is that it gives Martin a huge canvas upon which to use the many colors in his palette, an opportunity to create an endless array of dramatic events and atmospheric settings. But the disadvantage cannot be ignored, which is that although the broad and complexstoryline is &quot;a mile wide&quot;, it is also &quot;an inch deep&quot;.<br />Another thing which makes this different from most fantasies is the absence of a sense of the magical, of quests and the inevitable destiny of some few great ones. This is a tale that is mainly of political intrigue and war. As such, it bears almost no resemblance to epic fantasy, and shares closer ties with military fantasy. Thus there is very little sense in comparing this work to Tolkien's, for there is very little resemblance beyond the fact that they share the same bookshelf. It is also ridiculous to say that it is better than various epic fantasies, because the strengths of Martin's work are the weaknesses in most epic fantasy--and vice versa. Both have valuable elements to impart to the reader, and both should be considered separately.
B000002NHN|5.0|I see 232 customers already reviewed this, so I am 233.  Unbelievably beautiful, haunting, deeply touching music.  Great songs, great blending of instruments.  Loreena is extraordinary!  Wonderful....  I highly recommend this.
B00000IOSU|5.0|Sarah McLachlan truly shines in this marvelous album. She clearly impresses her many fans with that voice and that spirit she has within her, the energy and the sadness.   I Will Remember You is such a wonderful song, magical yet painfully honest. You can tell she really loves to sing and the joy she brings us is more than enough for us to be loyal fans. She is one of the FEW artists who dwell on true talent, voice and song-wise, and not on sex appeal...
B000050FEN|5.0|Now don't get me wrong, this is a great disc. Freeman and Pitt work extremely well under the direction of Davy Fincher, and the supplemental material is amazing. The only problem I had with this DVD, and something not mentioned as an extra feature..., is the PC Friendly software which you have to install if you watch your movies on a dvd-rom. It crashes quite often (I've seen it on more than a few computers), and the picture quality isn't as good as it is with other dvd's played through PowerDVD. I pipe my video card straight to TV and the sound to a Dolby 5.1 system. The sound is great, but the picture is off when played through a dvd-rom. On a regular dvd player it's fine however. All I can say is that he extra web features are great, but the player lacks a lot and you have no choice but to use the player that comes on the disc. So to reiterate: A great movie, but lousy software.
B00003CXB4|5.0|This is a great movie, which begins with Simba and his friend going to the hyenas' terrain.  Simba's father finds out and jumps down a cliff to save them, but dies.  Simba blames himself and runs away.  He meets two new friends and grows into a full-grown lion.  Then Simba's old friend finds him and makes him come back because Simba's uncle Scar is king and has let the hyenas take over.  The lions are starving and dying.  Simba comes back.  The lions overthrow Scar and the kingdom becomes happy again when Simba becomes king.  This is great movie and if you haven't seen it, SEE IT!
B00003CXE7|3.0|I like Ridley Scott and was expecting this to be a well made movie with an interesting story, but was sadly disappointed.  The acting was poor and the story and characters were uninteresting.  It's nowhere near as good as the epic movie Spartacus.  Spartacus had great actors, relevant political themes and had several powerful philosophical ideals running through the story.  I loved the scene where Spartacus and the man he was going to fight to death in the arena were sitting together while 2 other gladiators fought outside their holding pen.  No dialogue and none was necessary, but you could really sense the fear and tension the 2 characters were feeling.<br />This Gladiator movie was okay, but not worth buying.  It's not something I'll likely watch a second time.  It just isn't very interesting and the acting doesn't seem that sincere either.
0440539811|5.0|but for me--it's a catalyst for mental growth, and could very well make you a nudist, a Buddhist, or whatever.  If you ever wondered what the heck is going on--this book will tend not to help you, but if you have *never* wondered what was going on, this book might make you ask. Right around the 23rd reread, you'll experience your fifth major epiphany about life, etc.   Yes, it is that good.  Folks used to linear thought may want to read it slowly, however.  My advice--read it twice! Thrice is nice. Fnord.
0385495323|5.0|Absolutely a top class review of history of cryptography, fascinating, very well structured and written. Precise references with clearly described explanations and captivating descriptions of most important ciphers and cryptoanalysts. The pleasure I had from it, push me to strongly suggest this book to anyone like me, who likes numbers, history and cryptography.
B00004TL21|5.0|Haunting would be the best word to describe the Deftone's new CD White Pony because even hours after you listen to the CD, Chino's lyrics linger on, the inflections, the lows and the high, all stick and haunt the listener. The guitar's modulations and the drum's double pumps can be felt right in your gut when blasted. Perhaps the best example is Digital Bath which sets the mood for the rest of the CD. White Pony is definately one of the best CDs i have heard in a while.
B00004TJFL|4.0|I was sort of negative about watching this movie before I saw it because the fourth one was so poor, but all in all this is a pretty good movie. I particularly liked the emotional side of this movie. Seeing Michael so emotional (an actual tear rolling down his face) was very cool. One thing I didn't like was using a mansion as the Myer's house though! Why change the house? And also the way Michael looks.
6305265488|4.0|I agree with the previous reviewers who liked this movie. I did not expect to like it. The first time through it was a little silly to me. It felt like light-weight romantic mishmash. But something compelled me to watch it again  the next day, and I discovered that a great deal happens in the beginnning of the movie that I missed the first time around.<br />For instance, the manservant who is sold into bondage. He was Danielle's father's top servant. Once I recognized his face, the plot made more sense. The stepmother and wicked stepsister  are sinister and ridiculous at the same time. And the &quot;good&quot; stepsister was a good idea. It made more sense to have one of the other young women be empathetic to &quot;Cinderella.&quot;<br />The young prince was just right, full of strength and spirit, and not too perfect to be believable. And Drew Barrymore! Why, this move makes me want to go out and rent every other movie she's made. She was superb in this film!  Just mouthy enough to be exciting, and just docile enough to be ultra-feminine in a lithe teenage sort of way.<br />&quot;Ever After&quot; is an excellent light historical romance. Sweet and cliche but that that's OK. This is not realism. In fact, it's supposed to happen in France, but some (not all) of the actors use English accents. I can imagine that preteen and young teenage girls would find this the best movie of their lives.  Adults can also find a great deal here to enjoy.  Highly recommended!<br />I liked it!
B000002GY9|5.0|Brillant! A CLassic ! Enough Said!
B000002VCU|5.0|Fans of Eye in the Sky will have to backtrack a few years and go out and buy this album now, as it is a &quot;Friendly&quot; combination of Eye in the Sky style songs on side 1, and a concept album on side 2! Both should be taken in their own rights to be fair though, side 1 has some beautifully crafted songs meant to be heard by themselves, such as &quot;Games People Play&quot; and the ballad, &quot;Time&quot;. Side 2 must be heard as a whole (also, with the CD version you don't have a choice really coz Arista decided to glue all of that side onto one track!) to get the concept feel of it, and the gambling concept mixed with a medieval musical style works perfectly. The title track combines the two especially well. Originally the album was going to be titled The Gameplayers Of Titan, which is (and this seems to be a recurring trend among APP albums) also the book of the same name by Philip K. Dick.
0671034065|5.0|I bought this when it was first released, though I don't normally buy hardbacks, and I don't regret it for a second.  I've already reread Mr. Perfect several times. Since I went through it so fast the first time, the rereads let me pick on more clues and details.<br />The characters have life, the dialog is witty, the sex is sizzling, the suspense is breath-holding.  You laugh, cry, cringe and sigh.<br />One of Ms. Howard's best, along with &quot;Now You See Her&quot;, &quot;Kill and Tell&quot; and &quot;Dream Man&quot;.  The perfect blend of suspense and sensuality.
6305665753|4.0|Over the Top is definitely one of those &quot;raise your spirits&quot; kind of movies. It really makes you feel good when you watch it. Seeing Stallone overcome all obstacles to get the two things he wants; the love and affection of his son, Mike, and to win the world championship of arm wrestling in Las Vegas. Definitely a guy flick, and a must see!
B000002HFU|4.0|i love odb to death man and i think he has skills if he would just buckle down and ryhme like and MC instead of ryhming like and ol' dirty B#$^%RD.<br />anyway i think that this album is still a geat album because there are a lot of songs on here where he does ryhme like the MC that i know he can be. baby c'mon, brooklyn zoo, the stomp, hippa to da hoppa, proteck ya neck 2(featurin sunz of man and the zoo crew), damage( a great duest with GZA), snakes(with great guest appearances from killa priest and RZA) and cuttin heads(another duet with RZA) are where odb takes a more sober approach on some songs and a wild but contained approach to others. other songs like raw hide, dont you know, goin down, and dirty dancin are where he starts getting out of control and extremely explicit. lets not forget shimmy shimmy ya, which a is pretty conatined song.<br />the most bizzare and stupid(in my opinion)song on the album is drunk game. i didn't like this because all he did was sing and talk so i thought that i would maybe listen to this song every once in a blue moon. but what made never listen to this song again was when at about the last minute and a half of the song he starts howling like a wounded dog. ... it grossed me out!<br />i still think that this is great album and i recommend it to odb fans, wu fans, and hip hop fans in general.
B000002VE7|4.0|Despite Stereotomy's obvious flaws (mainly that lack of the old singers Eric, Chris Rainbow, Lenny Zakatek, Elmer Gantry, etc) the album does retain the Project feel. My first impression with Stereotomy is that the album has a LOT of percussion for an APP album, which is good for a change I suppose. Fans of the 70's Parsons tracks will find familiar territory with &quot;Light of the World&quot;, &quot;In The Real World&quot;, and of course the instrumentals are up to APP perfection. One interesting track is Beaujolais... very creative. Oh and by the way, Stereotomy is apparently the term meaning to cut stones or solids into specified geometric shapes...
B000050FEN|5.0|The only thing missing in this film is any sizzle in the title.  The name pales in comparison to &quot;Dunston Checks In&quot; or &quot;Beethoven's Second.&quot; What this film lacks in style, however, it makes up in substance. Not that &quot;Dunston Checks In&quot; lacks substance.  <br />Seven is an extraordinary film.  So good in fact that my girlfriend almost wrecked her car post-viewing.  Then again, she wasn't what one would call a &quot;good&quot; driver, so the fact that she had seen it immediately before was probably just a coincidence.<br />The screenplay is original and airtight.  Fincher's direction is excellent.  It was an absolute sham that Seven garnered no major Oscar nods for 1995 because it was clearly the smartest and most haunting film of the year, despite Brad Pitt.  What makes it even better is the fact that Cliff's Notes make what I believe to be their on-screen debut half-way through.  Being that I was in high school at the time of release, I was exstatic to see that little yellow book on the big screen.<br />In the end the true measure of a film's worth is how long it stays with you.  Seven is one of those that never leaves, well, unless you have Alzheimer's.  Then you may as well not watch it because you won't remember anyway.
0201633612|3.0|The book is good if you know C.  I only know Java....therefore, the examples were of no use.  I found this to be very frustraiting.  I really don't konw why it got such a high rating.  I bought it for that reason and I wisht that I would have saved my money.  If you don't know C, I would not recommend this book.
0394800184|5.0|I am a freshman in highschool and for my final this year in Child Development we had to read a book to the class as if to a group of children ages 3-5 I knew right away what book I would choose- Are You My Mother? This was a my favorite book as a child and was easy to read to a group without them getting bored. Its also a great way to discuss what to do if your ever seperated from your Mommy. I highly reccomend this book for EVERYONE! And of course, I got an A as my final grade!
B000002VCT|5.0|Definitely at the top of the APP concept album pyramid (pun intended), nothing but praise can be said for the album. It is indeed immaculate. The actual compositions themselves are some of the most intricate ones that Alan has ever devised, case in point &quot;Voyager/What Goes Up...&quot; &quot;In The Lap of the Gods&quot; remains one of the most diverse ochestral productions Andrew Powell has put togther, beginning with a religious ceremony until culminating with a massive horn driven march of sorts. &quot;Hyper-Gamma Spaces&quot; is also up there for being both simple and effective. Colin Blunstone's deep voice and some excellent guitarwork by Ian Bairnson make &quot;The Eagle Will Rise Again&quot; an APP classic. There are some albums where one could say that a few tracks seemed out of place or could have been omitted entirely; definetely not the case with Pyramid.
B00000IL1K|2.0|As a fan of Sarah's earlier pop releases (&quot;Dive&quot; and &quot;Fly&quot;), and one of those people that LOATHES her &quot;Time To Say Goodbye&quot;-style material (all those cheesy strings and overblown rendition of standards and show-tunes), the release of &quot;Eden&quot; was a crucial CD for me.<br />After the two dreamy opening tracks, &quot;In Paradisum&quot; and &quot;Eden&quot;, I was feeling very happy indeed. Both are ambient, Enigma-style tracks complete with Gregorian chants (no surprise, since producer Frank Peterson was an early member of Enigma). Sarah and Frank quickly drop the ball, going into campy, easy-listening renditions of &quot;Dust In The Wind&quot; and &quot;My Heart Will Go On&quot; (!).<br />It's soon apparent that &quot;Eden&quot; is an attempt to keep all her fans happy...producing an uneven mix of styles that sit uneasily next to each other. This is obviously due to the tremendous success of &quot;Goodbye&quot;, and a desire to to keep all the recent converts that release garnered. Pity, &quot;Eden&quot; could have been something really special, instead we find ourselves in Charlotte Church/Bocelli land. Glowing tracks like &quot;Deliver Me&quot; give a hint of the glory that could have been.<br />But hip Sarah fans take heart...her latest CD, &quot;La Luna&quot; brings back the edgy, mysterious Sarah we adore!
0201633612|3.0|If you don't know C or C++, you want want to consider a differnt book.  I only know Java and so the examples in the book were of little use. <br />The desciptions of the patterns were helpful but those are widely available and you really need code examples to understand some of the patterns fully.
B00004XOWM|1.0|This cd is absolutley terrible.  I won't waste my time and give the same reasons that everyone else hates it.  I want to write limp bizkit to see if I can get my money back.  In some way I feel that I got ripped off.  Maybe you should buy if you are someone... who doesn't appreciate good music.  You know what, that's not even true..  Naw, even then you'd still be wasting your money.
B000002VC3|5.0|It was the first APP album I ever heard, anyway. It seems that every track Eric Woolfson sings becomes gold (you'd think Alan would've figured this out by now and kept him!), as all of this album's acclaimed songs are sung by Eric, &quot;Eye in the Sky&quot;, &quot;Silence and I&quot;. All the Project's best collaborate, with appearances by Chris Rainbow (&quot;Gemini&quot;), Elmer Gantry (&quot;Psychobabble&quot;), and Lenny Zakatek. Colin Blunstone's &quot;Old and Wise&quot; is a fitting way to complete the album (although I do agree the sax solo should've been longer). In all respects, Eye in the Sky sets the standard for all other APP albums. Also, Eye In the Sky was based on the book of the same name by Philip K. Dick.
B00000K2SC|5.0|Scratch everything I said in my first review. The special effects in this movie are great. The Wachowski brothers struck gold with this dazzling sci-fi thriller. The actors make the story have depth and feeling. Mind blowing special effects cap off this 5 star movie.
B000002VC5|5.0|Although many of the later APP regulars didn't make appearances in I Robot, the album is so good one can hardly notice. The instrumental &quot;I Robot&quot; features some innovative work on the behalf of Alan for engineering most of the APP instrumentals. It also has a good bass line and BJ Cole doesn't mess up the track (my god!). &quot;I Wouldn't Wanna Be Like You&quot; has a pretty good percussion/cymbal thing going for it to produce an almost disco-like track, but the lyrics are as such that it makes it much much better! The ballads &quot;Don't Let It Show&quot; and &quot;Day After Day&quot; are both very well done. The album concludes with the brooding instrumentals &quot;Total Eclipse/Genesis Ch.1 V.32&quot;, the whole concept behind those two tracks are absolutely mind numbing. Eclipse being the eventual decline of man and Genesis being the inevitable rise of the machine. Serious stuff there.
6305922756|5.0|The best mockumentary ever made just got better!<br />Rob Reiner's groundbreaking &quot;This Is Spinal Tap&quot; was first released some 16 years ago and quickly became a cult classic.  Christopher Guest and Co.'s deadpan dissection of heavy metal foibles is as applicable to the Era of the Boy Band as it was to the 80s.  <br />The DVD is a treasure trove for Tap fans.  In addition to over one hour (!) of additional mockumentary footage, the DVD contains music videos, an interview with Reiner in character, promotional materials, and the funniest audio commentary track you will ever hear.  <br />Face it, Tap fans---this one goes to 11!
B000002VCT|5.0|Definitely at the top of the APP concept album pyramid (pun intended), nothing but praise can be said for the album. It is indeed immaculate. The actual compositions themselves are some of the most intricate ones that Alan has ever devised, case in point &quot;Voyager/What Goes Up...&quot; &quot;In The Lap of the Gods&quot; remains one of the most diverse ochestral productions Andrew Powell has put togther, beginning with a religious ceremony until culminating with a massive horn driven march of sorts. &quot;Hyper-Gamma Spaces&quot; is also up there for being both simple and effective. Colin Blunstone's deep voice and some excellent guitarwork by Ian Bairnson make &quot;The Eagle Will Rise Again&quot; an APP classic.
B00003CXE7|2.0|Boring plot is more akin to watching WWF wrestling than a &quot;masterpiece.&quot; Boring characters, crappy special effects, ugly atmosphere, and pretentious acting don't make a great movie. Why is this movie receiving so much praise? I have no idea.
B000050XEI|5.0|This is the 1st CD of Enyas I have purchased and is my favorite of all CD's. The music is soothing after a hard day or anytime.I liked it so much I purchased all the other CDs' she has made. It truly is a way to escape the hectic pace life brings us.  Susan
6304675348|3.0|I watched Scream for the first time today and I was really disappointed! I can honestly say that not once during the film did I scream, jump,get scared...... well you get my point: Scream isnt a scary film and theres no suspense. I know the whole idea of the film is the scream mask and it wouldnt have worked without it, but I thought it took away anything potentially scary because it was so silly looking! Also there was hardly any suspense at all, the killer just came running at the victims! The first horror I ever watched was I still Know what you did last summer which I didnt find at all scary but since then all the horrors I've seen have made me look at i still know, differently because it at least has a bit of suspense and you're on the edge of your seat at times!
B00003CXBK|4.0|Princess Mononoke is a beautifully animated film about a young man inflicted with a deadly curse after touching then killing a god (a boar) who had been shot.  He must then go in search of the forest god to lift this curse. While on his journey, he embarks on an epic battle between man and nature.<br /><br />While the animation and coloring is beautiful, there is an acting issue that I have, the casting of Billy Bob Thronton.  Normally I wouldn't have a problem with him, but I could not displace his physical appearance with his character's although his performance is great.<br /><br />Overall, if you want to experience a monumental story with stunning animation this should be your first stop.  It is lacking in the bonus feature area but does contain the original Japanese language track that was on my most wanted list.  Definitely pick this up and you will not regret it.
B00003652Q|4.0|This is really quite a strong debut album. The vocals, lyrics/compositions/arrangements and musicianship are all very good. This was a disc with great promise. The Genesis comparison's seem much less relevant at this point in time (2001). Marillion were certainly unique enough to stand on their own considerable merits. Perhaps not as good as the best of 70's progressive rock but one of the better outfits since. Worth picking up...Simon
6305363668|1.0|I don't know why people like the directors cut but having seen the first release in theaters with Harrison Fords Narration on it, to me makes more of a classic. Also, I have seen the Director's Cut and to me the ending seems boring when Harrison Ford doesn't expond on why he gets saved by the replicant. With out some of the other narration the movie seems vague on some points. I  have been looking for the theater released version for awhile now. Can any one at this website help me find out if they might release the other version on vhs.
B00004W5UA|4.0|This movie was recommended to me after it was released in the theators.  After watching the previews for it in the theators, I didn't think much of it, assuming that it was simply another piece of trash that hollywood puts out every year.  Little did I know that I would wind up ordering the video tape and thinking about the profound messages that it sent.  I think virtually everyone can relate to the main chracter regardless of income and social status.  The main theme of the film is that life is a constant struggle to discover who you really are.      I think other reviewers have written quite enough on the film so I'll cut my review short.  I leave you with a quote from The Qur'aan: \\"Verily, we have created man in toil\\" (90:4)
B000002UAU|5.0|Although almost all the critics and music fans recognize the value of this record and its historical importance in the evolution of popular music (it actually CHANGED the way music is made, and its echoes are still heard in any rock/pop band of quality that you can think about), some still have doubts about the grade of &quot;concept&quot; that this album has.     I think there actually is a concept in Sgt.Pepper, but it is slightly covered by the variety of songs. The Beatles, the world's most-adored rock'n'roll band, were in disguise. They changed their name, and transformed themselves into a circus number, where they were allowed to do anything they wanted. They begin with a presentation of the show, which is followed by an impressive variety of different musical styles, which they now were allowed to explore (oriental, vaudevillian, classic, psychedelic, etc.), and they end with the most chaotic ending ever experienced by the world (&quot;A Day In The Life&quot;). If they were The Beatles, the world would have reacted differently. To do what they did in &quot;Sgt.Pepper&quot; they had to be another band. They were &quot;Sgt.Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band&quot;. And they were allowed to do anything they wanted, and to explore any style they wanted to explore. That concept is not so clear, and the songs can easily be separate from the rest, not as in &quot;The Wall&quot; or another concept albums. But still is an innovative, great concept. <br />The fact that the band stopped touring during 1966, and locked themselves into the recording studio, gave them the faculty of experimentation, not only in the compositions (never so weird, intrincate, acid and psychedelic) but also in the recording, using the highest possible level of technology (with all the limitations that the equipment of the era brought to the process) and sound effects that, be it because of their complexity or their extreme geniality, were made to surprise everybody.<br />So, is the production andthe construction of the songs what makes this album worth its price. The songs, mantaining a high level of quality (as in all the Beatle records), are arranged in a sparkling and amazing way, never losing that touch of innovation that The Beatles (specially Paul McCartney, the main intelectual author of this piece of art) wanted to put out as the &quot;concept&quot; for the album. Looking at them as separate tracks, &quot;Sgt.Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band&quot; looks like a hard-rock record, and not only serves as the opening and welcome to an expecting audience, but also as the closing and goodbye-track with the &quot;Reprise&quot;. The first song falls directly into &quot;With A Little Help From My Friends&quot;, an all-time Beatles classic that was specially made by Paul (with some help from John) to fit into Ringo Starr's personality, and vocal range. His vocal performance is one of the best ever made by him, and the band would hardly show in the future a sense of cohesion and friendship like the one that shows here. The Lennon contributions start with &quot;Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds&quot;, which althought doesn't directly refer to LSD, it was certainly inspired by it, is a multicoloured psychedelic fantasy with weird lyrics and a beautiful, &quot;high&quot; arrangement. Lennon also writes &quot;Being For The Benefit Of Mr.Kite!&quot;, a track with lyrics directly taken from a circus' poster, and tape-looping, waltz and multiple organs and keyboards making a unique musical background; and &quot;Good Morning Good Morning&quot;, another rocking track, this time talking about the experience of living a life in the city. In both tracks the lead guitar is played by Paul McCartney. George sees his composing participation reduced to one track: the overlooked indian suite &quot;Within You Without You&quot;. To me, it's a great song, with universal and powerful lyrics. Give it a second chance.<br />Paul McCartney is, however, the one that gives this album its reason to exist. His songs are more in the spirit of experimentation and looking of new sounds: &quot;Getting Better&quot;, though, is a straight rock ballad with slight touches of pessimism (given by John); &quot;Fixing A Hole&quot; incorporates a sitar to talk about the experience of being a star and being constantly rounded by &quot;silly people&quot;; &quot;She's Leaving Home&quot; is a song that features classic arrangements to talk about the isolation between the two main generations that conformed the English society in the 60's; &quot;Lovely Rita&quot; is a simple pop/rock track about a strange kind of love (with a &quot;meter maid&quot;); and &quot;When I'm Sixty-Four&quot; is a vaudevillian song about the fear of being old.<br />The closing track &quot;A Day In The Life&quot; is simply astonishing. It features the most extreme orchestral arrangement ever used: it can get the strangest emotions from you, even pain, anger and fear. The Lennon/McCartney combination of lyrics make the song even more amazing and surprising. It talks about nothing, but also about everything. The verse &quot;I'd like to turn you on&quot; resumes its whole content. Nothing more to say. The best song in the album, and one of the best records ever made.<br />Even the packaging shows the importance of this album. This was the first LP ever to feature printed lyrics, like they were considered as real &quot;poetry&quot;. And, in the CD format, you get the lyrics again, with a lot of pictures, recording information for each track and a very comprehensive introduction about the making of this album and its impact in the musical scene. More than any other Beatle CD booklet can offer you. And even more: you get the information of who's who in the cover of the album, argurably the best cover for any popular music record in history (another reason to respect it).<br />I think it's all been said. Just go and buy the album. It is essential to any music collector, and it's also a brilliant masterpiece of well-made music.
0812589041|5.0|Your mission today is simple.  Kill the buggers before they kill you.  All you will have to do is defeat the ten thousand alien spacecraft with your fleet of eighty ships. Ender Wiggin is the earth's last hope...and he is  only eleven years old.
B00000D9TQ|5.0|For most die hard Phil Collins fans out there, this CD is pretty good... It's missing songs like &quot;Do you remember&quot;,&quot;dont lose my number&quot; and quite a few others... <br />but this is Phil Collins, he's had more number 1's than I can think of and to put them all down on one CD would be impossible.  Simply put, this CD is definately worth the cost, it's great for both new and die hard fans...
B0000019HU|5.0|I first heard of Slint when Steve Albini was raving about them, and then also when I bought the KIDS soundtrack, Slint's &quot;Good Morning, Captain&quot;, off this album, was on it. &quot;Good Morning, Captain&quot; is such a terrific song, and it propelled me to go and buy all of Slint's stuff. The first album I bought by Slint was &quot;Tweez.&quot; I wasn't immediately impressed by this album, but it grew on me.<br />I then bought &quot;Spiderland&quot;, which I have listened to over and over again, and then I listened to &quot;Tweez&quot; and it just sounded that much better because I was used to their precise, mathematical style of music that they play. <br />&quot;Spiderland&quot; is just an amazing album. I like this album so much that it has rendered me incapable of trying to describe how good it is. My only recommendation is that you buy it and hear what I'm talking about.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|With everyone waiting for this album to be released, it began causing a stir, people wondered if maybe they'll just fade into the shadows, but they did not...<br />In fact, they released an even better album in my opinion... This one contains a more emotional side, and more heart felt. I can't pick out a favorite song, because quite frankly, they are all great. <br />&quot;I knew I loved you&quot; was the first hit single off this album, then others followed &quot;Crash and Burn&quot; &quot;Animal Song&quot; but to say those were the standouts isn't fair, &quot;Two beds and a coffee machine&quot; the title song &quot;affirmation&quot; and basically tne entire album is great... If you liked their first release, you'll love this one...
6300185249|5.0|The true test that this movie is just downright funny is that I just finished going through my own mini &quot;money pit&quot; experience and I still howl while watching this movie!!  My absolute favorite scene is when Tom Hanks gets stuck in the floor and is squeaking out &quot;I'm here.&quot;  I always laugh so hard that my abs hurt afterwards!! <br />No, this movie is not Oscar worthy, but if you think that Tom was at his best in Bosom Buddies and Bachelor Party, and you stopped (or were tempted to stop) watching Cheers after Shelly Long departed, then this is a movie for you.  :-)
B00004ZAV3|2.0|I must apologize for every other reviewer on this page, apparently.  They all seem to take for granted the fact that all who have read these reviews either (a) were born within the past twelve minutes, or (b) have never heard of FM or AM radio.  <br />I am a diehard Beatles fan; always have been and always will be.  Mourned the Beatles' passing when they split, and yeah, I cried when Lennon was killed.  So I think I have a fairly intimate understanding of what the Beatles have put out, and what they are capable of culling together for a &quot;new&quot; album.  This retread boasts that, finally, the Beatles have a definitive Greatest Hits album.  It would be difficult not to point to the half-dozen other compilations that Apple have spit out in the last 25 years, however - wasn't the ghastly &quot;Love Songs&quot; album from the late 1970s pretty much the same thing, sans &quot;Come Together&quot;?  What about the Red and Blue albums?  <br />The next thing that should have, and absolutely could have been done (judging from the hundreds of bootlegs available these days) would have been to put out another compilation of odd out-takes and hitherto unreleased material.  But no, because someone at Apple/Capital/EMI/Parlaphone needs to purchase a Lamborghini quickly, the same old stuff (unremixed, untouched, un-bothered with) was chewed up and spat onto a CD.  No fuss, no muss, no bother, no unpleasant work, and certainly not an ounce of originality.  Here you are fans.  Aren't you happy?<br />Yes, yes, if you enjoy the Beatles, and don't own anything by them, yes, a hundred times, yes, pick this disc up and pay the good man your money.  Or better yet, just stick the cassette in the recorder and wait for the anniversary of Lennon's death again - it's guaranteed to fill the radio stations with this same stuff.  Or, you could always do yourself a favor and scrape together the money to pick up the original discs, not just the Number 1 hits, and enjoy ALL of the music there isto hear.<br />Climbing down from my soapbox now.  Harumph.
B000009EAD|5.0|Iced Earth...that's all that has to be said! Every one of their albums are top-notch, but this one surpasses them all! The influences of their entire career are showcased on this album, with a perfect balance between hard and heavy songs and slow and touching ballads.<br />Iced Earth has been compared to a lot of metal acts. Personally, I feel that they are an update to the classic styles of Metallica and Queensryche. This album in particular shows a very heavy Queensryche influence, especially with Matt Barlow's dynamic vocal range and his ability to almost imitate Geoff Tate in a lot of places. Unfortunately, Queensryche decided to turn away from their superb metal style and sell out to the masses with their previous two releases. Iced Earth picks up the torch and delivers true metal!<br />If you are as disappointed in Queensryche as I am, give Iced Earth a try. Perhaps your faith in heavy metal will be restored.
B00004U8H4|1.0|What would the world be like if the stereotypes of the 80's Wall Street Yuppie were extrapolated to the extreme?  The shallowest characters ever seen, bantering endlessly about restaurant reservations and business card printing.  The emptiness leading a man to psychotic fantasies about inhuman slayings, thus the destination of 80's materialism.  As a documentary of a characterization of a stereotype of the 80's, the movie succeeds, and that is its only attraction.  If you love bashing 80's materialism and yuppies, you may get gut satisfaction out of this movie and use it to reinforce your world-view.  Otherwise, it is detached from reality, it has no plot, the characters are deliberately ultra-shallow, and it is not entertainment.
0783226888|1.0|why did this movie suck so bad? well that's what i asked myself through all two freakin' hours of this movie. it's simple actually. they took a premise and forgot to make it into a story. i never thought that assassinations could be so tedious, not to mention mind-numbing. i really couldn't have cared any less about any of the characters and i thought it was dumb how willis had to have a big gun to be cool. instead of this see 'the negotiator' or something cool.
B000002UJQ|5.0|addictive and appealing. go buy it.
0312932081|5.0|I would never put myself in the category of a sci-fi or sci-fantasy fan.  This book was recommended by a book clerk who promised it was accessible, interesting and challenging.  All true.  I fell in love with the characters, their adventures, and their dilemmas.  A wonderfully spun tale that compelled me to question my definition of humanity.  Bravo Orson Scott Card.
B00004XONN|4.0|this album although seems to be a bunch of giberish at points is somehow appealing.  many have said they love this album simply because its Radiohead.  i feel as though it is an interesting new turn into a new direction for the band.  its not fair to compare an album to a previous one, so the 4 stars means 4 stars on its own.  rumor has it they put phrases in a hat and drew them out randomly for the first track but that is just rumor.  Ifyou are looking for something differnt, i mean different, in your playlist pick this up.
B000056JYB|3.0|Rock's first supergroup did the term and the music proud with its one and only release in 1969, but this remixed, remastered and expanded version gets somewhat bogged down and diluted with the inclusion of five lengthy jams (each clocking in at over 12 minutes or more) which seem to present the band killing time (and not knocking down barriers as hyped) waiting for the muse to come.  But when the muse alighted, she ignited. `Had To Cry Today', `Can't Find My Way Home', `Presence Of The Lord' and `Sea Of Joy' (marked forever in any rocker's memory due to Rick Gretch's mournful violin solo). Solid rock all.  It's the 90 added minutes to the original 40 that paints another picture. It's accepted knowledge that the two thirds of Cream (Baker/Clapton) wanted to steer away from the ferocious instrumental interplay of Cream but come on guys, give in to the impulse once in a while.`Acoustic Jam', sounding like Winwood's `Low Spark Of High Heeled Boys' in texture and tone, does have it's interesting moments, but for the most part is aimless and draggy. The two versions of `Sleeping In The Ground' are okay, but you've got to watch out for Disc 2 where the jams go on and on and on going nowhere.
6303398480|4.0|On Earth, an ancient device is discovered, that when activated, opens a door to the other side of the universe. So is the general plot of Stargate, and it makes for a very enjoyable movie. James Spader plays Daniel Jackson, a language expert who deciphers the Stargate's code, and Kurt Russell plays the leader of the military expedition who goes through with Jackson on reconnisence to find out what is on the other side. They find a civilization of humans, kept by the &quot;god&quot; Ra as slaves, and everything goes from there.   Stargate delivers a fairly intriguing story with good action scenes, made all the better by excellent speacil effects, including an insanely cool &quot;pulse rifle&quot; weapon. The acting is fine; you can't help but laugh at Spader's nerdiness, and even Russell does well as a hardened military man trying to get over the death of his son. One of the best points about the plot is that while Russell at first appears to be the standard military hardnose, he eventually ends up working along with Spader and the rest, avoiding the cliche of him fighting/betraying his comrades in the name of the mission. The final action scene is a great intermix between three seperate events, which keeps the pace up beautifully. The story is also interesting to follow, from Spader's working out the Stargate symbols to his discovery of the people history.   There are a few holes in the plot. The relationship between the two Stargates is never really explained; its hard to tell whether they work together, or both of them just send you to one point, regardless of where the other is. Near the end of the movie, the power of a particular bomb is fairly overated.   However, minor flaws aside, Stargate is definitely worth purchasing, combining good action and intersting science fiction. And of course, insanely cool pulse rifles.
B00004ZAV3|4.0|&amp;#65279;If `Anthology 3' taught us anything it was that the guys and gals at Apple/Capitol/EMI who compile these things are not infallible. They gave us more tired `Let It Be/Get Back' material in favor of the acoustic Esher demos and other hidden highlights still in the vaults. But who ever thought they could mess up a greatest hits collection?  `One' is still a great disc mind you and it'll serve to educate the Oasis cult that wants to know where it all started, but `One' is missing three indisputable links in the storied chain. Namely, `Please Please Me', `Got To Get You Into My Life', and `Strawberry Fields Forever'.  So even though the great message was luv, luv, luv and that money can't buy you love, the number nannies have nullified that little message on `One'. Money can buy you love, or at least 27 very popular songs about love which turned the world upside down forever for better.   Okay, I'm nitpicking. They went with the numbers and these popped up. That's cool. With any luck they'll put together a companion disc entitled `World-Wide Ones' and imagine that potpourri: `Day Tripper' (#1 in Norway, Hong Kong, Australia); `Girl' (#1 in Spain); `Got To Get You Into My Life' and `All My Loving' (#1 Canada); `I Saw Her Standing There' and `I Should Have Known Better' (#1 Australia, Malasia); `Strawberry Fields Forever' (#1 Holland) and on and on. . .like the legend.
6302759110|3.0|For my English class during my sophomore year of high school, our English teacher made us read Bram Stoker's novel, &quot;Dracula&quot;, which was actually a pretty good novel. Then, after we read the novel, we watched this film. And let's get the facts straight, OK? This is not a Bram Stoker version of &quot;Dracula&quot;. Bram Stoker would've made this movie (if he had directed it) more mysterious and a much darker film. This was headed toward a more of a love story film. Like how Mina and Dracula had a love affair. That definitely did not happen in the real novel. In fact, Mina was horrified of Dracula and she loved Jonathan Harker. In the novel, Mina was under Dracula's spell. Oh well. I guess I can understand why they made the movie this way. I mean, it's Hollywood and EVERY Hollywood film MUST have some type of romance in it...even if it's a horror film! Also, in the novel, Dracula was much more evil and darker than in the movie. He wasn't this gentle, innocent creature that they portray in the film.<br />But above all that, this is a pretty OK film with excellent acting done by Keanue Reeves, Winona Ryder, Gary Oldman, and Anthony Hopkins. And if I were you, I'd read the real Bram Stoker novel, &quot;Dracula&quot;, and then watch the movie so you'd understand what really happened in the novel and what did not.
B00004T9UF|5.0|I am not a big fan of rap.  To me, it's just a bunch of guys talking about sex,sex, and yes, sex. But when I heard this album I was suprised to hear a rap about an obbessed fan, a rap about robbing a bank, a rap about murdering his girlfriend.  I'm not saying that what he says in his songs are good, but they are very interesting to listen to.  He speaks his mind and doesn't sugarcoat it like most of us do.  He delivers what he has to say in such weird ways.  Some are approached in a very comedic way.  Such as Criminal and The Real Slim Shady.  Others are very disturbing.  Kim is probably the darkest song that I have ever heard in my life.  He delivers it so perfectly, it's scary.  ... truly amazing.list, no, and in some ways he is not to be taken seriously, as he is nothing more than an embodiment of the overly-masculine cliche, just one with superior mic skills. Eminem is self-aware of this contradiction, oft making references that parents should take a more active role and mediate the messages he and other rappers say to highly impressionable ears, an idea he discusses in &quot;Who Knew&quot;.    From a purely artistic standpoint, his work is rough, unpolished and intriguing. His Marshall Mathers LP is not for the feint of heart, but for anyone willing to challenge their convictions and see beyond its latent contradictions, its certainly an adventure, if not an ultimately rewarding listen.Amityville are both sef-produced tracks  in which Em expresses even more talent.  Eminem releases &quot;Bitch Please  2&quot; which is a remix to the 1999 hot single from Snoop's album-TOP  DOGG. Finally, his last two tracks have been the most contoversial, for  &quot;Kim&quot; is a dark tale, for it is the prequel to &quot;97 Bonnie  and Clyde&quot;, and &quot;Criminal&quot; which attacks homosexuals, among  other things.  Overall, the best disc released in the Y2K.  Eminem, has  been able to rise above and beyond the race barrier that exists in rap  music.  As Busta Rhymes recently said, &quot;He's the hottest, most  talented MC out there right now!&quot;  True Dat!
B00003OSSL|2.0|The former mates of the couples are barely introduced before they're killed off so we feel nothing for them or about them.  There's alot of dialoge and very little action.  The subplot about a corrupt cop is distracting and the only thing in this movie thats random.  I turned it off with 47 min left as the movie is too long and boring.  I dont know why it got a pg 13 rating because there's no nudity or profanity.
0064407667|5.0|My sons (ages 11 and 9)loved this book.  I read it aloud to my youngest and the oldest wanted to listen.  We're now 3/4 of the way through the second book, and they love it just as much.  Why?  Because they know it's not meant to be taken seriously. I find it amusing that one reviewer here who was seeking something for her child between Harry Potter books was outraged that Klaus is struck by Count Olaf.  That doesn't seem nearly as disturbing as when one of the Harry Potter characters cuts off his own hand and slits Harry's after a teen is murdered in the last Potter book. Although the children in The Bad Beginning get into dire circumstances, this book has an unmistakable sense of humor and is more along the lines of the unfortunate childhoods in all of Dickens's novels.
6305594252|5.0|Stargate is a beautifully filmed movie. The scenery and effects are outstanding. The letterbox format on the DVD version adds so much. The story is also very intelligent and yes, very different. An extremely clever and thought provoking storyline make this movie a satisfying treat to watch over and over again. I enjoyed Stargate on VHS but the DVD version is much better. Stargate is an absolute must for every sci-fi collection.
B00003CXN4|4.0|Traffic may be jammed with some very obvious messages, but style serves the substance abuses beautifully as Soderbergh crafts a film that could have (and should have) been overly familiar into one of the year's finest.<br />Imagine for a moment what a chaotic mess... the film would have been in say Oliver Stone's hands.  Soderbergh doesn't cram his film full of excess of let the audience enjoy the film on a visceral level at all.  When a car explodes, we don't hear the explosion.  We don't get a big stirring final speech from a main character. The film isn't interested in that type of phony audience pandering.<br />The rotting sepia toned yellowishness of the Mexican scenes, contrasted to the washed out look of the Cincinatti ghetto scenes, to the cool blues all over the Washington D.C. scenes to the orangish warmth of the San Diego based scenes stylishness will force you to see even familiar things in a new way. And to think about them.<br />The casting is absolutely superb.  Miguel Ferrer has never been better, Don Cheadle and Luis Guzman are superb. Guzman who has become overly familiar in a running sit-com character kind of way, rises above all that and establishes genuine chemistry with Cheadle in the several wonderful scenes they have together.<br />The character actors are so natural and well cast they don't seem so much like actors as people you've met a few times who have been caught on tape doing their jobs in the courtroom.<br />There's Michael Douglas consorting with real Senators and border patrol officials.  He winds up `acting' several times, but it's painless to watch him under Soderbergh's expert direction and the films superb editing.  Even when we're watching him rush into a school room , pull the kid out of class, look for his daughter in the ghetto, etc. it works better than it should as we are watching it because it's well directed and edited.  Sure you think of it now and it's a new version of Paul Schrader's film Hardcore or perhaps a well meaning t.v. movie all over again, but it's not utterly phony.  We aren't given the big triumphant scene or any action film pay-off scene.  I suspect there's plenty of people who will consider the film actually copped out by not giving the audience what it really wanted at several points in the film.<br />Benicio Del Toro as the Mexican police officer, wears the right attitude, and trusts Soderbergh to use him better than he's ever been used before.  It works.  It's a beautiful fusion of good acting, good direction, and style delivering many riveting moments.<br />There's also several times, characters deliver their messages straight out.  Some of these messages are told with such directness you accept them because of their utter lack of pre-tense. I'm thinking of when the student turns to Michael Douglas in the car outside the dealer's house and just makes his speech.  It's not an expected or realistic moment, yet it works. The character has a moment of doubt that Soderbergh captures which sells it.  Crass? Manipulative?<br />Yes.<br />But it's not done with false pretense.<br />As you reconstruct various scenes you realize there's a thin line which separates a lot of the film from a Scared Straight type of documentary, but it's been crafted with such a high degree of skill you admire what's being done and of course why it's being done.  The script travels over well worn territory and at times is very weak (a newly appointed drug czar seriously doesn't know there is no such equivalent position to his in Mexico?).  At other times the film seems to be doing to much at once, covering many characters and events in a somewhat illogically compressed time frame (the justice system is depicted at moving much more quickly than it ever does in real life).  But it is the movies after all. The  screenplay is  by Stephen Gaghan and is based on the 6 hour 1989  British miniseries Traffik.<br />There are  moments in this film where a shot is so perfectly constructed your in awe ofSoderbergh's  instincts.  He truly can construct even the most perfunctory and mundane of scenes in a way that elevates them to art.  Look at how wonderful he will frame a main character as he walks down a hall.  How he chooses to have a helicopter literally land on top of a camera.  How he shows us a non-travelogue wide shot of Mexico City.  How he captures the desperation and chaos of a drug bust operation.<br />SEMI-SPOILER<br />Catherine Zeta-Jones character does suddenly change from one that is apparently naive  and out of the loop into one that is ruthless and experienced.  However if you pay attention the seeds are well planted for the conversion She's a women who came from the wrong side of the tracks.  She's insulated herself from her past and has almost forgotten where she came from.  When her new rich friends abandon her she realizes how utterly phony they are, and she now needs to fight to keep what she has.  She gets the information she needs, and she's a quick study and not nearly as naive as she's been pretending she is.  The gaps in her learning curve have been closed partially by Dennis Quaids' business manager character and she's a mother protecting her son first, her lifestyle second at all costs.<br />End Semi- Spoiler<br />Traffic is a film that likely to be over-praised and make some film-goers wonder what all the fuss was about.  The fuss is about Soderbergh's stylish presentation and some wonderful acting.<br />Chris Jarmick, Author of The Glass Cocoon with Serena F. Holder Available February 2001.ur in awe of Soderbergh's  instincts.  He truly can construct even the most perfunctory and mundane of scenes in a way that elevates them to art.  Look at how wonderful he will frame a main character as he walks down a hall.  How he chooses to have a helicopter literally land on top of a camera.  How he shows us a non-travelogue wide shot of Mexico City.  How he captures the desperation and chaos of a drug bust operation.<br />SEMI-SPOILER <br />Catherine Zeta-Jones character does suddenly change from one that is apparently naive  and out of the loop into one that is ruthless and experienced.  However if you pay attention the seeds are well planted for the conversion She's a women who came from the wrong side of the tracks.  She's insulated herself from her past and has almost forgotten where she came from.  When her new rich friends abandon her she realizes how utterly phony they are, and she now needs to fight to keep what she has.  She gets the information she needs, and she's a quick study and not nearly as naive as she's been pretending she is.  The gaps in her learning curve have been closed partially by Dennis Quaids' business manager character and she's a mother protecting her son first, her lifestyle second at all costs.<br />End Semi- Spoiler<br />Traffic is a film that likely to be over-praised and make some film-goers wonder what all the fuss was about.  The fuss is about Soderbergh's stylish presentation and some wonderful acting.<br />Chris Jarmick, Author of The Glass Cocoon with Serena F. Holder Available February 2001.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Let's clear up a couple of misconceptions about this collection. 1)The reason it's missing songs from the White Album is that none of them were released in the US or UK as singles.<br />2) Reportedly the reason why some of the stereo masters were used vs. the mono ones is that they sound better. Now it's possible that the mono versions haven't aged well. Personally, I believe they released some of the stereo versions because some of these haven't been available on CD before.<br />3) They did remaster the sound--there's a review buried here somewhere that suggests it wasn't remastered like the YS Soundtrack. The tracks were remixed.<br />4)No body is forcing you to buy this collection so stop complaining about how they are ripping off consumers, etc. Clearly there is an audience for this type of compilation and , yes, EMI and The Beatles are pandering to it.<br />They got this one right. Yes, you can quibble with the song selection ( for example, although Strawberry Fields Forever was the flipside to Penny Lane and should be here it didn't chart at #1. Evidently the flipsides were charted separately as of '67)but the bulk of the material here still stands the test of time.<br />There are a number of clunkers on 1. Love Me Do and Hello Goodbye are good examples of A side singles that should have been b sides. There are a couple of others but, on the whole, this is a strong single disc collection of the hits. Yes, quantity doesn't equate to quality but the bulk of the Beatles singles did match both criteria.<br />There are a number of reasons to purchase this terrific collection. 1)Almost every song is great (although there are a few clunkers)2) They've finally remastered the tracks (and used 24 bit for higher resolution). 3) It's less expensive than the Red Album (and has many of the same stereo mixes that only appear there. 4) If you're a completist or fanatic.<br />The sound is spectacular and the booklet (taking its cue from the booklet from the Kinks reissues) has photos of the majority of the original single sleeves for the 45s. I'd pick up the vinyl version if you can find it because the graphics are larger and (reportedly) the album has a fold out poster sure to make it a collector's item.<br />I hesitated buying 1 because I had all their stuff. I'm glad I purchased it. I can't wait for the remastered edition of All Things Must Pass. Now, Apple and EMI get to work remastering the rest of the band's stuff!<br />***photos of the majority of the original single sleeves for the 45s. I'd pick up the vinyl version if you can find it because the graphics are larger and (reportedly) the album has a fold out poster sure to make it a collector's item.<br />I hesitated buying 1 because I had all their stuff. I'm glad I purchased it. I can't wait for the remastered edition of All Things Must Pass. Now, Apple and EMI get to work remastering the rest of the band's stuff!<br />***
B00004YA12|5.0|Leni is a genius, no doubt at all about that.  The way she captured the endless ranks of uniformed marching Nazi party faithfuls is little short of, well, fascinating (pardon der pun!).  She pioneered many cinematic techniques in this film about the Nazi Party Day in Nuremberg, and the movie is brilliant from a technical point of view.  The fact that it was about the Nazis was purely an incident of history - she could have easily made the movie as a commission by the Republican Convention in the US had she been in the States at that time!  It is a case of towering talent harnessed by a political force which then turned out very very badly and then failed. Watch this movie, no doubt about it, you will feel viscerally the elemental force of Leni's genius on screen.  This documentary's near-myth-like greatness is only matched by the notoriety of the cause it mistakenly championed (but that's only with the benefit of 20/20 eyesight retrospect - at the time this film was made, could anyone say for sure Hitler was going to turn out so monstrously disasterous for the German people and the world at large?  Can anyone honestly?)  The most eerie and poignant part of the film was when it introduced the Nazi party luminati on stage one by one with sub-titled names:-  to reflect on their eventual fate with the knowledge which we now do of course, and to see a filmatic record of them at the zenith of their highly charismatic careers and the height of the seductive powers of Nazism, truly brings home the Taoist truism that everything is ultimately futile, not to mention the the proverb that the road to hell is paved with the best of intentions. A must watch!  A unique historical record, which captured the sound and fury, fervour &amp; fanaticism of mankind's more innocent days.
6305513406|5.0|Volume One of the Original Star Trek series contains two of the very best episodes of the entire series. &quot;Where No Man Has Gone Before&quot; may not have the &quot;complete&quot; cast that we are used to, but it has a story that shows you the things Star Trek wanted to do in the course of the series. &quot;Corbomite Maneuver&quot; is my personal favorite episode of any Trek series. It contains moments of wonder, horror, humor and curiosity that no other episode has been able to reproduce since then. One only wishes that Star Trek would go back to encountering &quot;unknown&quot; objects and beings in space. This DVD is also very crisp and the sound has been remastered. A must have!
B00003CXE7|5.0|I saw Gladiator and I can only say: Brilliant. Definitely the best movie for last year. I'm greek and I know the history of the facts and altough there are some historical inaccuracies in the movie, cast's performances are terrific, with Russell Crowe being the best of course. This movie is definitely Ridley Scott's masterpiece. Incredible scenes, adventure, action, special effects.. I just can't stop watching this DVD again and again and not only because of the movie. There is a second disc with tons of extras. I think this is the best DVD release I own. A serious must!
B000001FXR|4.0|The significance of this debut album by the Wailers is in context of it being a milestone. It's release in the UK in December 1972 marked the emergence of international reggae. The Wailers as a trio (Bob, Peter Tosh and Bunny Livingston) had been recording songs since 1964 but, like all reggae acts in Jamaica, it was strictly singles on vinyl 45's. Where albums existed, they were simple compilations. Groups like the Wailers were not self-contained touring units like rock bands in the UK and US. They recorded at numerous studios in Kingston, supported by various, frequently changing session players. The producer ran things, especially if he owned the studio, recording label and publishing company. There was confusion about record credits. Sometimes writers would not get credited for their songs and invariably session players were omitted. The system was unsophisticated and as reggae historians (Whitney/Hussey) have said, it was &quot;musically productive but financially unrewarding for the artiste&quot;.<br />Chris Blackwell and Island Records paid the Wailers 400 Pounds to make 'Catch a Fire' but more significantly, the group now had access to a studio with the best recording equipment and they were treated as professionals. It was mutually beneficial offcourse. Island now had a group that would appeal to rock fans, especially with Bob's rebel image and sprouting dreadlocks and the bands 'rude boy' songs of defiance. With the addition of a rythm section - Aston 'family man' Barrett on bass and his brother Carlton on drums, the Wailers were now complete and resembled a touring rock band.<br />The nine tracks on the album were recorded at three different studios in Kingston and then sent to London for mixing. Island was responsible for marketing and one of their final and best touches was with the album cover. It was in the shape of a metallic blue Zippo lighter that flipped open to reveal the flame. The album released in Jamaica in early 1973 had the cover seen here(Bob with a spliff). Interestingly the UK album was credited to the Wailers, not Bob Marley &amp; the Wailers. A holdover from the days of poor credits was the fact that the musicians that did some additional tracking in England were omitted. The lead guitar on 'Concrete Jungle' is Wayne Perkins and the organ on 'Stop that Train', rather than Tosh, was in fact Steve Winwood. Another uncredited musician was John 'Rabbit' Bundrick. Reggae connoisseur Ian McCann says it was nothing to do with poor credits. &quot;Exactly why these people were uncredited at the time is a mystery of marketing but maybe Island felt it would be confusing to have both a Bunny and a Rabbit in the same group!&quot; <br />After all of this; what was the music like? Rather than concentrate on drum and bass and the heavy, bottom sound typical of reggae, this album has a lighter sound. Guitars, Keyboards and Organ are featured. It's a different sound, deliberately international, with rock, blues, funk and soul influences. Harmonies are strong on 'Slave Driver' 'Midnight Ravers' and 'Baby we've got a date'. A redo of the Wailers' original 'Stir it up' which Johnny Nash had scored a huge hit with earlier, is here for comparison. It compares very favourably. Was the album a hit? It depends on your perspective. While popular in the UK and Europe, it made no impression at all back home, partly because of the heavy rock influence. Some have argued that the later release date in Jamaica was because the heavy bass rythm was mixed back in. No evidence to prove it. Overall it's in retrospect that we see the significance of this album. Wheras reggae purists may still frown, there is no doubt that this album broke the mold and heralded in a new era of international acceptance of reggae.
B000002AH7|1.0|I loved Bitches Brew and Kind of Blue.<br />This reminds me of someone practising on trumpet. I couldn't stand it. This is dead. I can't believe anyone liked it.
B000002JK2|5.0|Out of all of Pete Townshends solo works this one is definately the best (I haven't heard All The Best Cowboys... Though). So many great songs like My Baby Gives It Away and Heart To Hang Onto.  But let us not forget Lane's controbutions to the album.  Some of his best work is here like Annie and the great April Fool (one of my all time favorite songs).  This is the best place to start a collection of either of the artists.
0790749998|3.0|Jet Li is a perfectionist.  Especially when it comes to wushu fight scenes in his movies.  Apparently, however, he was imperfect when choosing to do &quot;Romeo Must Die.&quot;  Don't get me wrong, this movie is very watchable and has some fun fight scenes, but for my money Jet Li vs. a garbage can could have more potential than parts of this movie.  <br />On the flip side of that coin I have to give producer Joel Silver (Matrix, Lethal Weapon 4) credit for taking a script with a mediocre story and creating an at least entertaining film.  He found one of the most experienced martial arts directors in the business, he landed the top martial arts stars in the world, and incorporated some interesting new special x-ray like effects.<br />With all that said, if you're a Jet Li fan and if you still can't get attached to the plot and the high wire acrobats are still too corny for you, do the film and Jet a favor and check out the DVD so you at least know what the filmmakers were attempting to do with this movie.<br />It was written by an american, produced by an american, and shot in america.  It's not supposed to be a Chinese movie.  It's merely the first stab of what I hope will become a super-action genre where true martial arts and special effects can coincide without other people trying to anchor it down by not realizing the potential for the bigger and the better.
B0000507R0|5.0|o.k.I`ve read all the reviews here so I received my copy today; I`m on my fourth listen and second six pack of beer.This dvdaudio format is the only way to listen to music;been waiting a long time for the record companies to come out with this and am very impressed. Clean sound and perfect separation just as the concert was many years ago.Hope this dvdaudio catches on because in ten years at age 57, I`ll never leave the house!
B00004Z4WQ|1.0|15 minutes was all I was able to watch before I stopped it.  I've seen bad comedy, but this movie is extremely tasteless. Most of the &quot;Humor&quot;, if you choose to use that word, is focused on sexual content and cheap vulgarity. I wouldn't recommend that movie for anybody I care about.
0590353403|5.0|At first when the Harry Potter books became popular, I didn't pay any attention to them, thinking that they were for little kids and that I wouldn't enjoy them.  One of my friends read one this summer and loved it, however I still didn't think that I would be interested.  When I read the first chapter of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, half out of curiosity, I absolutely loved it.  Throughout the entire book I felt myself getting mad at the &quot;bad&quot; characters when they did something that made Harry get into trouble.  Also, every time in the book that Harry was about to get into trouble or was scared that something bad was going to happen, I felt the same emotions.  The book was in a wonderfully creative setting that not only appealed to small children, but people my age also.  It's nice to think that Harry Potter went to a place that in a sense swept all of his problems away.  Granted, it was still life and he had to deal with everyday problems but his problems with the Dursleys and feeling like a nobody were postponed.  I think that this was something else that made the reader feel good from the beginning.  I really enjoyed this book and can't wait to finish the other three.
0385491026|5.0|This book, as others have stated, is about the way that our childhood impacts the adult we become, and the terrible way girls can treat each other. I did find it hard to get in to at the beginning, but by the first 50 pages, I was captivated. Atwood has an amazing way with words; the book is poetic. The book doesn't have as much dialogue as I normally want from a book, because Atwood is most concerned with setting a scene and creating a mood. It is very internal novel, and it is not linear. Not an easy read, but well worth it. There are so many levels to this book. Every time I read it I see something different in it.
0800141660|5.0|It's extremely difficult to write something different than what already appears here about this extraordinary film, other than to reinforce the nuances which make it so fine.<br />Yes, it's the acting;  it's the painstaking detail in the costumes, jewelry, scenery; it's the tight script and poetic pace; it's all of these things, and yet what makes this movie so wonderful is not minutia but evocation.  Whether you identify with the idealism of Winslet's Marianne or the endurance found in Thompson's Elinor, we all know -- intimately -- the range of emotions which this terrific group of artists seem to so effortlessly touch with words and deeds.<br />It's a stunning piece, I have yet to meet someone unaffected by it.  Share this movie with someone you love.
B000002A46|5.0|This is a very good Mariah Carey CD. I think she has the best voice and I ma a huge fan and have many of her other CDs. She does great renditions of the favorites and some of her own Christmas songs.
0800141660|5.0|It's extremely difficult to write something different than what already appears here about this extraordinary film, other than to reinforce the nuances which make it so fine.<br />Yes, it's the acting;  it's the painstaking detail in the costumes, jewelry, scenery; it's the tight script and poetic pace; it's all of these things, and yet what makes this movie so wonderful is not minutia but evocation.  Whether you identify with the idealism of Winslet's Marianne or the endurance found in Thompson's Elinor, we all know -- intimately -- the range of emotions which this terrific group of artists seem to so effortlessly touch with words and deeds.<br />It's a stunning piece, I have yet to meet someone unaffected by it.  Share this movie with someone you love.
B00004Z459|4.0|Linkin Parks Debut Album is a true work of art.  These guys know how to make music.  Hybrid Theory is a beutiful blend of Rock, Techno, and rap.
6301942647|5.0|It's why I love film.<br />That is, the cinema is where I can go to touch my emotions, all kinds of emotions, sometimes finding those I never even knew I held undiscovered.  'Dreams' is that wonderful kind of film which allows me the freedom to drift from one feeling into another, in a way I'm not capable of in reality.<br />After a lifetime of mastering the art of visual storytelling, it is Kurasawa I'm forced -- not forced, for it's a pleasure, how about &quot;immutably drawn?&quot; -- to respect, to honor and to listen.  It's difficult to explain this sensual piece with those I love, considering its limited availability, but I take some guilty pleasure in knowing its beauty and that it's shared with so few.<br />It is art.
0783227256|4.0|An amazing film only Spielberg could have done.  Its historical accuracy is great, except for one thing, only the few will catch.  Its 1839, and the ship named the Amistad, is hijacked by the slaves held captive in it, lead by the hero Cinque'.  After weeks at sea they land in the United States, and the trial of the decade ensues.
B00004Z4WQ|3.0|Parody films are always a dicey venture. They're the easiest type of comedy to do, but can be the hardest to do right. SCARY MOVIE actually pulls it off, but not enough to call it a success.<br /> Strike One: Parodies of Slasher films are nothing new; even most slasher films tend not to take themselves seriously these days. SCREAM was one of those, practically a satire of its own origins. Since SCARY MOVIE is really only a parody of two films, SCREAM and I KNOW WHAT YOU DID LAST SUMMER (and a brief nod to... THE MATRIX and THE USUAL SUSPECTS?), this means it is partially a parody of a satire. (Quick Trivia Note: SCARY MOVIE was actually the original working title for SCREAM!)<br /> Strike Two: Parodies usually make fun of inherent cliches within a genre. Being essentially a parody of only two films, this translates into copying actual scenes and dialogue and twisting them for humor. Like Van Sant's PSYCHO, but with creativity.<br /> There is no strike three, however, as they somehow manage to pull it off with quite a few laughs. Even with painfully excessive and extremely low-brow sexual humor that makes PORKY'S look like THE APPLE DUMPLING GANG, there's still enough genuine humor here for a fun movie.
B00004XOWM|1.0|You know how Scott Stapp and Limp Bizkit were pissed at each other? Well, Creed kicks Limp Bizkit's ass, so shut up Freddie and go back to eating pork rinds or whatever the hell you used to do.
B00000DCHI|5.0|This album contains Billy's best. I've read some of the reviews here; the songs on this album are from &quot;Piano Man&quot; (1973) to &quot;An Innocent Man&quot; (1983). The two extra songs were recorded in 1985, and songs like &quot;We Didn't Start The Fire&quot; are from the late 80's...<br />Anyways, enough talk. This CD has Billy's most classic hits, such as &quot;Movin' Out&quot;, &quot;My Life&quot;, &quot;Big Shot&quot;, &quot;Just the Way You Are&quot;, and many more. The two extra songs, &quot;You're Only Human&quot; and &quot;The Night is Young&quot; are much better than the extra songs on Vol. 3. I thought that perhaps &quot;Summer, Highland Falls&quot;, &quot;I've Loved These Days&quot;, &quot;Get It Right the First Time&quot;, or &quot;Honesty&quot; should have been on here. Nevertheless, this is a great collection of the Piano Man's hits. Buy it, and listen to the classic rock and roll of the good ole days.
0525945636|3.0|Code to Zero is an entertaining mystery-thriller that is relatively fast paced and keeps you guessing to a point.  We first meet the protagonist waking from a sleep only to realize he suffers from amnesia.  Slowly realizing his intelligence and his place in life, the reader follows him through Washington, DC to meet old friends from Harvard and a former love.  Unbelievable, we follow him through interactions with the FBI/CIA and then to Nasa.  We follow him from bum to &quot;potential suitor to save the country&quot;.  While the story gets rediculous, it is entertaining and fast paced, and fun to read.
B0000025CP|5.0|When a band has as much material as Priest, it's hard to pick a favorite album.  But Stained Class has a very slight edge that nudges it ahead of the rest of Priest's mostly phenomenol material. While not as subtle or psychedelic as some of their other early albums, like Sin After Sin and Sad Wings of Destiny, this album rises to glory by virtue of its sheer intensity and fury.  Not much of the bluesy influence from the previous albums: this is straight-ahead metal.  Stained Class, Beyond the Realms of Death, and White Heat, Red Hot may be some of the angriest songs ever recorded, and it's easy to get caught up in the music.   Even though Stained Class may not be as heavy as later works like Defenders of the Faith and Painkiller, it is still superior in terms of content and delvery.  Anyone who enjoys really intense music MUST buy this album.  It is truly worth it.
0525945636|5.0|Ken Follett's Code to Zero is one of the best books I have read in quite a while. It is a quick read and had me up late at night attempting to complete the story. Follett has a way with grabbing you with the first few pages and keeping you interested for the entire book. The content was technical enough to make me want to continue reading, but also light enough not to bogg down the story. Great Book!
B000002JEV|5.0|Ive been a fan of Led for seven years and never get tired of there music.When I purchased this cd i was blown away.The sheer talent led can produce live is amazing.Sticking mainly to their blues roots, you can hear the influence of Robert Johnson and Willie Dixen,echoeing in their playing.This album derives from their younger days,which was their best days.My favourite would have to be Dazed and Confused on the second disc,its eighteen minutes of thunderous rock including Page's violin bow section. If you are a hardcore zepp fan than buy this cd now,if you're a first time listener than start off with the remasters cd's all the classic hits are on there.
B00004XOWM|4.0|Despite the immature and mostly meaningless lyrics in which Fred tries to fit in as many 'f*cks' as possible, while advertising his band and himself, I still like this CD.  It has some good instrumentals, some cool guitar solos, and the tunes are pretty catchy.  A few of my favorite songs are The One, on which he kinda holds himself back for a song and actually has more intellegent lyrics, It'll be Okay, which I heard in a radio interview he wrote after hearing that Kurt Cobain was dead, and he was feeling down and uninspired; it shifts pace a bit from lighter guitars to heavier sections with more percussion.  Hot Dog I find funny and it sticks it your head, though it might not be a good idea to go around singing it in public, hehe :)  Most of the other songs are alright, could've been better, could've been worse.
0789723107|5.0|Don't Make Me Think is an eye-opening book for web designers and managers who oversee websites.  It breezily delivers countless tips, tricks, and core usability principles that can immediately be put to good use.<br />I was amused to see one of the very, very few critical reviews of this book claim that it was simplistic and obvious.  That's just why this book is so valuable.  Upon close analysis many usability problems do seem obvious. There are a billion sites on the Web today and only about 18 get it right from a usablity perspective.  Not a good success rate if the problems are obvious to those of us trying to build better sites.<br />Like many excellent literary works, Krug helps us truly see what is right in front of our eyes -- bringing new understanding to the design of a page that we have lost sight of due to our own repetitive viewing.<br />It seems that Krug wisely took his own advice in designing the book.  He identified the key principles, the most common problems, the best possible solutions and reduced them to a volume that is truly accessible -- indeed a joy to absorb.<br />If you're looking for an academic tome on interaction behavior, Don't Make Me Think, to its credit, is not it.  But if you're looking to make the Web a better place -- one site at a time -- don't click any further.
0790729652|5.0|This is the best Batman movie in the entire series.  It is dark, gothic, and the actors were superb.  Michael Keaton plays Bruce Wayne, millionare playboy by day, and Batman, a dark and mysterious crime fighter by night.  Michael Keaton is excellent as the Dark Knight and should of played him for the rest of the series.  Jack Nicholson as the Joker was also an excellent pick.  He plays an evil, demented crime boss well.  Tim Burton directed this movie and he made the mood gloomy and gothic, the way Batman and Gotham City is represented in the comic books.  The following two Batman movies after &quot;Batman Returns&quot; should of been directed by this gothic wizard.  &quot;Batman&quot; is a super hero classic and will be for a long time.  I remember first seeing this in a movie theater in the summer of 1989, I was just a kid, and I was highly impressed.  That was the summer of Batman, with all the hype surrounding this awesome movie.  The sequel &quot;Batman Returns&quot; was also good, but not as good as this one.  If you can only see one Batman movie and can't decide which one to watch, watch the first, the original, &quot;Batman&quot; the movie. It's pure magic.
B00003CWL6|5.0|That's right- it's a rarity (perhaps this is the only time it's ever happened), but this film's title aptly describes the movie itself. It's one of the freshest, funniest and ultimately up-lifting stories about a murder you'll ever see.<BR><br />Kevin Spacey plays Lester Burnham, a man whose last name should be &quot;Burn-out-&quot; until he catches a glimpse of his daughter's sexy friend. This inspires Lester to go on a rampage of self-improvement. Spacey's a wonder in this role- from his droll voice-over to his character's biting sarcasm. But the performance of the film has to be Annette Bening as Lester's shallow, ambitious, materialistic, real estate agent wife. Bening is by turns falsely charming, overly needy, self-loathing and domineering, but finds vulnerability and believability in a role that, in a lesser film and with a lesser performer, would've become a cartoon. She makes a worthy sparring partner for Spacey. Complicating matters are the Burnham's weirder-than-weird next-door neighbors; Chris Cooper is ferocious as the homophobic Col. Fitts and Wes Bentley plays his son, the videophile with a troubled past who sells pot to the revitalized Lester. Bentley also gets involved in a touching romance with Thora Birch as Lester's daughter. <BR><br />&quot;American Beauty&quot; moves in mysterious ways, teases the viewer with several possible outcomes before ending in violence, but with a strangely serene and entrancing coda that will literally make you feel a whole lot better- sort of like Lester himself. This is a very worthy film that cuts right to the heart of suburban malaise and materialism and finds spiritual lessons and bittersweet humor even in its smallest moments. With Mena Suvari as the trash-talking sexpot friend Lester obsesses over, and &quot;Quantam Leap's&quot; Scott Bakula as neighbor Jim who lives with his lover, Jim. Peter Gallagher (&quot;sex, lies and videotape&quot;) turns in a memorable supporting performance as the Real Estate King, Bening's competitor and mentor- although his mentoring turns very odd.
B000002952|5.0|Out of the two spanish albums I have of Gloria this has got to be my favorite because she shows us a side of her we have never heard before what I mean is that she is going back to her roots singing in spanish. Being a Puerto Rican myself and after reading the liner notes inside I  understand why it is so important to be a latino.  The reason I love this cd is because of the great songs like Mi Tierra, Montuno, Hablemos El Mismo Idioma and Tradicion. So if you are in the mood for old time latin music then this cd is for you.
6305910103|3.0|Ricardo Montalban can act. Although this role (along with his turn as Fantasy Island's Mr. Rourke) has made him a camp icon, if you overlook the wig and the rubber chest, and watch him without bias, you're in for a treat. Just rent \\"Battleground,\\" and then watch \\"Wrath of Kahn\\" to bookend an underrated performer's career.<BR><BR>Montalban's Kahn is powerful in his vengeance and hatred for Capt. Kirk, but also wounded and sympathetic. This, as much as anything, makes the second \\"Star Trek\\" film an enjoyable, old-fashioned yarn in the manner of \\"Capt. Horatio Hornblower.\\"<BR><BR>Anyway, this movie has charms for even the non-Trek fan. The performances are solid. Aside from Montalban's excellent portrayal, William Shatner is surprisingly subtle and warm here, until the story actually calls for over-emoting (and any film with a subtext so based on Herman Melville's \\"Moby Dick\\" is going to call for some grand gestures eventually). Also up to the task are Leonard Nimoy, who manages to find Spock's \\"humanity\\" (in a half-alien character known for his emotionless logic), and the always-delightful DeForrest Kelley as the very humane and human Dr. McCoy.<BR><BR>In cinematic history, the \\"Star Trek\\" movie series probably will never be seen as fine art, but if a non-fan approaches this particular one with an open-mind and leaves behind the baggage of what is and isn't \\"nerdy\\" or \\"geeky,\\" he or she will find a fine adventure story which echoes great sea tales as much as it does the better episodes from the television series. There is genuine chemistry and emotion between the characters, and the final battle is rousing, top-notch entertainment. There's even a catastrophe of a very personal nature to the main characters that also elevates this entry- although subsequent films would undo it, much to fans' relief.  <BR><BR>Hey, if you're not careful, you might even become one of the converted...
B0000027I6|5.0|Amused To Death is one of the best LPs i have ever listened to.There is no doubt in my mind that had this cd been released as a Pink Floyd album it would have been up there with The Wall and Dark Side of the Moon.It's lyrics are thought provoking and it's musicmanship inpecable.As always Roger Waters vocals are great and the way each song flows into the next is faultless making this a superb concept album.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Make no mistake- this is Russell Crowe's movie. His performance as a Roman general-turned-slave carries this movie over top and makes its script flaws forgiveable. It also helps this movie avoid the laughable &quot;men-in-skirts&quot; syndrome that befalls so many Hollywood epics set in Classical times. <br /> Crowe begins the film as heroic and victorious Maximus, Emperor Marcus Aurelius' favorite. Maximus leads his legions to victory in a battle sequence that simply must be seen to be believed- many aptly compared it to &quot;Saving Private Ryan.&quot; It trumps Stanley Kubrick's &quot;Spartacus&quot; finale for terror and realism, if not for scale and spectacle. Within a few short scenes after Maximus' triumph, Joaquin Phoenix, as Commodus, usurps the throne and Maximus escapes and flees to Spain to find his beloved family murdered. Wounded, he ends up in Africa (a confusing transition that would've benefitted from at least one image of a ship) under the care of Oliver Reed. Maximus becomes the greatest gladiator of them all, which leads him to Rome and a showdown with Commodus. <br /> In between are some amazing scenes of gladiatorial combat, where dust and blood mingle. One scene in particular stands out: Maximus isn't interested in putting on a show; as a soldier, he killed out of necessity. Now, he must kill for the pleasure of debauched crowds. After dispatching his foes, he angrily hurls his sword into a luxury box and taunts the crowd, then throws down his other sword and angrily spits into the sand. This is Russell Crowe at his finest, in a brutal action sequence with emotional content, where his character's pain and loss coalesce with the crowd's bloodlust to produce a dramatic and utterly believable gesture of contempt. <br /> Joaquin Phoenix manages to convey a man driven to excess by his father's indifference towards his existence, and his slide into insanity, without sacrificing all sympathy for Commodus. Never mind that the movie's story owes more to Caligula and that the political scenes can't match those in &quot;Spartacus&quot; for veracity and labyrintine plotting- this is a rousing, gut-wrenching spectacle with a human center and plenty of emotion. Not only that, its recreation of the Colosseum is awe-inspiring. <br /> The DVD provides a neat bundle of extras (storyboards, commentary, a documentary on gladiators and deleted scenes among others) that greatly enhance a marvelous, action-packed film. This is one of those movies for which this technology was created. <br /> With Oliver Reed in his last role as Proximo, Maximus' owner-mentor, an excellently restrained Richard Harris as Marcus Aurelius (great emperor, so-so father) and Connie Nielson as Commodus' sister and would-be love interest.
B000002UAR|5.0|When this album came out, I had the butchered Capital copy, so the three extra tracks, &quot;And Your Bird Can Sing&quot; (which I associate with the ending of Beatles cartoons!), &quot;I'm Only Sleeping&quot; and &quot;Dr. Roberts&quot; don't seem right to me.  I always thought they were on the album, Yesterday and Today.  It takes some getting used to now. I played Revolver over and over and over again (I was 6!) We danced on top of my best friends bar in her basement, pretending we were go-go girls/Beatles' girlfriends (I was always Cynthia!) playing it all the time, I knew it by heart (very much like 6 yr. olds today who love 'N Sync--what a crack up!)  This album is so nostalgic to me, my favorite songs are &quot;Good Day Sunshine&quot;, &quot;For No One&quot;, &quot;Got to Get You Back in my Life&quot; and &quot;Here There and Everywhere&quot; the ultimate love song.  All Paul songs, although John was always my favorite.  &quot;I'm Only Sleeping&quot; is another good one.  &quot;Tomorrow Never Knows&quot; is my least favorite.  Beautiful melodies and George's first real pyschedelic sitar sound.
0790729652|3.0|First of all, Michael Keaton makes a creditable Batman. Sure, they had to sculpt a rubber muscle-suit (would the Dark Knight really wear something that so restricts his head movement and peripheral vision?), but as soon as he starts talking in Batman's harsh whisper, you believe.<br /> Unfortunately, much of this beautifully designed film is given over to Jack Nicholson's role as the Joker. He looks like he's having fun, and obviously director Tim Burton is enjoying it, but many of his scenes run way too long and a lot of his ad-libbing falls flat. Nicholson doesn't quite make his Joker frightening enough, and we're left with a performance that's half Jack's devil from &quot;Witches of Eastwick&quot; and half Cesar Romero's campy, mustachioed Joker from the 60's tv show.<br /> Burton manages to avoid overt camp (why do directors always have to make fun of this sort of material as if they're so much above it, when obviously they're NOT), but the pace drags as he indulges his more precious tendencies a bit too much. The scene where the Joker holds a one-way conversation with a dead crony doesn't really play, and there are too many scenes that exist only because Burton thinks the imagery is hauntingly beautiful- although this is correct in the scene where a rushing Batmobile sends fall leaves blowing in its wake. Despite its langorous pace, flat attempts at humor and Batman's over-reliance on gadgets and sfx, Burton and company manage to produce a visually striking film that rivals Ridley Scott's &quot;Blade Runner&quot; and Fritz Lang's &quot;Metropolis&quot; for inventiveness. The more street-level action sequences work surprisingly well, and Kim Basinger really brightens up the film's darker elements.<br />  All in all, it's well-worth seeing for comic book fans, but falls short of the precedent set by &quot;Superman: The Movie&quot; and the brilliant, virtually perfect &quot;Batman: The Animated Series,&quot; which is one offspring of this movie which more than justifies any of the parent's flaws.justifies any of the parent's flaws.
B00004WG2X|5.0|There is no question we live in a much-changed and shamefully less eloquent and articulate world than the one Mr. Darcy and Eliza Bennet moved about in. However, no frustrating or condescending attempts to modernize or simplify Miss Austin's storyline or dialogue are made in this adaptation of her classic novel. The makers of this adaptation never lost sight of the fact that hidden between each and every line of Miss Austin's eloquent understatement, hidden behind the reserve of her characters, was a powerful, perfectly-paced story that had to be mused over, pondered, to be fully enjoyed. If you really want to hear Miss Austin words, and to see a faithful portrayal of the behaviours and manners that actually existed between the classes -- and between men and women -- in her world and in her day then, this is, unequivocally, the version to see.
B0000024Z7|5.0|\\"Caravanserai,\\" Santana's fourth release, was a step away from the incomparable work on his first three albums, but it is still outstanding. The original Woodstock crew (Rolie, Shon and Shreve - before they did the world of rock no favors by forming Journey) was still with him at this point so both the instrumental and vocal work here is very high quality. In fact, the strength of \\"Caravanserai\\" is the instrumental aspect. This marked the beginning of a period in which Santana experimented with Eastern philosophy and the associated Eastern sounds, as well as fusing his rock and salsa base with jazz stylings. There is no single outstanding track or \\"hit\\" on this CD, and it is best to listen to it all the way through rather than skipping from track to track. Although Santana's musical wanderings between different genres and styles, definitely a characteristic of this CD, would lead him to subsequently produce some rather mediocre as well as fantastic albums, \\"Caravanserai\\" remains one of his best efforts.
0316777722|5.0|David Sedaris is a wonderful observer of his world, and has a delightful way of reporting his observations with humor and quality writing.  In `Me Talk Pretty, ' Sedaris takes us on an autobiographical tour of his early years and his time in Paris.  The writing is deliciously fresh with sentences that paint vivid word pictures and make you laugh out loud.<br />I think what makes this book a real gift is that Sedaris looks at the foibles in his life.  There are real encounters that we all experience, but Sedaris has the courage to report his with honesty and humor.  Don't miss reading this book.
B00004T8RK|3.0|I would say that Pearl Jam is the best &quot;mainstream&quot; band, and all of their records have been great until this one.  Now every hard-core Pearl Jam fan will love this just for who recorded it, but a lot of other people will most likely be dissapointed with this record.  Fist off, the first track is closer to a Who rip-off than a Who inspiration.  The rhythm riff is the same as The Who's &quot;I Can See For Miles&quot;, and the riff over top of it will make any Who fan remember &quot;Slip Kid.&quot;  There are some good songs here, but you should definitely check them out to decide if they are worth the price of the cd.  Compared to most of the crap on the radio nowadays, this is refreshing.  Compared to everything else Pearl Jam has done, this doesn't measure up.  At all.  A collection of their b-sides would be a better bet than this album.  To sum it up: unless you're a die-hard fan, or just want to say that you own all Pearl Jam's cd's, this one's probably not worth it.
0684154730|5.0|I have used my well-worn and treasured copy for years to make every type of knitted garmet possible.  The instructions are easy to understand, and Ms. Zimmermann has a wonderful sense of humor that takes the anxiety out of knitting.  The patterns in the book are designed to be adjusted to the size of the wearer, which makes it infinitely useful.  She also dispels some of the myths of knitting, and gives practical and pragmatic suggestions.  Every beginner should read this book before attempting any project, and experts will use it as a comprehensive guide for years to come.
B0000524E5|1.0|This movie is Flashdance with no flash, a Saturday Night fever on a Wednesday afternoon happy hour. The main character is cute, but annoying. The bar atmosphere with all the dancing is stupid, and the plot is written for some afternoon school special. Save your money and treat yourself to a Big Mac meal. It will go down easier than the characters in this movie.
0451191153|1.0|I am a relatively tolerant person.  I can read a book I disagree with and live.  But this book was impossable.  I threw it in the trash can halfway through.  I don't have a problem with her characters, necissarily, but the way in which she portrayed the less perfect and heroic characters infuriated me.  Those people are you and I, keep in mind.  There is no Howard Roark; none of us can carry on a relationship with another person without speaking or contain the meaining of life in our art.  It's jsut not possable.  So if you want to read about how inferior and unaware you are, go right ahead and indulge yourself.
6305291489|5.0|I am an adult male in the thirties and I absolutely love this movie. I have been a Back to the Future Fan for the longest time and the whole series (BTTF 1, 2, and 3) have been my undisputed champion of the most enjoyable movies ever made. But I'm sorry to all the BTTF fans out there, this movie is even better than BTTF. It's  clean, funny, and touching at the same time. Everyone is perfectly cast in the movie but Lindsay Lohan steals the show. This is one of the first DVDs I bought and have watched it many many times since. When I feel down, watching this movie will cheer me up again (it's that good.) <br />One suggestion to Disney, please please please release the special edition DVD with at least the following feature: (1) the director's/actors' commentary and (2) behind-the-scene footage. I'd love to see how they did the double take with Annie and Hallie in the same frame.<br />If you have not seen this movie, you're missing out on what probably is the most beautiful movies ever made by Holywood. I hope Holywood will produce more clean good movies like this.
0399146253|3.0|I received Last Precinct as a Book on Tape for Christmas, never having read any of the prior books. As previous reviewers have noted, it is indeed introspective. But it is not so self-referential that a novice cannot pick up the details of the characters and their complex interrelationship.<br />My only qualms were what seemed like a deus-ex-machina at the end which saved one character from otherwise certain death. Figuring out the plot twist about the cause of Kay's woes a tape and a half from the end. A nagging urge to want to strangle some of the more evasive characters who Kay muses are hiding things from her but from whom she does not demand clear answers.<br />The forensic and investigative details had a good feel of verisimilitude. As a criminal defense attorney, my only caution to readers is that this kind of careful detective and forensic work is not often seen in routine cases. The castigated James City County detective is closer to the norm that our heroine and her inner circle.
B00000BKDZ|5.0|This is one Maiden's best album ever, alongside Number Of The Beast. There is a lot of arguing among fans as to which is the best but in my opinion, this comes out top. Moonchild is one excellent song, one of the best I've heard ever. The fact that Infinite Dreams follows it, which is even better, shows that it is no fluke. What surprises is me is that they had anything left after the last four albums. Not only were they still able to churn out another good album, they made an even better one than any other Maiden album. The quintet are just so tight and bonded together musically, combining all sorts of riffs, melodies and percussion that will leave you with your jaw on the floor!<br />The album has a theme to it, something which gives it an extra edge. It is a concept album and my interpretation of it is that it is about life, about where we are going before we even know ourselves. About religion, and questioning how much of it is real in an intelligent way (unlike most metal bands). About fate and about discovering things about ourselves that we never knew existed.<br />This is one amazing metal album. Iron Maiden may have been surpassed in speed, heaviness and agression, but not in quality, proving that good music will always come out on top. 12 years old and people still love this album. How many people listen to Coal Chamber's &quot;Chamber Music&quot; now, a mere year and a half after its release? I will admit that a newcomer may wish to get a compilation (Best Of The Beast) or a live album (Live After Death) first, but if you are a metal fan (and I'm not talking about any of this Nu-Metal crap) then this should be in your collection.
B00004XONN|5.0|radiohead, the worlds greatest rock band, simply refuse to repeat themselves.   this is a good thing campers.   if you want to hear a rehash of accessable love songs matchbox 20 is still out there sucking every day, just for you.  radiohead on the other hand are artists.   i have no idea what it all means, but the sheer beauty of the sounds is breathtaking.   motion picture soundtrack is a standout for me.   i still get chills when thom sings, &quot;i will see you in the next life.&quot;   wow.   lets all just hope that we get a extensive tour this year.
