B00003CWLE|5.0|I have always loved the story of Anna and the king, and so I was very excited when this movie came out. I went to see it almost as soon as it was released in theaters, and I have to say that I definitely wasn't  disappointed. It was so well done that you'd think it was actually filmed  in long-ago Siam. The scenery and costumes are amazing! As for the plot, it  never dragged and I was almost on the edge of my seat the whole time.  (Whether I was agonizing over their little romance or wondering what was  going to happen to the country...) After I was through watching it, I  wanted to go right back and watch it again! I highly recommend it to  anyone.
B00003CX59|5.0|Despite the pacing being a little slow at first too me,this film really picks up steam&amp;The Hacking Begins.Tim Burton&amp;His Vision is Incredible.Real Strong Chemistry between Johnny Deep&amp;Christina  Ricci.Christopher Walken is Creepy as Usual&amp;it works really well  here.Very Strong Effects.
B00004TL21|5.0|i love this cd and how all the songs start off soft and at the end it goes into a whole new different level of hardcore rock and chino busts out in every song i give this cd 5 stars
B00002MZ2T|3.0|I can't say as I didn't like this album, but the songs all sound the same.  If they varied in tune a little more this would be an awesome album.  A little more work put into the emotion of the music would also do this album  some good.  Other than that, 3 stars well earned!
1878424319|5.0|What a great book!   \\"The Four Agreements\\" flows with a simplicity and honesty that caught my attention.  I came away from this book feeling more at ease in myself.  Perhaps the most powerful passage in the book for me  was \\"Death is not the biggest fear we have;  our biggest fear is taking the  risk to be alive -- the risk to be alive and express what we really are.\\"    I hadn't looked at this idea before, and when I checked with myself I found  it to be true.  Miguel Ruiz's book does a great job of describing the  process through which we lose sight of our true selves.  After that, Ruiz  outlines the four agreements you can make with yourself to have a  fulfilling life.  They are simple and powerful and they can make a a great  difference in the quality of your life.<br />Gladly enough, when I found this  book on Amazon and read the reviews to check it out, I saw a review for  another book which I bought as well.   It is Ariel and Shya Kane's \\"Working  of Yourself Doesn't Work:  A Book About Instantaneous Transformation.\\"   This book is about having a magnificent life and nothing less.  And while  it seems too good to be true, I found that the  three principles of  transformation  the Kanes talk about touched me so profoundly that I HAVE  discovered my own magnificence.  No kidding!  Just by being in the moment,  life becomes magical.  By becoming aware of the mechanical behaviors that  keep us out of the moment, we regain our original freedom.  My work is  easier and I feel more connected to the people in my life.  Read this book  and the presence of the Kanes will seep through and you'll feel how true  and powerful their words are, and how deeply they care about people and  about the often-missed  possibility of living with immeasurable joy,  wellness, relationship, and satisfaction.
B00004T9UF|5.0|I bought this record.   think there is a song or 2 that we could do away with on this album, but aside from that, absolutely phenomenal!  Eminem's first album was big, and he has done it again.  I would recommend this  album to anyone of age.
6305622957|5.0|This is simply a beautiful film depicting the events leading up to, and including the attack on Pearl Harbor - enhanced even more through the DVD format.  I've seen this movie many times and it is now a welcome addition  to our film library.<br />For me, the best part is at the end when Admiral  Yamamoto, while in a meeting with his officers discussing a post-attack  message, leaves them with these final, prophetic words: &quot;I fear all we  have done is to awaken a sleeping giant and fill him with a terrible  resolve&quot;.
0783243499|5.0|I thought it was the best movie i have ever seen.  truly a great film by an excellent actor.
0792833279|4.0|John Travolta is Chili Palmer, a gangster who ventures to Hollywood to collect a debt, and in the process, plunges into the world of movies. Chili is played so cool and so slick by Italian king of slickness--Travolta and  with such comic brilliance mixed in with the dramatic plot elements. Gene  Hackman and Danny DeVito's characters are absolutely hilarious. Russo is  looking as hot as ever and the rest of this super cast all play their parts  really well. Look for Tony Soprano as &quot;Bear.&quot; Chili is the best  character though--I mean what's better than a gangster turned Hollywood?  What's better than a gangster picture that unfolds in Hollywood?
6305311463|3.0|It amazes me how people all of the sudden become these dare-I-say predictible &quot;film critics&quot; when watching movies like Armageddon.  Do you people honestly feel the people behind this film were after the  Acadamy Award for Best Picture?<br />Unfortunately, films like these are not  taken seriously anymore and should not be compared to gems like American  Beauty.  They are made for an entirely different purpose:  To appeal to our  basest entertainment needs and to make money.<br />The action was excellent,  the special effects mind-shattering, and the story was fun.  And  anyone  who likes to eat popcorn while watching a movie is sure to enjoy it.
B00003CWPL|5.0|I originally borrowed this movie from a friend of mine. Since then I can not get that damn chicken scene out of my head. You need to see it to believe it. By far one of the best black &amp; white indy flicks I have  ever seen, this movie combines psychologically disturbing images with a  great song about heaven. Last time I saw any movie that could even compare  to Eraserhead, I vomitted. If Eraserhead teachers you anything serious, it  teaches you to not eat ANYTHING while watching a good movie.
B00004TL21|5.0|With the latino/dance/rave/pop trend extending its fifteen minutes fo fame into what have proven to be several long years, it's nice to see that there is, in fact, a very alive underculture.  Bands like Nine Inch Nails, A  Perfect Circle, and the Red Hot Chili Peppers (we'll, miss you Smashing  Pumpkins) have re-assured my faith in the future of rock and music in  general, and there's another band to add to that list - the  Deftones.<br />With their new album, &quot;White Pony&quot;, Chino Moreno (et  al) have shown that they have what it takes to stand the test of time.  It  is very possible to see the similarities between their new work and older  hits (such as &quot;Be Quiet And Drive&quot;), yet, as evidenced by tracks  such as the beautiful &quot;Teenager&quot;, the band has obviously felt no  need to stick to the tried and true.  This is a very good thing - the  willingness to evolve sets truly grat bands apart from the one-hit  wonders.<br />Another track worth mentioning (outside of the current singles)  is &quot;Passenger&quot;, which features Maynard Keenan, of  &quot;Tool&quot; and &quot;A Perfect Circle&quot; fame.  But then again,  they're all fairly solid tunes.  Take the White Pony out for a bit of a  ride... you'll be glad you did.
0375703764|5.0|I picked this book up one afternoon at Rizzoli in the WFC, and felt cheated. This was not the book I was looking for. This was something else - not a book, more like a journey, with a cacaphony of voices bleating off  the pages. I didn't know about the reviews, the prizes, the nominations.  All I knew was I needed something to do while waiting for a friend to  finish her damn meeting and come down for lunch, and figured burning some  time in a bookstore would be a good thing, since I had a 2 hour flight to  JAX in 4 hours. I knew something was wrong after the first 3 chapters,  after I got up from my aisle seat and got lost in the plane's restroom.
B000009QPO|2.0|I know a lot of people really like this cd and that's why I took a chance on it.  BORING!  is the word for it.  They sound like a bunch of high schoolers in the basement.  The same rhythm guitar in every cut, hardly  ever a solid guitar riff.<br />Maybe the other reviewers were right, this is a  cd for lovers of Neil Young who is a great songwriter but hardly a great  musician.
0553108034|2.0|Oh for the love of all that is good and holy!   This book illustrates perfectly why there are no fantasy novels written about stable hands or cooks or characters that die off in a couple chapters.  It seems as though  we have regressed to the Dickensian era when writers were paid by the word  because 40%+ of this novel was pure unadulterated filler.  A variety of  perspectives help the plot progress but too many create an immobile plot.   We all knew that Jon Snow was going to end up beyond the wall but Lord  above did Mr. Martin pull teeth in getting us there.  And honestly, does  anyone care to read about a demon crawling from the loins of a  woman(*shudder*).  It appears as though the author has caught a mutated  strain of the Jordan/Goodkind virus.  He's not writing a horrendous  monstrosity like Mr. Goodkind but it's taken him only 2 books to get to the  same level of gibberish it took Mr. Jordan 5 books to get to.  Please...please...PLEASE!   Get to the point already!   The word trilogy  exists for a reason...
6305910324|5.0|This is not a movie only about chess any more than &quot;Field of Dreams&quot; was only about baseball.  This is about a father who wants his son to excel, and about a son who just wants his father's love and approval  just to be a &quot;normal&quot; kid.  &quot;Chess&quot; in this movie could  have been a metaphor for any special &quot;gift&quot; or talent, but it is  important to mention that this film is based on real-life persons and  events.<br />This is a story about finding one's character and courage in  the face of mounting pressure and high expectations.  It's about a very  young boy who wants to be sure his father loves him for who he is, not just  for what he can do.<br />Written and directed by Steven Zaillian (who wrote,  among other things, the screenplay for Spielberg's &quot;Schindler's  List&quot;), SFBF is a heartwarming movie that has you rooting and  cheering.  And young Max Pomeranc is a real fine young actor!  Multiple  Oscar-nominee Joan Allen plays the boy's mother in this film, and here she  continues to solidify her position as one of the most wonderful actresses  working today.  Will she EVER get the widespread recognition she deserves?
0793927501|5.0|This is without a doubt my favorite movie,with two of my favorite actors, Alec Baldwin and Anthony Hopkins. Both of these actors are brillant.Is there any chance sometime in the future we might get to see a movie titled  The Edge part 2 or the edge 2? The movie not only has lots of beautiful  scenery but you really do feel as though you are right there in the movie.  If you have never seen this movie I highly reccomend you get this movie its  awesome.Also checkout the webpage they made for this movie its great. These  are the kind of movies I love to see with snow and wilderness and a  wonderful story that will keep you on the edge of your seat excitement. I  love this movie.
6305910324|5.0|This is not a movie only about chess any more than &quot;Field of Dreams&quot; was only about baseball.  This is about a father who wants his son to excel, and about a son who just wants his father's love and approval  just to be a &quot;normal&quot; kid.  &quot;Chess&quot; in this movie could  have been a metaphor for any special &quot;gift&quot; or talent, but it is  important to mention that this film is based on real-life persons and  events.  <br />This is a story about finding one's character and courage in  the face of mounting pressure and high expectations.  It's about a very  young boy who wants to be sure his father loves him for who he is, not just  for what he can do.<br />Written and directed by Steven Zaillian (who wrote,  among other things, the screenplay for Spielberg's &quot;Schindler's  List&quot;), SFBF is a heartwarming movie that has you rooting and  cheering.  And young Max Pomeranc is a real fine young actor!  Multiple  Oscar-nominee Joan Allen plays the boy's mother in this film, and here she  continues to solidify her position as one of the most wonderful actresses  working today.  Will she EVER get the widespread recognition she deserves?
0679882820|5.0|We started reading this book regularly to my daughter when she was eight months old.  She can't get enough of it.  She will sit still and listen and laugh as we read this to her over and over.  I think part of it is the  animation in which we use during the reading, but this book lends itself to  that perfectly.  I highly recommend it!
B00003XACV|5.0|A beautiful selection of music with the smash Dead Already: A great piece of music and the original score
0374172897|3.0|I learned of this book when the Pultizer Prize announcement was made. This small book seemed like a tiny jewel. However, the attractive presentation and hype seemed overdone to the subject matter itself. The writing was  world-class yet the work was not inspiring.  My high expectations were not  met. I am left wondering still about what criteria the Pultizer Committee  uses in making its awards.
B00000D9TK|1.0|This album is absolutely the worse album that has ever been made.  The songs are all awful, and Celine has got to have THE WORSE VOICE of any singers that I have ever heard in my LIFE.  Celine, I reccomend that before  you make a new album,  you begin to write your own songs, because these  ballads are meaningless.So don't buy this CD,  Go out and Buy Ace of Base's  &quot;Greatest Hits&quot;, now they can sing, unlike Celine Dion
B00004TL21|5.0|What can I say? The Deftones have outdone themselves entirely with White Pony. This album is a lungful of crisp autumn air in comparison to the odorous muggy gas that most of the current &quot;hard-core bands&quot; have  been putting out. Everything about White Pony is perfect. Chino Moreno's  voice soars free with incredible range like none other. Steven Carpenter  finds just the right chord progressions and guitar tones to complement  Chino's vocal work. Chi Cheng backs it up with low end, and Abe Cunningham  creates entrancing beats that cement everything together. Topping it all  off, the album is true to the Deftones's tradition of defying the gimmicky  and trendy trash that plagues our airwaves.<br />Ok, I admit this album is  less heavy than their preceding cds, but don't let that fool you into  thinking White Pony is any weaker than the other workhorse-like albums. On  the contrary, White Pony is their best yet. Surprisingly,  &quot;Elite&quot;, the hardest song on the album, is my least favorite. The  better tracks on White Pony have more of a meloncholy melodic feel to them  in a &quot;Be Quiet and Drive&quot;-sort-of-way. &quot;Teenager&quot;, in  particular, is a new sound for the Deftones, coming fully equipped with  trip-hop beats and sweet harmonized vocals. &quot;Knife Party&quot;  directly follows &quot;Teenager&quot;, and the transition between the two  songs is incredibly smooth. Any Tool fan will recognize Maynard James  Keenan's voice in some of his very best work on the song  &quot;Passenger&quot;; his performance on the track gives me chills every  time I hear it. And for those who are lucky enough to obtain the limited  editions of the cd, they'll find that the last two tracks, &quot;Pink  Maggit&quot; and &quot;The Boy's Republic&quot; share choruses to allow the  album flow like melted butter on Teflon. <br />The Deftones have truly found  their niche as a band, and White Pony puts most of the newly released cds  to shame. By the way, don'tthink that White Pony can't possibly live up to  the hype that I've given it. All my friends had to put up with my ranting  and raving about this album two months before it came out on cd (I had it  on mp3 and, yes, I did actually buy it on cd the day it came out), and not  one of them felt even the least bit let down after hearing it.
B00003CWL6|5.0|This is such a brillent movie that deserves the full works when it comes out on DVD.  <br />They could bring out a special collectors edition where it would have 2 discs, one for the film, and the other brimming full of  special features, like most companies have done with their films such as  The Fight Club, The Abyss, etc.<br />The list would be endless, you could have  an oscar segment, where we see the people who were involved in the film,  collect their awards and listen to their Speeches.<br />They could put  everything on the disc to do with the film, because this film deserves  everything, as its a classic movie, and I recommend anyone who hasn't yet  seen it, to see it, and see it again.<br />I give it infinity out of infinity.
B00004TL21|3.0|the deftones 3rd studio album rocks... i'll admit that. but unfortunately, in their attempt to broaden their horizons a bit and expand on their musical talents sometimes results in a more generic pop-feely  sound...granted, it's still loud and the strength of Chino's vocal chords  still astounds me, but in general, the album sounds quite a bit more  radio-friendly than their last two efforts.
051788710X|5.0|I found Robert Moss's book life changing for me.  It is an entertaining read, fast paced and informative, it covers a full range of angles on dream work and dreaming.  As a dreamer and dreamworker, it has been an invaluable  reference book.
6303675212|3.0|The original \\"Miracle on 34th Street\\" has always been one of my favorite Christmas movies. Every year, it is on my \\"must see\\" holiday re-viewing list. This latest incarnation of that classic story is not in the same  league as the first one, but it is still an enjoyable film and a fine  addition to any Christmas program.<br />The story, of course, is about Santa  Claus. Kris Kringle (Richard Attenborough) is hired by nonbeliever Dorey  (Elizabeth Perkins) to play Santa at the world famous Cole's department  store. (Macy's did not want to be in the remake.) Kris is an immediate hit,  beloved by all for his policy of sending shoppers to other stores to find  bargains.<br />Dorey's young daughter Susan (Mara Wilson of \\"Mrs. Doubtfire\\")  does not believe in Santa either. Kringle decides that if he can convince  the two of them that he is the genuine article, then there is still hope  for him. Otherwise, he may as well hang up his suit for good. Although  Dorey is firmly convinced, Susan is willing to give him a chance-especially  if he'll give her what she really wants for Christmas: a Dad, a new house  and a baby brother.<br />Susan has even got Mr. Right picked out: Dorey's  almost-boyfriend Bryan (Dylan McDermott). He's the ultimate nice guy and  already loves Susan and her mom. The hard part is getting Dorey to go along  with their plans. She keeps resisting, even though the story doesn't really  justify it. He's so obviously perfect for her that we know they're going to  get together and just wish she'd stop acting so stubborn.<br />The story is  basically the same as in the 1947 classic. Writer-producer John Hughes has  made a few changes to make the film more contemporary, but nothing too  severe. A movie like this trades heavily on nostalgia, so he cannot risk  changing too much. One notable alteration comes at the climax of the  courtroom scene where Bryan is trying to prove that Kris really is Santa  Claus. Unfortunately, the plot device used here doesn't worknearly as well  as the original one did. I found the mail delivery scene in the first film  much more convincing than what Hughes came up with.<br />The acting in  \\"Miracle\\" is all satisfactory. Perkins and McDermott do not seem to have  much chemistry between them, but otherwise they are okay. Mara Wilson is  cute as Susan, if you don't mind her lisping delivery. Attenborough,  though, is superb as jolly old Saint Nick. His is the only performance that  matches up to the standard set in the original. Attenborough is a noted  director-he did \\"Gandhi\\"-and does not act much anymore so it was really a  pleasure to see him here.<br />If, ultimately, this remake is not as good as  the first \\"Miracle\\"-and remakes almost never are-it is still fun to watch.  No classic this one, but a pleasant two hours' viewing nonetheless. I look  forward to seeing it again next year.
0783228457|2.0|This brutal Cronenburg film began with an intriguing story.  The hallucinating effects are brilliant, as is James Woods performance.  But as the story unfolds it becomes boring, trivial, and lost.  For a good  Cronenburg film, check out Naked Lunch or Crash.  As for a James Woods  performance, any will do.  His acting is never anything less than superior.
078324228X|4.0|It's a fascinating movie and it's a fascinating story. But this is a typical Hollywood film. The movie differs in some parts from the original story.......
0780627032|5.0|Being that I am a raving Nightmare On Elm Street Fan, I bought this VHS set the day it was released.  They look and sound great.  Kruger is as evil as ever, slashing his way from one film to the next.  This was a great box  set to make, so do yourself a favor and BUY IT!  Freddy Kruger is the God  of the slasher film.  I love to watch each director develop their own style  for old Fred, then I can watch the director commentary after the films end.   Now all we need are HALLOWEEN and FRIDAY the 13th boxsets!
B00003CWOL|4.0|There are a few really great things about Dogma - the dozens of references to other movies, Allen Rickman's role as the voice of God, Selma Hyack (I'd pay to watch her read from the phone book)and Chris Rock as Rufus. There  are also a few plot holes and a few scenes (the campfire scene, for  example) that should've been cut - Oh, and let's not forget the casting of  God. All in all this film is still a great deal of fun(it helps to be a  Kevin Smith fan).
B00004THAY|5.0|Yes, indeed.  12 tracks of absolutely jaw dropping proof that age means nothing for the true guitar gods.  This music goes STRAIGHT past your ears and to your heart and hips.   Amazing.
6303921248|5.0|My sister, exposed friends, and I all agree this is the most smoldering version.  We love both Jennifer Ehle as Elizabeth and Colin Firth as Darcy. Support by others (special notice of Julia Sawalha) completes the terrific,  wonderful version of this humorous novel.  You'll want to own it so you can  go back to the dynamic scenes between Darcy and Elizabeth many times.
B000031WD8|4.0|This is this decades teenage funny movie. There are parts of this movie you will never forget. I currently have fond memories of flutes, and I was never in band. But now I wish I had been...(See the movie, you'll  understand why.)<br />A funny movie...the new &quot;Fast times at Ridgemount  High&quot;.
6305470464|5.0|I went to see this movie with a friend. We hadn't heard anything about it, but thought that a movie with Sean Connery, Gena Rowlands, Madeleine Stowe and Gilian Anderson had to be worth spending a couple of hours to watch. It  was!  It doesn't make you laugh out loud, but it makes your heart smile,  while your eyes cry. It shows love's many different faces, and it does it  so persuasive that you walk out of the theatre wanting to continue to be in  the world where we meet Rowlands and Connery, an old married couple that  necause of his brain-tumour have to discuss the infidelity from 20 years  ago. Madeleine Stowe and Anthony Edwards who are having a relationship even  though they are both married. She with a man that has become more of a  roommate than a husband, but he loves his wife. Dennis Quaid, who is acting  in bars. He tells the most amazing stories to be able to convince his wife  that he has imagination. Jay Mohr and Ellen Burstyn, the mother and son,  who after many years of lying and hiding their true identities have to  start from scratch, because he is gay and is dying from Aids. Gillian  Anderson and Jon Steward are dating. She has been burned in the past and is  afraid of letting him in.He is looking for the woman he can have a  relationship with and not just date. All of the above play wonderfully, but  the most touching story is the one about Angelina Jolie and Ryan Phillippe.  She doesn't seem to have any difficulties with saying 20 things in one  sentence. He hardly says anything. She wants him, but he doesn't date. When  you hear the reason why, it makes you want to cry. Phillippe shows a talent  that I didn't know he possesed and Jolie is lovely and expresses so much  life into every scene. If you want to see a movie that makes you cry, even  though you end up with smiling, then you ought to see &quot;Playing By  Heart&quot; or &quot;Dancing About Architecture&quot; as the first and the  proper title was. It's wonderful and it makes you believein love.
6305165912|5.0|As with any opinion dealing with an artistic medium, some people hate this movie and some (very wise and insightful) people love this movie.  Jeff Bridegs is perfect as The Dude, a 60's slacker who refuses to leave his  college days behind.  The Dude is paired up with John Goodman as Walter, a  Vietnam vet stuck in war mode and disturbed that the country he fought to  save is going to hell in a handbasket.  Throw in half a dozen other  typically eccentric Coen Bros. characters and you don't have much.  At  least that's what one would think.  The interplay between the actors is  superb and hilarious, and the situations the characters fall into aren't  forced or cheapened for the sake of comedy.  If you don't laugh at Jesus'  lines, or Walter's rants, or the scene at the edge of the Pacific Ocean,  then you should be checked for a pulse.  This film has all the elements of  a modern classic.
B0000065PD|3.0|This movie is a lot of fun, although clearly written, produced, and directed by people who haven't a clue about the military.<br />The discovery of the Stargate and the puzzling-out of its origin and operation are the  best part of the movie. Once the team gets to Abadoes, the plot falls  apart. The special forces soldiers squabble and act generally like spoiled  ten-year-olds. The CO is a potential suicide who clearly should not be on  active duty. Most of the military characters are laughably miswritten and  acted. But put that aside and the rest of the movie is fun.<br />The Showtime  series &quot;Stargate SG-1&quot; is FAR superior, and is, in fact, the most  fun on TV. Too bad the TV series could not have been the feature  film.<br />K.B. (retired Navy)
0800132335|1.0|Truly an outstanding film and I agree with all the positive comments.  However, I have seen the film 3 times. First in German with English Subtitles, Second Dubbed in English, and again in German with English  subtitles.<br />The impact of native German spoken in combat is awesome and  cannot be captured in the English dubbed version.  The dubbed version just  felt so fake.  For that reason alone I gave the dubbed version one star.   Get the English subtitled version if possible, DVD if you can!
0671891634|3.0|I think that Peter Lynch ia a great investor and a good writer. But I found &quot;Beating the Street&quot; to be, for the most part, a repeat of Peter Lynch's previous book &quot;One Up On Wall Street&quot;. If you are a  die hard Peter Lynch fan (as I am), then you will find both books  enjoyable. But most people should bypass &quot;Beating the Street&quot; if  they have already read &quot;One Up On Wall Street&quot;.
6305910103|5.0|This is the Star Trek movie for people who don't like Star Trek movies, and for die-hard Trekkies themselves.  Superhuman Khan (from original series episode &quot;Space Seed&quot;) is accidently rediscovered on the  desolate planet, left there to rot by Kirk, and sets out for nasty revenge.   Y'see, there's this new thing the Federation is working on called the  Genesis Project.  It lands on a dead planet or moon and turns it into a  planet-sized garden of Eden.  But what happens when you launch it at a  planet that's already got life?  Well, that's what Khan intends to find out  just as soon as he's done making Kirk and his Enterprise full of cadets and  original cast members completely miserable and then just dead if he can  manage.  It's one of best battles of wits in movie history, some of the  best and most original ideas in sci-fi history, and by far the best villian  that the series has ever seen (yes, even cooler than Q).<br />Best line -  Khan: Have you ever heard of the Klingon proverb of how revenge is  a dish  best served cold? It very cold...in space...
158234082X|5.0|To all you three-star and below reviewers: LIGHTEN-UP!  Yes, this is at times profane and a tad too honest, but those of us who have worked in the food industry know how accurate it is.  His tone sets the proper rhythm for  this dysfunctional line of work.  This is truly a fun read.  A must for  your summer reading list.  Remember, this chronicles his 25-years in the  industry - drug and drink phases and all. I feel an clever, innovative  movie in the making.
B000000XB9|5.0|Great greatest hits CD! I love every song. CCR is the best group of the 60's. BUY THIS NOW!
B000021Y77|5.0|This movie was just way too much fun!<br />This film owes a deliciously quirky debt to Chaos Theory and Quantum Mechanics. Chaos Theory includes the Butterfly Effect which describes causal equations whose outcome are  susceptible to very fine changes of input. (e.g. the air currents stirred  by a butterfly flapping its wings in Brazil starts a chain of atmospheric  changes that effect whether or not it rains in New York.) In quantum  mechanics, the Many Worlds Theory explains temporal paradoxes by proposing  that for every possible variation of every event, a parallel universe is  spawned which continues a particular chain of events.  <br />Our butterfly  Lola flaps her wings over here and people meet, get married, age, and die  over there. She flaps her wings a little differently and cars crash, people  fight, Manni lives. <br />The story is propelled by a brilliant  pulse-quickening techno-dance soundtrack produced in part by the director.  The movie, as a whole, works, hurling the audience towards the mutable,  uncertain conclusion. <br />Unfortunately, all is not perfect. The dubbed  English dialog, at best, features uninspired performances and, at worst,  completely discolors the movie. Fortunately, the art shines through this  detracting artifact and the film still rates a &quot;five.&quot;
B000002B7M|5.0|This is the first album I have bought of Ozzy's solo career. I have to admit I absolutly love this CD. I especially look foward to the great Randy Rhodes guitar riffs and solos in every song. Pitty he only lived for 2  albums. Songs 7 and 9 are probally the only real week songs on the CD. I  also recommend the great album Diary of the Madman.
B000003TSP|5.0|Many people are swift to condemn this album as 'Dummy's poorer relation. I admit, I found this album difficult and disappointing at first, but, much like 'Mezzanine' by Massive Attack, it wormed it's way into my  conciousness, and has stayed there since. Of course the album is close to  'dummy', it is made by the same people! But, there are some crucial  differences between this album and 'Dummy'. For a start, Beth's vocals are  harsher, more varied and dare I say, sexier. She still seems upset about  something (Undenied, Only You) but tracks like Cowboys and Seven Months  show her to be more venomous and up for a fight. In terms of the sound,  there is still the scratching and breakbeats, but also there is more sparse  composition (winess the strikingly simple and effective 'Over'), and when  Portishead want to use an orchestra, boy, do they use it. The string  section of the LP makes up the finest track, 'Humming', a beautiful and  epic combination of 30 violins and the Theremin, making it sound like a  Horror film theme, except much better.  If you loved 'Dummy', then you  should buy this, as it will grow on you. It might seem inapproachable and  difficult at first, but the sheer depth of the sound will ensure that you  come bck for more. Give it a chance.
B00000JCOV|5.0|This Album is a CD that many people can not live with out, If you like Death Metal/Hardcore stuff, like KoRn P.O.D. Static X  Coal Chamber, and Sevendust, try out this CD.  This is pure musical genius.  Corey Taylor,  the vocalist, is a pure poetic genius as well.  His extravagant vocals are  completely the final touch to this great album.  The vocals go perfectly  with the screaming guitar licks and riffs, THIS IS THE BAND OF THE  CENTURY!
B00000BKDW|5.0|I was a kid of only 13 years when this album came out and it rocked my world literally. Being raised on Sabbath and Zeppelin I had my taste for heavy metal firmly embedded by then. There is no album in the world that  can compare to this one (except for maybe the excellent live album Live  After Death). Not even Metallica can match this album. Buy it, listen to  it, and love it for what it is the best Heavy Metal album ever.
0805062971|5.0|this is one of the coolest books i ever read its just as good as the movie but a totle difrent experience although it still follows the basic part of the movie it has thing not in the movie, events in the book happen for  diffrent resons than they do in the movie it also has a diffrent ending  wich although i didnt care for to much leaves the ending open for your own  ideas or maby a sequal? and it also has some nice step by steps on how to  create some bombs and im pretty sure there acurate (unlike the anarchy cook  book) soo ifyou thought the movie was the coolest like me than read the  book and i am pretty confident you will like it or if yourlook ing for a  guid for world demise of the human race or just a good bomb making book  than this is it. its the coolest dont expect the movie when you read this.
0425129608|5.0|This is one of the best works of Christie.This is definately a Poirot Classic.The Characters you'll fall in love with,I know I did.This is one of my all time favorites.The ending is a sheer shock.You wont find better than  this.I was so hooked on this book that I read it within a few days.Read  this and you'll want to read it again.
0553278223|5.0|Let's see here: A man builds a reproduction of the House of Usher, an alien impersonates a lost child, an ironic tale of the last man and woman on Mars, the story of a house after the end of the world. The only thing  that links them is the planet Mars and the themes that run through out  Bradbury's entire body of work. These stories, like most anything by  Bradbury, are amazingly poignant and lyrical. This and Gene Wolfe's Fifth  Head of Cerberus are perhaps the two best novels made up out of short  stories ever writen.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This is the best CD ever.  There is nothing like it!  The cover kinda weird, but you can just throw that away if you don't like it.  What's My Age Again, Adam's Song, Aliens Exist brings drumming, and everthing that  will make you want to jump up and dance.  This Rocks!  BUY IT!
0440180295|4.0|John Clute called Vonnegut the funniest SF author ever. I don't know. This book made me snicker at times, but I didn't really laugh. I think it is in Vonnegut's delivery, the scenes are not visual enough. This, ironicaly,  works well with the tragic elements though. The only other problem is there  is no sense of closer because of the fragmented style, but this same style  works very well when you are in the middle of the book. If you like this,  I'd think you'd also like Canticle for Leibowits by Walter Miller. It is   somewhat more optimistic, but just as poignant.
B00002MZ2C|1.0|such an insulting band does not deserve to be heard... there is nothing: no music no tone; it just sounds like these rap bands against everything.
B000002ADT|5.0|I believe that of all the recorded music of the twentieth century, this album will be one of the select number that will still be listened to and studied a hundred years from now.  It's delightful to think that this album  still rates as a top seller over forty years after it was recorded.<br />And  why not?  There has never been a jazz &quot;supergroup&quot; quite like the  lineup for &quot;Kind of Blue&quot;.  It boggles the mind to think that  these were essentially first-take, improvised performances with little or  no rehearsal.  Genius was truly bottled here for future generations to  sample.<br />No matter what you may think of jazz, give this album a try (and  for hardcore jazz fans, try honestly asking yurself if anything in your  collection can really hold its own next to this).  Like the liner notes  say, this music will become an indispensable part of your life.
B00004SU5J|5.0|I normally stick to Jazz Musicians I know but I recently came across St Germain purly by accident. I bought the CD and I must say I have not been disappointed. Rose Rouge is an excellent track. In fact all the tracks are  brilliant. The Trumpet, saxophone and guitar playing is superb. This has to  be a &quot;must buy&quot; CD for this year!
B00004TL21|5.0|This is the third installment from Nu-Metal band, Deftones, and let me tell you, it is simply mind blowing. No question about it, this is the best cd we have heard from the 'Tones. It was really really worth the wait. I  have waited a year and a half since I first got wind of it, and after many  tempting internet downloads, I managed to hold back until the very day it  was released. And that is the best way to listen to this cd. Kind of like  Korn's &quot;Issues&quot; or Tool's &quot;Aenema&quot;, this cd has a  thread running through it which basically means, stick with it and listen  to it the whole way through, or else you won't understand it. There are a  lot of new groundbreaking songs that carry a more mature melodic Deftones  sound, like Digital Bath, Change, RX Queen, Teenager, Pink Maggit. Those  are the most pleasurable experiences on this album. Then of course you have  classic Deftones style on Elite, Korea, Passenger and Feiticeira. It's all  a good blend and every song is free and devoid of error. It's been a long  time since a cd has blown me away like this one, not since I heard Korn's  self titled 94 debut. This is truly the best cd of the new Millennium, and  I doubt that in the next thousand years, ANY band will be able to top this.
B00004TL21|5.0|this is just a awesome record it truly shows how versitile a record can be
B00003CWL6|3.0|This movie is good, entertaining, and funny. With a good storyline and worthy acting make this one a winner...barely.
B00000JCB2|4.0|Limp Bizkit's latest effort blends Alternative, Rap and Metal and does it very well.  There are many great tracks on this CD, most of which are pretty heavy. This CD will definitely grow on you after a listen or two  even if you aren't crazy about this new music movement. This CD will appeal  to fans of Kid Rock, Korn and Nine Inch Nails.  WARNING: Once you put it in  your CD player, it wont come back out!   Yes, its that good!  If you are a  fan of any of the above bands, or heavy Rock, I highly recommend this CD!
B00003Q43A|5.0|WOW! As soon as my copy of ID4 arrived I turned up the volume and let her fly. I have seen hundreds of DVD's and this one takes the cake. The sound transfer is amazing. DVD's like this one is the reason I have spent so much  money on my system. My system loved this movie. The picture quality is  superb, and the added 9 minutes that are added seemlessly are great. The  best &quot;bonus&quot; feature for me personaly was the inclusion of the  Apple Computer ad that ran when the film was in theaters- &quot;Macintosh,  the power to save the world&quot;. I was praying that it would be there,  and it was! This is not my favorite movie, but it is my favorite DVD. This  is the one to show off your system to your friends and family!
B00000ADG2|5.0|and unreal talent.  Lauryn Hill is a great artist.  There is truly no other way to describe her.  The songs are hauntingly beautiful and the lyrics are applicable to real life.  I can not wait for the next release  from this original and creative artist.
B000002ADT|5.0|In 1960, at the age of seven, two things happened that shaped my life. I got to here Frank Sinatra live with full orchestra and I heard Kind of Blue for the first time. I wore out the record. The next year I begged for a  saxophone and learned to play from this record. The remaster is superb and  in the original key. I listen to it every day. The songs never date and  remain the best sessions ever laid down. ENJOY
B00004T9UF|4.0|But wasn't that to be expected?  Slim Shady was disturbing as well, but Marshall Mathers truly allows us to get inside his head.. and even though you may not want to be there, you can't help but get into Eminem's definite  talent and unique sound.  Listening to 'Kim' made me shiver, wondering HOW  can one person feel so strongly about another, and it was mesmerizing and  not in a good way.  Em is definitely a true talent - not studio engineered  - but TRUE to heart, and I hope to hear more from him soon.
B000002ADT|5.0|In 1960, at the age of seven, two things happened that shaped my life. I got to here Frank Sinatra live with full orchestra and I heard Kind of Blue for the first time. I wore out the record. The next year I begged for a  saxophone and learned to play from this record. The remaster is superb and  in the original key. I listen to it every day. The songs never date and  remain the best sessions ever laid down. ENJOY
B000001FSR|5.0|One of the few five-stars in my book.  This was the second Waits album I bought and it has remained with me lo these many years later.<br />Waits' songwriting has already been rightfully praised by other reviewers.  What I  want to talk about is the music and arrangements that create the atmosphere  that sustains this album.  The accordion on &quot;Blow Wind Blow&quot; that  sounds like it was lifted straight from a 1930's era Popeye cartoon.  The  clanking, squawking, grinding guitars and the eerie wobble of the Optigan,  a toy organ that Waits uses in ways its makers never intended. (The rooster  on &quot;I'll Be Gone&quot; is actually from the Optigan.)<br />There's more  I could mention.  The Albert Ayleresque intro to &quot;Temptation.&quot;  The dark, spare resonance of &quot;Yesterday is Here&quot; which sounds  like it's being played by a bum with a broken guitar at a deserted railroad  crossing.  &quot;Please Wake Me Up,&quot;  (a plea not to be awakened  during a dream) drowned in waves of wobbling pump organ with Waits' vocal  sounding as if it was recorded over the phone.  The frightful apotheosis of  &quot;Straight To The Top (Vegas)&quot; and &quot;I'll Take New York,&quot;  which sounds like the soundtrack to the crucifixion of a bad lounge singer.<br />Nothing is normal here, which fits in with the theme of dreams.  And  underlying everything is the same kind of sorrow that motivates the best  American music; the blues, in short.  It's about wandering, whether in your  mind or in reality or both.<br />If you have to be lost, it might as well be  with Tom Waits, who can tell a shaggy dog story better than anyone.<br />Tom  Waits is an oddity, complete unto himself, and probably one of the greatest  artists America has ever produced, although most Americans don't realize  it.  This is one of his best and most completely realized pieces of art.
B000002J09|2.0|This band is one of the richest and most popular in history, It is also the most pretentious overrated shallow music you'll ever here, except the boy bands. If you want real British rockers try Pink Floyd and the Rolling  Stones(a bit overrated) And of course, the awesome Beatles and the Who as  well. Floyd's lyrics and guitar are so much better than zep. However, for  simply the best music of all time and the deepest lyrics try The Doors!  Morrison will come back from the grave and destroy Page. If you want to  argue about it, you can email me at zeusfans@aol.com
6305903182|5.0|scream 3 was an excellent film. only wes craven, the master of horror himself, could make a horror movie this good. i really hope they do not make anymore sequels because then that would just ruin the whole thing  entirely. leave it as the trilogy that it is. only wes craven could've put  so much drama to a horror series...only him. the ending was somewhat  puzzling cause the killer really isn't someone that you'd expect them to be  at all. get the whole trilogy.
B00002E233|5.0|The best movie ever! Full of action, suspense, drama, horror, thrills, chills, and sharks! The shark effects in this movie are unbelievable, great, wonderful, perfect, supurb! Great, spectacular, fantastic, movie!
B00000AFFF|5.0|I have been an absolute E.C. fanatic for over 20 years. I bought Armed forces when I was 16 and quickly gobbled up his first 2 records. Why? because his voice as often criticized as it's been has scorched my heart and soul. So now I arrive, I am 37 years old and I certainly don't want to  hear Elvis trying to dupe Elvis with  all of the so called &quot;crest of  the new wave&quot; nonsense. What I hear is a man still evolving  emotionally. Well maybe he is nowhere further, maybe &quot;Alison&quot; is  every women and maybe he decieved himself into thinking that he would  mature past the pain of mere mortality. No that is absolutely too shallow  of a summation. Still nearly 30 albums later he arrives in his darkest  place. I have to wonder so very much but what I wonder is of little  significance. The truth here that becomes so much stranger than fiction is  that His voice is more beautiful than ever. Costello and Bacharach fit  together like Hand in Glove. Two hopeless romantics. One could say they are  ill suited but that is just misconception. Love and it's associated pain  have many faces. I know love to be sometimes Giddy. Bacharach's music never gave you the final answer.  Elvis's Lyrics always pose bigger questions. I can go on and on about each  song. all of which are gems. you won't like this record if you are a  surface minded fool. You will love each song if you still dream to find  that one mythical romantic love. If you really risk the pain of it. Elvis  is the greatest songwriter alive today. This record is a masterpiece.
B00004THO3|5.0|If you find adultery offensive, don't read this book. If you like Cinderella fairy tales, this is not for you. If you are looking for intellectual discussions, don't waste your time. But if you want to  experience the joy and intensity of true love between two people, you have  to read this book! I have tasted such love once and this book describes  many similar feelings (and even words) I experienced. Tired of Hollywood's  frequent portrayal of men who seem to be only interested in  &quot;scoring&quot; women, I applaud Waller's effort in depicting another  kind of masculinity, rare but real, who has a genuine desire to find and  cultivate the kindred spirit in his life. Whether you are a man or woman,  in love or out of love, you will find this uplifting story touch your soul  and giving you hope.
B00003W8NM|4.0|This DVD package has just about everything you could want in it, except for a great movie. Sure the film is beautifully shot, but there are alot of plotholes, the pacing is inconsistent, and the film almost falls apart in  its last half hour. But still a fun ride, if you don't think too much. Now  on to the DVD: This is truly the best DVD package yet. It has numerous  commentaries, behind the scenes footage, storyboards, visual effects tests,  deleted scenes with commentary of why they were deleted, cast&amp;crew  biographies, a cool little booklet with quotes about the film (both  positive and negative) and tons more. Every DVD should be modeled after  this every single one. The film gets 3 stars. The DVD gets 5 stars. Overall  package 4 stars.
B00002ZMNV|5.0|I've just got my own copy of this version of this taped concet, I have to say it's better than the VHS, for obvious reasons the bonus part is good, is the same as the one in the different versions of the No Leaf Clover  singles, and the special VHS edition. But it sounds much better and it  looks a lot different. I am a little dissappointed on the angles since it's  only for 2 songs, one on each CD and there is no 32 page booklet. If you  like or you are coriuos about how the songs sound only orchestrated, it is  a verey strange but good expirience. But for what it's worth it is greta  since it is a DVD and made just right.
0441172717|4.0|After hearing and reading many glowing reviews, I was disappointed to find that Dune was not quite what I had expected.  Perhaps my less-than-perfect rating is due to the discrepancy between my expectations and what was  delivered, but I found that Dune lacked a overall cohesiveness that would  have merited it the fifth star.  There were points where the novel seemed  to teeter on the edge of something greater, but the potential was never  fulfilled and the work would quickly steer clear of whatever larger goal it  had glimpsed.<br />The barren landscape which Herbert depicts is very real in  its harsh cruelties, and I doubt that anyone could dispute Herbert's  ability to render an entire world and a related existence with such  precision.  However, I found his characters devoid of that which gave his  landscape such life, almost paling in comparison to the grand events and  environment sweeping around them page after page.  They seemed less human  than pawns of fate, even Paul with all his power; perhaps that is Herbert's  point, but not one I felt it was necessary to sacrifice character quality  to prove.  <br />The greatest flaw of the work was my lack of belief, in both  the characters and events.  I believe the greatest sign of a work to be the  level in which one can relate, or even believe in the reality, the truth  which the author presents.  I felt incredibly distant from the events I  read, unable to suspend my disbelief even momentarily.  I felt that the  story was repetitive, cycling within the same limited confines, and even  the the magnitude of the ending did not seem a release.  Although the end  of the novel is a far cry from what the reader could imagine at the  beginning, the story lacked a quality that made me believe.  I gave it four  stars only because of the quality of the author's writing, and because I  can see the potential effect of such a work for other readers even if I am  unable to experience it myself.<br />Perhaps I should temper mycritique with  a confession, however.  When this book was recommended to me, it was  compared to Tolkien's Lord of the Rings trilogy.  I read it in anticipation  of what I had read and so enjoyed in Tolkien's work, only to be  disappointed when I realized that it was nothing similar.  Perhaps had I  read it without any preconceptions, I would be able to appreciate Herbert's  work on its own merits.  Unfortunately, I found myself comparing it to the  fantasy trilogy, resulting in the review you read above.  I am more a  fantasy-fiction lover than one of science fiction, which gives me a  definite bias.  If you like science fiction then by all means, I highly  recommend this book as one of the watersheds of modern science fiction.
B00002ZMNV|5.0|I've just got my own copy of this version of this taped concet, I have to say it's better than the VHS, for obvious reasons the bonus part is good, is the same as the one in the different versions of the No Leaf Clover  singles, and the special VHS edition. But it sounds much better and it  looks a lot different. I am a little dissappointed on the angles since it's  only for 2 songs, one on each CD and there is no 32 page booklet. If you  like or you are coriuos about how the songs sound only orchestrated, it is  a verey strange but good expirience. But for what it's worth it is greta  since it is a DVD and made just right.
B000009QPG|3.0|The songs on here are for people who are not avid thrashers, but like heavy music.  Slayer fans listening to this will always have the nagging thought in the back of their mind that they should be playing this FASTER.   South of Heaven worked.  This didnt quite work - AND PLEASE WILL KELLY  WHATS HER NAME ('I LOOK FOR PASSION') STOP REVIEWING SLAYER ALBUMS IF YOU  DONT LIKE SLAYER
B00004TL21|5.0|the only word for this album is acheivment out of all of the deftones albums i think this one is going to be known to almost everybody who has listened to it as the best album of 2000 white pony has the style of there  past albums and even more now that they have a new member and chino sings  along with tools vocalist. if you bought this album today it would be in  your favorites for years to come.
B000009QPE|5.0|Now that I have stopped laughing after reading Korn comparisons, lets get a few things clear.<br />If you are a new Metallica fan, or a 10 year old metaller (ie you like Korn, Limp Bizkit and Britney Spears) - STAY AWAY,  this is too much for your tiny little brain to cope with.<br />However, if,  like me, you think that Metallica's last good album was '...And justice for  all' get this and laugh at the above mentioned when Korn are no more in 2  years time
B000002H2H|5.0|After Dave Mustaine left Metallica, they were in a frenzy. If you take a good hard listen, you'll be able to notice it. This album was definitly rushed.                                                    However, fate  was on their side...<br />      Some say a good adrenaline rush can be  benefitial, and this is proof. The band didn't have time to touch up the  songs. Therefore leaving them raw and in as-is condition. The end result, a  rollercoaster of angst-ridden metal that cannot be emulated. Not even by  the band itself.
B000000WG4|3.0|I challenge anyone to sit alone in your house, turn off the lights, and listen to the opening five minutes of Tubular Bells. If you survive that, then, uh, you're pretty brave. I've heard this was used as background music  for an exhibit at the Boston Museum of Science. I can't imagine listening  to this while pondering some rotating balls or something. I'd be looking  over my shoulder, expecting to see some grinning weirdo ducking around a  corner. Or maybe something CRAWLING around the corner. Never mind. Buy this  one for the kaleidoscopic first half. I love the way Oldfield paints with  his guitar, instead of strangling it in the usual rock fashion. The second  half is the same broth, but with half the meat.
0800128052|5.0|This is the most important game of your lives.  That's what this gem of a film is really all about.  Those words are uttered by 'Dan Devine' the former football coach of the Notre Dame Fightiing Irish football  team.<br />Non football enthusiasts have asked me about Rudy and I always tell  them that Rudy is not about football.  Football is just the backdrop.  A  setting.  It (football) really can be described, in this context, as a  metaphor for the game of life.  Hence the no excuses line.  <br />It doesn't  matter if your outclassed.  What does matter is do you have the faith,  persistence, and heart to really go the distance?  And perhaps even more  importantly is the question of visualization.  That is to say that whatever  you can realistically picture in your mind will ultimately become manifest  in reality.<br />All that aside, Rudy is a film about guts and about following  your own voice even when circumstance and popular opinion are against you.   And even more so about the price paid for doing so.<br />If you can watch this  film without welling up inside then you've probably never really faced  adversity or endeavored to overcome.<br />NOT TO BE MISSED.
B000000WG4|3.0|I challenge anyone to sit alone in your house, turn off the lights, and listen to the opening five minutes of Tubular Bells. If you survive that, then, uh, you're pretty brave. I've heard this was used as background music  for an exhibit at the Boston Museum of Science. I can't imagine listening  to this while pondering some rotating balls or something. I'd be looking  over my shoulder, expecting to see some grinning weirdo ducking around a  corner. Or maybe something CRAWLING around the corner. Never mind. Buy this  one for the kaleidoscopic first half. I love the way Oldfield paints with  his guitar, instead of strangling it in the usual rock fashion. The second  half is the same broth, but with half the meat.
0679745203|5.0|Desipte Minghella's focus on the romance of the English patient, this book is not a mere tale of doomed love (presented as gorgeous as possible however on the big screen, thus leading most of us astray). Ondaatje  intended a lurid story of identities, so many different identities of  utterly uncrossable lives that come fusing into one rhapsody.  This tune is  so soulful and the rapport between the 4 main undertones is truly amazing.   Yes, in a way, these undertones lose their distinctions as they are weaved  in the burned patient's story in the deserted villa on the Italian front,  during WWII Nazi's retreat. <br />Count Almasy is the burned patient--faceless  and nameless, for whom the emotionally scarred nurse Hana stays behind. He  recalls details w/ such alacrity and recite senses w/ such keenness, the  young Canadian nurse immediately finds herself enamored with this  &quot;ghost&quot;. Hana herself lost her father in the war, what she holds  as protection against the acidity of warfare remains the English patient,  who remembers much yet refuses to accept any. Shortly after, joining them  is a maimed thief, Caravaggio, an enigma during the war working as a spy  for the allies.  He is in possession of one piece of clue to the English  patient's identity, and he is desperate enough for that identity b/c much  of his own remaining dignity and hope have long intertwined with the burned  man's past. Last of all, the supposedly strongest vibe in the blues tune  creeps warily into the villa--Kip, a Sikh sapper with Ondaatje's alienation  in the white man's world all over his skin.  <br />The romance between Kip and  Hana seems inevitable, but their youthful affection has none of the  realistic ownership overwhelmingly expressed between Almasy and his lover,  Katherine Clifton, a married woman that took his face away from him.  Ownership, more than anything else, keeps Almasy's desert romance alive,  the blinding flame of its passion and its ignorance during rapid  colonization. Almasy, a linguist and explorer, sees the world as one  preserved mural; in some way, he sees love the same way--as pristine as the  uncharted desert of North Africa.  Love may have long been conquered as  nomads roamed the desert, its devious curves remain charted and mapped and  grasped.  He seeks out the shortcuts and wakes his proud soul with a  possessive force. What dooms his love?  His sense of the world, or rather  his lack of it?  Love is multifaceted, and the forbidden territory is  divided, much like the &quot;civilized&quot; world. <br />Civilization has  instigated much progress and much enlightenment.  But to these 4 shattered  souls, humanity is nothing but enlightened by the tremendous darkness of  the human mind.  The mind that is so eager to conquer and to suppress and  to differentiate.  The primal alienation comes from Kip, and as he  befriends a man who may have compromised the lives of allied soldiers for a  simple promise, he himself fades away into the night with the woman he  knows he can never have.  Caravaggio's injury of the hands symbolize  humanity crippled by warfare, and as he even grows weary of morphine, as  much as Truth, he comes to see Almasy's decisions judgments made not for  any country, but overlooking all nationhood.  <br />Poet writer Michael  Ondaatje deserves all the recognition this book has brought him.  There has  rarely been such tender force behind a modern writer's pen-nonchalant on  the surface, but pounding at the core of truth.  And truly, seldom have I  been so moved and touched by plain words weaved together with naivety, yet  such rhythm! This is not a novel of anguish, or of anti-war  sentimentalities; it simply records lives, so many different lives existing  in parallel universes of humanity, looking over for intersections that  never come.
0767903854|2.0|After much anticipation, I was disappointed at the flippant tone of this book.  As an expat Australian living in the US I devour any books about Australia.  There are several inaccuracies - sentences that appeared to be  tossed off for effect rather than content.  I agree with the previous  reviewer - a quick best seller for the author, without much input.
0393317552|5.0|The author of this book does an excellent job of creating a unified story for the rise of human civilizations.  I have never seen a more complete explanation of the differences between human civilizations and the reasons  for their growth and expansion.  The book's world focus and use of non  western cultures adds to the impression that this book is about all of  civilization.<br />I recommended this book to several folks.  Some found it a  bit academic and detail oriented.  That was a suprise because I found it to  be a good story.  But then I'm interested in some of the details  covered.<br />The title of this book is a bit misleading and probably reduces  the number of people interested in it.  The author should have come up with  something more to the core of the story.
6305892806|5.0|I, similar to other theatre goers, had heard varied reviews of this movie before viewing it myself.  It had been labled feminist and highly interpretive among other, less flattering comments, but upon seeing it  myself, I discovered the film to be innovative, clever, and over all  charming.  The director of the piece felt that Fanny, while being a very  strong character, could have been stronger without being vulgar.  Miss  Price played on the screen as a independent female figure, much to the  original intention of Ms. Austen.  I feel that the film is an accurate  depiction of what the author would have written if she were alive in this  day and age.  Over all, a beautiful movie and one well worth the time and  effort if not quite the one hundred and three dollars.
0812589041|5.0|This is a scifi novel that crosses the borders of the genre - I'm so pleased that it is about to be released in the movie version, which means more readers will discover this terrific book.  Ender is a character that  readers will cheer for with all their heart and soul.  I believe that this  book has two endings.  The first is a heartstopping, action-filled  surprise.  But the second, and final, ending is a message that asks the  reader to rethink what is the importance of being a member of the human  race.  In recent years, this novel has been included in the reading  curriculum of high schools.  I applaud those teachers who are exposing  their students to this novel that poses such important questions and ideas.   I also believe that it is a must-read for any student who has been tagged  as gifted.  On another level, this is darned exciting reading!
0553296981|4.0|This book was wonderful.  You could only think of what could have been of Anne Frank.  She could have been a good writer.
B00004SCX6|4.0|I liked most of the songs on the album. My favorite's were &quot;Stronger&quot; and &quot;Lucky&quot;. Most of the people that gave this album one star can't even spell, so maybe you should study instead of  thinking of what mean to write as a review. And not everyon who likes pop  music is girly because most of them like rock and rap too. And it's really  stupid to do that Oops!...somethingthing.
0380018179|5.0|When my mother held out her favorite book with pride, all I could think was &quot;That thing must weigh about as much as I do!&quot; However, the 560 pages of this phenomenal novel fly by as the reader becomes engrossed  in the lives of the realistic characters. McCullough demonstrates  incredible talent by focusing on so many main characters and developing  them as in depth as she does. The reader literally becomes absorbed in the  lives of Meggie, Ralph, Paddy, Fee, Luke, Bob, Frank, Jack, Stu, Jims,  Patsy, Dane, Justine, and Rain. Although this may sound intimidating to  someone who has never read the book, it is easy to follow. I think people  become absorbed in this book because they can relate to it. We all have to  struggle for the price of happiness. McCullough says it best...&quot; The  bird with the thorn in its breast, it follows an immutable law; it is  driven by it knows not what to impale itself, and die singing. At the very  instant the thorn enters there is no awareness in it of the dying to come;  it simply sings and sings until there is not the life left to utter another  note. But we, when we put the thorns in our breasts, we know. We  understand. And still we do it. Still we do it.&quot; This novel will  definitely give the reader a fresh perspective on what drives humans in  their lives.
0375703764|4.0|This is quite possibly the scariest book I have ever read. There is definitely no need for visuals here, your own imagination will be enough. I am actually starting to fear my closets.
B000001Y5D|2.0|This is definitely a one-song CD. The remarkable &quot;What's Up&quot; is a catchy tune with good lyrics, a killer hook, and great vocals, but the rest of the collection is barely above garage band quality. How, in only 11  songs, did they manage to include every tired rock cliche you could think  of? It all seems to have been hastily put together, perhaps rushed out to  take advantage of the popularity of &quot;What's Up.&quot; Even the liner  notes look thrown together--cheap graphics, without even a picture of the  band. This group might have a future, but they need a little more rehearsal  time.
B00003CXDV|4.0|SPACEBALLS was a terrific goof on sci-fi movies.  GALAXY QUEST takes it a step further by not only parodying sci-fi TV shows but the obbsessive fans and cult stardom that usually follows not to mention the relationships of  the cast members and how sometimes more often or not, their careers can  fizzle after the show.  In the film, &quot;Galaxy Quest&quot; was a popular  early 80's Sci-Fi space adventure show much like Star Trek that was also  cancelled despite high popularity.  Years later the wash-up actors who  starred in the show make their money by making corny public appearances and  attending endless conventions all the time signing hundreds of autographs  to loving fans and being shoved out of the spotlight by the shows hero and  glory hog played by Tim Allen.  Meanwhile a group of aliens called  Thermians have been watching for many years the show &quot;Galaxy  Quest&quot; and have mistaken it for &quot;Hisotrical Documents&quot; of  famous space heroes.  Fashioning their culture and technology after that of  the show they ask the actors for help in vanquishing a vile space alien  named Sariss.  With no choice but to help the Thermians and as a way to  kill the insane tedium that has become their life, the actors all  &quot;beam aboard&quot; and do their best against Sariss despite the fact  that none of them have a clue what they are doing or have any idea what  they have gotten themselves into.  There are a lot of funny parts in the  film such as where the crew try to work the ships transportaion device on  Tim Allen's character, or Alan Rickman's performance as one of the actors  who hates what his life has become-saying the same stupid catchphrase and  donning his old makeup over and over again at conventions.  To end, GALAXY  QUEST is a fun Sci-Fi movie as well as a great comedy and parody movie  rolled into an entertaining package.
6300214184|5.0|If you are feeling low, watch this movie.  It will leave you feeling terrific. I wish it was available on DVD, I would purchase it again. It is also a very SEXY movie but done it good taste. Flashdance is so much better  than Dirty Dancing.
630575067X|5.0|Ok, Ok, Ok..... you've heard all of the hype - you've seen the commercials - you've heard the critics, so nothing I state here could pursuade you either way, but I feel that as much as I have watched Episodes 4, 5 &amp; 6  that I should throw in my 2 cents worth.<br />First of all, watching Episode 1  for the first time took a little adapting from the future episodes. George  Lucus had to start from the beginning, and so did we. Unfortunately, if you  are not a fan of the original trilogy, you will never truly feel the impact  of this episode in connection with the future of this series. For a  first-time Star Wars experience, it is a good movie, but won't make a lot  of sense.  Only seasoned Star Wars fans will understand the true  significance of this episode and how it relates to the original  trilogy.<br />Having seen the trilogy nearly 50 times each throughout my  teenage and adult life, I can truly appreciate Episode 1 for everything  that it is and for what it is setting up for episodes 2 &amp; 3. And I  eagerly await episodes 2 &amp; 3.<br />(Besides.... The Dual of the Fates is  BY FAR the best light saber dual in all the trilogy combined! )<br />I have a  feeling that Episode 2 (now in production - yipee! ) or perhaps Episode 3  may center around the era of the Clone Wars, mentioned in Episode 4.  Starwars.com says they will not have the official 'title' for Episode 2  until it is near completion. Who knows... it may be Episode 2: The Clone  Wars.<br />The bottom line.... this is by far one of the best Sci-Fi movies  you could have add to your collection. But if you're going to add this one,  you might as well add the Star Wars Trilogy to it as well.  Well done,  George Lucus!  I eagerly await Episodes 2 &amp; 3.<br />(Oh! Let's not forget  about the awesome Soundtrack! George Lucus and John Williams together  again.... an UNBEATABLE combo!)
6305627347|5.0|At first I have to say that I have not been a fan of &quot;South Park&quot; but after having watched the movie in a sneak preview I had to correct my thoughts about the show. This movie was and maybe still is the  most violent, sexistic, obscene and disgusting stuff I have ever seen. Or,  in other words, I just loved it. I had to laugh until tears were running  over my face and I have to tell anyone out there just one thing: BUY THIS  FEATURE!
B000002LMM|5.0|if ever you wanted to relax, listen to twin peaks.  the music is mysterious, yet beautiful. i was addicted to the show while it was on the air and now that i only have the re runs to look forward to, i listen to  the soundtrack.  the music allows me to remember certain scenes and how the  characters felt in the show.  what can i say, i'm a twin peaks junkie!
B00003CWLE|5.0|I have seen all of the movies based on this story and this is my favorite.  The costumes, the scenery, and the acting was brilliant!  The chemistry between Jodie Foster and Chow Yun-Fat was definitely there.  This is what I  enjoyed the most.  Though there was no physical relationship between the  two, they loved each other immensely and respected each other.  But, this  isn't just a love story, this has a little bit of war in it and a horrible  punishment of betrayal.  The ending also made me cry..... it was so moving!  I can't wait for the DVD to come out!
B000002J1L|5.0|I have been a Genesis fan for 25 years.  (I know, that's a long time.  But the good news is I actually SAW the Lamb Tour.)  Anyway, Cryme thru Lamb has stood the test of time for me over Yes, Floyd, ELP and Tull (all of  whom I still deeply respect).  And of course we can all talk about our  favorite album or song.  But I will offer this to you fans and most  especially to you, the reader, wondering about which Genesis album to buy  -- THE GENESIS SOUND is laid out on this album -- deliciously, completely,  freshly.  If you want to understand at a primal level &quot;what is  Genesis?&quot; then listen.  This is like Venus emerging from the  half-shell, like Adam naming each of the world's living creatures.  Each of  the three albums that followed raised higher towers, but they all rise from  this crag of raw imagination.  Five lads walking for the first time in a  world of dreams.
630587493X|5.0|I heard this movie wasn't that great and I missed seeing it on the big-screen....what a mistake I made!  Now I wish I would have seen it at the movies when I had the chance.  The movie was brilliant.  The scenery,  the acting, and the story (which spans through 200 years), was very  inspiring.  Robin Williams did a great job in this movie.  The character  development and the makeup was brilliant also.  They really showed the  aging of all the characters very well.  Please, watch this movie!  You  won't regret it!
0767020308|5.0|I am new to Jane Austen and am collecting all I can find relating to this wonderful writer.  This adaption of Emma is much better than the Gwyneth Paltrow movie.  I had read so many different reviews, I wasn't sure what to  expect, but A&amp;E made the novel come alive for me.  You won't be  disappointed.
B000002UA9|5.0|This is about as basic as Rock and Roll gets.  These were the early and fun days of Rock.  Bands like The Beatles and The Rolling Stones covered the songs of their Blues And R&amp;B heroes from The States.  These songs  carried them through tours of their homeland and some European locales.  In  the case of John Lennon and Paul McCartney, there was an ace up their  sleeves:  great songwriting.  Of the eight songs here that bear their  imprint, five are considered classics by any measuring stick:  &quot;I Saw  Her Standing There,&quot; &quot;Please Please Me,&quot; &quot;Love Me  Do,&quot; &quot;P.S. I Love You,&quot; and &quot;Do You Want To Know A  Secret.&quot;  Considering the impact of these songs, the big upset would  have been had this duo NOT reinvented the classic rock songbook. It is also  easy to see that the American girl group sound was a big influence on The  Beatles.  They did male versions of three girl group classics on this  album, and it would not be the last time they mined this source for  material. In<br />addition are well-known covers of Arthur Alexander's  &quot;Anna&quot; and the Isley Brothers' hit, &quot;Twist And Shout.&quot;  You won't find any message songs here.  These Beatles were young, having a  good time, and looking for an even better one!  The fast numbers here can  still jumpstart any Rock And Roll party, even after all these years.  My  only complaint about this album, and all the other CD releases of The  Beatles'early albums, is that more music could have been included.  It  would have been easy to add &quot;From Me To You&quot; and &quot;Thank You  Girl&quot; to this CD as bonus tracks.  I know some of you purists will say  it's better to issue the albums as The Beatles might have intended.  But a  couple of albums titled &quot;Meet The Beatles&quot; and &quot;Introducing  The Beatles&quot; managed to hold down the top two slots in the U.S. lp  charts for most of 1964, though their content varied from the U.K. releases  &quot;Please Please Me&quot; and &quot;With The Beatles.&quot;  So there is  precedent.  The Beatles showed they were here to stay with this winning  first lp effort.  And they would never be so young, so innocent, so  unpretentious, and so much fun, ever again.ot;Please Please Me&quot; and &quot;With The Beatles.&quot;  So there is  precedent.  The Beatles showed they were here to stay with this winning  first lp effort.  And they would never be so young, so innocent, so  unpretentious, and so much fun, ever again.
B00004U8PA|5.0|This is the only tim curry movie that upstages &quot;clue&quot; (maybe IT) but strictly speaking of comedy...... RHPS has become of course a cult legend.....what a following it has. In just about every major city around  the country and probably around the world you can find a live performance  of this movie. the costumes....simply divine. you'll scream when the  elevator rises up and there is frank-n-furter all decked out in a green  medical gown with huge pearl necklace...... Witty comedy, great soundtrack,  wonderful dialogue and facial expressions from the entire cast. Little Nell  is simply fabulous in that sequened outfit, and the tapdance...priceless...  If you are fan of the movie, own it for a lifetime on DVD.
B00003CWQ2|4.0|This movie is very strange. It had a very wierd start.  But once he(Edward Norton) met Tyler(Brad Pitt) the story started to pick up and get more interesting.  If you don't mind violence and a wierd story this movie is  filled with great actors and some good plot twists.  I recommend it to  anybody.
B000001F7R|5.0|This is a young Def Leppard and strange album,but what an album! Yes,this is a strange album for Def Leppard and some fans because voice,style and energy so different.In this album,you don't find any radio hits or  &quot;Def Leppard Hits&quot;,you find fun,energy and fast songs.    All in  all,if you want to hear different Def Leppard and live this supergroup's  old days,please give a chance this one.    Regards.
B00004SCX6|5.0|i really like this album! i especially like the song Lucky and of course Oops..i did it again!  it has mostly really good songs!  i usually am not a big fan of Britney Spears but after listning to my sister's cd i just had to go out and get my own! Good Work Britney!  this one is definitley NOT  and &quot;Oops!&quot;
6305364613|5.0|Wow! I hadn't seen anything about Romeo and Juliet since freshman year of high school. I have always loved this tragic play. The movie just brought it all back to life for me. It is really a creative way to think about  Romeo and Juliet. My favorite scene has to be the &quot;aquarium  scene&quot;--like out of a fairy tale or something. Also, it was actually  the second (the first being Basketball Diaries)movie I saw with Leonardo  DiCaprio...I was really impressed...what a contrast, huh? I have loved  Claire Danes since My So-Called Life. I would tell anyone to buy  this...Before Titanic, it was the movie that I rented ALL THE TIME! :o) I  found myself always saying: (He)speaks...Oh, speak again bright angel! Buy  this movie...you will not regret it.
B00004TL21|5.0|This is what I have been waiting for.  They really got to me through the lyrics on this CD.  I recomend this CD to anyone who listens to the music to buy this now.
B00004RFFU|4.0|I saw most of the movie before reading the book, and I thought it was really good. I still think it's good, but then I went and read the book. The book is much better, but then again, that's very common. I still love  this movie (and Tom Cruise, Brad Pitt, ect.), so I say get the movie, the  acting is good as well as most everything else. It's worth it.
B000002J09|5.0|THIS IS A CLASSIC MASTERPIECE.THERE ARN`T MANY BETTER CD`S OUT THERE.THIS HAS THE ALLTIME CLASSIC STAIRWAY TO HEAVEN ON IT.BUT THERE`S ALOT MORE,WITH HITS LIKE WHEN THE LEVEE BREAKS AND MY FAVORITE SONG GOING TO  CALIFORNIA.THIS HAS BEEN REMASTERED AND SOUND SO MUCH BETTER THAN THE  ORIGINAL CD THAT THE RECORD COMPANY PUT OUT.THIS WAS RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE OF  LED ZEPPELIN`S CREATIVE PEAK.THIS IS A MUST HAVE FOR ANY ZEP FAN OR A FAN  OF GREAT ROCK MUSIC.
6305750750|5.0|Most of the movie was really good, except I think they could have done a better job on casting the young Anakin. It kinda takes some of the &quot;magic&quot; I guess out of the movie when one of the actors isn't  very good. But it's still a great movie, none the less.
B00004RFFU|4.0|I have never read any of Anne Rice's books, but I did like thos movie.  Kirsten Durst gave a fabulous performance as Claudia the young vampire who would be forever that way.  Her wicked, sadistic urge to kill was  beautifully portrayed with her character.  Tom Cruise was fantastic as  Lestat the insane vampire whom transforms Brad Pitt and Dunst into  vampires.  I am not really a fan of Brad Pitt's, However, I did like the  way he developed his character, Louie.  This movie was dark and mysterious  and portrayed vampires as beautiful, powerful creatures.  This movies was  very good and very worth owning....
B00000J7J4|5.0|I buy a lot of music (probably much more than my budget will allow, unfortunately), and every few years, there comes along an album that I give  the above title to.  Previously, it was Sarah McLachlan's &quot;Fumbling  Towards Ecstasy,&quot; another incredible work.  Currently, though, it's  this Santana Album.  I've recommended it to everyone I know, and everyone  that's bought it has thanked me profusely for the recommendation.  There is  an incredible variety of musical styles here, from pop to harder rock to  latin flavored numbers, but the one thing that ties it all together is  Carlos Santana's incredibly beautiful guitar playing.  Of all the great  guitarists out there, in my mind, no one can play as beautifully and  melodically as Carlos can, and he shines on this album.  As I like to joke  to my friends, I'd give my left arm to play guitar like him! :-)  But  seriously, I could list the stellar tracks on the album, but instead of me  typing in the entire set list, just look up the page some :-).  Almost all  the tracks are superb; i just didn't get into the collaboration with Lauryn  Hill.  The track with Everlast is simply incredible; Carlos'  sometimes-fiery sometimes-soulful work over Everlast's acoustic playing  take the song to incredible heights.  Overall, an incredible album from an  simply magnificent guitar virtuoso.
B000020617|2.0|There Is Nothing Left To Lose is an appropriate title for this CD because obvioulsy the Foo Fighters lost everything before they wrote the CD.  They now are falling into trends of other bands as well as repeating there first  two CDs. They play what seems to be the same song for all 11 songs.
630588255X|5.0|I've only seen this movie once or twice about ten years ago, but I have never forgotten it. I never found it my local video store, but now that is't on DVD I can't wait til it arrives in the mail. I would recommend this  movie to anybody into offbeat, darkly humorous  movies
B00000294R|5.0|WHAT A CD PERFECT GREAT PRODUCTION GREAT LYRICS MAN I LOVE THIS CD I SUGGEST ALL OF YOU WHO DONT HAVE IT GET IT NOW
B00004TL21|3.0|the deftones have changed their approach to their music.  gone is the raw angst that was force behind &quot;adrenaline&quot;. they still put a lot of emotion into the songs, it is just a more mellow emotion.  I'm still  listening, hoping the albumn grows on me.  GET THE LIMITED EDITION  ENHANCED CD (if you can).  put into your computer's CD-Rom drive and check  out the &quot;joystick&quot; game!
B00004TL21|4.0|At my first listen of the new Deftones disc, I didn't know what to make of it. After a few more listens, the CD grows on you. If you're a fan of the old deftones material, this might scare you away. I heard the rumors about  how the addition of a new DJ would alter the bands sound, and they're true.  Theres a LOT more of a techno/electronic influence on this CD. It's very  trippy. Don't get me wrong, I like this CD. It's just very different. If  you want something fresh in the vein of Old deftones material, check out  GLASSJAW..a great new band i happen to come across. But either way, keep an  open mind. this disc will grow on you.
0679746048|5.0|Gosh i must have read this book in one day i mean its just such an original and well put book about Susanna Kaysen and what she went through in an mental institution. Its just a fascinatng book i really couldnt put  it down i just really ate it up. I mean the way Susanna captures the  institution and all her friends is really put in a way that i cant really  describe. Its just a wonderful book and also the movie is pretty good too.
B00004SCX6|4.0|I liked her CD more than her first one (but her first one was still good!) oops!... i did it again is a upbeat song that makes me want to dance... my other favorite's are Lucky, and One kiss from you. both of these were good  songs and i think she did a good job... i liked this a lot and i think  everyone should listen to Britney.
0060977493|5.0|I feel as if I've just climbed out from inside a kaleidoscope.  The color, plot patterns, time warps, swirling images, and quickly changing emotions created by Arundhati Roy leave the reader-survivor utterly spent.  A  magical, but finely crafted, novel which will sweep you up and tumble you  into new views of life,love, family, and fate.
B000002MJC|5.0|While the previous chart-topper &quot;Violator&quot; was released in 1990, and as great as the music on that album is, it was still very much in the confines of what Depeche Mode sounded like in the '80's. Let's face it, the  whole of the album was written and mostly recorded in '89, so it was for  all intents and purposes an '80's DM album. And so I tend to think of this  gem of an album &quot;Songs of Faith and Devotion&quot; to be the true  sound of Depeche Mode in the '90's. The music takes on a completely new  turn this time around, adding live drums courtesy of Alan Wilder (who  really shines on this album) and incorporating more guitars than any past  DM album (and yes, there were guitars on &quot;Construction Time  Again,&quot; &quot;Black Celebration,&quot; &quot;Music for the  Masses,&quot; and &quot;Violator&quot;). Martin Gore's songs take on a new  level of maturity and David Gahan's vocals are aggressive and raw (his  voice actually sounded deeper and more punchy on this record). Overall, I'd  have to say that it is less ambient than the follow-up album  &quot;Ultra,&quot; but it is no less powerful or atmospheric. It's also the  album that marked the farewell of Alan Wilder, who left after the  subsequent 18 month tour (dunno what they were thinking taking on that kind  of pressure). Now on to the songs...<br />-&quot;I Feel You&quot;: the first  single that kicks off the album with that famous tire-screeching sound is  reminiscent of &quot;Personal Jesus,&quot; only slower and much more sexual  lyrically. Here we have the first indication of Gahan's voice adopting a  grunge element, which only adds to the force of the song.<br />-&quot;Walking  in My Shoes&quot;: a beautiful song that leads up to a powerful climax that  fades out to Gore's sliding guitar and a series of synth-string backdrops.  Some of the best lyrics on the album are in this song alone. &quot;Now I'm  not looking for absolution/forgiveness for the things I do/but before you  come toany conclusion/try walking in my shoes.&quot; Great  stuff!<br />-&quot;Condemnation&quot;: it took me some time to get used to the  gospel nature of this song, but I do have to say that Gahan's vocals are  truly impressive here.<br />-&quot;Mercy in You&quot;: to me, this is the most  underrated song on the album. This song is like &quot;Halo&quot; was for  &quot;Violator&quot;...it would've been a great  single.<br />-&quot;Judas&quot;: another gospel inspired song that could  actually bring tears to the eyes if you're not careful.<br />-&quot;In Your  Room&quot;: while the single &quot;Zephyr Mix&quot; is closer to the grunge  persona people assumed the album had taken with &quot;I Feel You,&quot;  this version is far more atmospheric and all the more incredible. With a  pulsing bassline that reminds the listener of &quot;Clean&quot; from  &quot;Violator,&quot; the slow buildup to a gut-wrenching climax is darkly  erotic and beautiful.<br />-&quot;Get Right With Me&quot;: if any song on the  album was a throwaway, this one should've been it. Not that it's a bad  song, but it does little to contribute to the lyrical message delivered by  the album as a whole. The B-side track &quot;My Joy&quot; from the  &quot;Walking in My Shoes&quot; single could've been in place here, but  alas...a great song saved for a B-side. And in its place, a mediocre gospel  song...it's alright thought. Listen for the interlude which is a brief  excerpt from a Brian Eno mix of &quot;I Feel  You.&quot;<br />-&quot;Rush&quot;: now THIS is a techno song! This is my  second favorite song on the album. Straightforward, aggressive, edgy, with  a pulsing techno rhythm and an ambient mix of guitars and synthesizers make  this something of a concert showcase!<br />-&quot;One Caress&quot;: apparently  Gore's only lead vocal on the album, sung amidst a string quartet. A  beautiful song that pretty much fits in with other songs Gore has sung in  the past, from &quot;World Full of Nothing&quot; to &quot;I Want You  Now.&quot;<br />-&quot;Higher Love&quot;: nothing special about this song.  After listening to the rest of the album, this one just fits in with the  new formula DM had adopted musically, and that just makes it a good song to  close the album. Although I wouldn't recommend it as an encore to close out  a concert with.<br />Much controvery has surrounded this album, from the 18  month &quot;Devotional&quot; tour that followed, to Gahan's much publicized  heroin addiction, to Andrew Fletcher's nervous breakdown, to Wilder's  departure. However, there's no such thing as bad publicity, and ironic as  it may seem that so bad a situation was surrounded so successful and so  brilliant an album, it only helps add to the ambience of emotion in  listening to this album. &quot;Songs of Faith and Devotion&quot; is for DM  what &quot;Achtung Baby&quot; was for U2. A chancy yet successful change of  direction towards musical excellence. A great album!
B00002DEIX|4.0|Considering that this is the very first Joshua Redman CD I own, I must say I was impressed with it since it kept to the traditional hardcore sort of Jazz music that seems to miss many of the recent artists.<br />I enjoyed it (and continue to enjoy it)very much and it serves as an album that you  listen to in wuite moments when you reflect and use use Jazz as your  &quot;mind relaxing&quot; sound.
B000002L9M|5.0|This is the album that truly showed Depeche Mode coming into their own as an important band that would not let themselves be ignored. Before &quot;Black Celebration,&quot; they enjoyed a following as strong as that  of other new wave bands and synthpop bands at the time, though DM always  defied the genre by writer darker and more musical songs. And with this,  Martin Gore's songwriting pays off in a celebratory gothic fetish. David  Gahan's vocals shine as well as on any DM album, the clever incorporation  of sampling, and great songs overall.<br />-&quot;Black Celebration&quot;: the  title track is a wonderful festive mood piece that is my favorite to sing  along to (I'm not embarassed to admit that I had to sing it in my high  school talent show). One of their greatest songs ever.<br />-&quot;Fly on the  Windscreen-Final&quot;: the song begins beautifully on the heels of the  first track, and is wrought with dark energy that dares the listener to  keep dancing.<br />-&quot;A Question of Lust&quot;: it's almost obligatory for  a DM album to have a ballad, and as such it is Gore's job to be the one to  sing it. And he does a beautiful job with this second  single.<br />-&quot;Sometimes&quot;: well, this one's a filler, and probably  Gore's residuals from writing &quot;Somebody&quot; from the previous album.  It's not much different, but the echoing vocal effect is almost  eerie.<br />-&quot;It Doesn't Matter II&quot;: bearing little similarity to  &quot;It Doesn't Matter&quot; from the previous album, this can be heralded  as yet another filler, though the use of choir samples (not polyphonic, but  each note sung individually) gives the song a dreadful  foreboding.<br />-&quot;A Question of Time&quot;: not my favorite song on the  album, but the lyrics are wonderful. Gore's obssession with innocence and  youth (pertaining to very subtle undertones of sexual tension) are always a  welcome highlight on any DM album.<br />-&quot;Stripped&quot;: the classic  first single, dreadfully covered by god knows how many bands (including the  hideously deformed version by German heavy metal/industrial band  Rammstein). The motorcycle sample used to create a rhythm track is  impressive and ingenius, and as said...the song is just  classic.<br />-&quot;Here is the House&quot;: a simple song, but it grows on  you. Certainly less of a filler than &quot;Sometimes&quot; and &quot;It  Doesn't Matter II.&quot;<br />-&quot;World Full of Nothing&quot;: how sweet  this song is. This is something a couple can sway dance to. A very soothing  and lovely song.<br />-&quot;Dressed in Black&quot;: no percussion? Okay, it  worked. This song is actually eerie as it brings to mind images of faceless  dancers in gothic tangos (the best way I know how to describe the weird  images this song gave me...though the lyrics don't suggest any of  it).<br />-&quot;A New Dress&quot;: say what you will, I love this song. The  pulsing bassline, the eerie vocals, brilliant if dated lyrics, and closing  with the acoustic guitar riff that opened  &quot;Stripped.&quot;<br />-&quot;But Not Tonight&quot;: apparently this was a  B-side bonus track...can't see why it would be only a B-side, and I'm glad  it's on the album now. It's a great upbeat song that closes the album  remarkably on a high note, in spite of the macabre nature of the rest of  the album. Great lyrics too, naturally.<br />My one complaint about this album  is that including the two fillers, this album has far too many ballads. Not  that it's a bad thing, just the fact that two out of four of them were  totally unnecessary. But, even Martin Gore can fall short of the musical  path, if only briefly. And thank god, becuase this album just puts me in a  state of bliss. I can see myself dancing to this music in a dark gothc club  amidst cloves and incense and purple, green, and black strobe lights. Great  music!
0784010188|5.0|Those three letters basicly tell it all. I was extreamly impressed by the movie. It is my favorite [next to the Matrix].  The action never stops, and the specail efects are enough to leave you begging for more.  I have  seen this movie at least nine times and I still havent gotten bored of it.  If you have not seen it this is a MUST-HAVE movie.  DVD makes it all the  more better with the original letter-box veiw.  There is also no way they  could have made this movie without Schwarzennagger. He is the perfect pick  for the terminator.  The suspence, the action, and the special effects  makes this a must see, have, and brag-about movie.
B000002LK1|5.0|If ever there was a Depeche Mode album that brought the listener to a state of bliss, this would be it. The album that established DM's credibility as a band that would not fade away. With this album, they  entered the '90's at the top, where they would continue to stay in the  hearts of listeners throughout the decade. The 9 songs on this album are  all typical of Martin Gore's unique writing style...beautiful, dark, and  provocative. Six of nine songs were made into videos (mainly because two of  the songs didn't make it to single at the last minute), and they certainly  were the best six, but that still says a lot about the other three (not  including the two hidden interlude tracks). Every song shines on its own,  and leads into the next brilliantly...<br />-&quot;World in My Eyes&quot;: a  great album opener, with lyrics that almost foretell of the journey the  album will take the listener upon. Notable is that the Cure covered this  song for the &quot;For the Masses&quot; tribute album, and while only the  fourth single, it certainly is a song worthy of praise.<br />-&quot;Sweetest  Perfection&quot;: the first clear indication of Gore's minimalist yet  ambient guitar playing. Gore also takes on the lead vocals for this song as  well.<br />-&quot;Personal Jesus&quot;: Gore always states Gary Glitter as an  influence on his music, and there is no better example than this stomping  first single. Not much was done for remixes, but the B-side  &quot;Dangerous&quot; was impressive enough to my ears, but alas it  couldn't be on the album.<br />-&quot;Halo&quot;: the climactic coda of this  song is simply breathtaking, as this was supposed to be the fifth single,  but never made it. Nonetheless, this is a great song, wrought with great  lyrics, a wonderful chorus, and the already mentioned climax of the  song.<br />-&quot;Waiting for the Night&quot;: apparently this was a shared  lead vocal between Gore and Gahan, though it's hard to tell except in the  vocal harmonies. That aside, this is a quiet, dark, but rather soothing  song that leaves the listener entranced before the storm that is the next  song.<br />-&quot;Enjoy the Silence&quot;: my absolute favorite song of all  time. The guitar riff, while simple enough, is somehow hypnotizing and  carries the song into a buildup of danceable bliss. I think it won the  award for single of the decade or something of the sort, and it's clear to  see why. A wonderful song! Watch for the interlude,  &quot;Crucified.&quot;<br />-&quot;Policy of Truth&quot;: this song is also  wonderful, with a slow lounge feel to it. The synth downpitch riff is  infectious to hum to, and the guitar play that fades the song out is simply  entrancing.<br />-&quot;Blue Dress&quot;: almost every Depeche Mode album had  a song that was really unnecessary as opposed to one of the B-sides, so I'd  have to say this was it. While a good song, and one that is sweetly sung by  Gore, it lacks any real power that the other songs possess. The second  interlude is here as well.<br />-&quot;Clean&quot;: ironically, this song was  the antithesis to Gahan's impending drug addictions that would increase his  noteriety during the next album. The lyrics probably mean something  different to him now, but at the time, the only controversy surrounding  this song was the similarity between the echoing bassline and that used by  Pink Floyd on their song &quot;One of These Days.&quot; That aside, it is a  song of great intensity and leaves the listener breathless as it closes the  album out.<br />All in all, this had to be DM's tour-de-force, at least as far  as their '80's sound. Released in 1990, it closed that chapter in their  musical evolution with a bang that left the listeners waiting to hear what  would come next. A brilliant album of musical excellence and gothic bliss.
630575067X|3.0|That's why it gets three stars. Kids will enjoy it. Is it up to the standard of the orginals? Not even close. If Disney were to buy the rights to Star Wars, I'd expect them to make this. Nothing against Disney. My kids  enjoy their movies too. I just pray that they don't bring Jar Jar Binks  back for Episode II.
B000002LCI|5.0|&quot;Black Celebration&quot; had solidified DM's synth pop sound within the realms of a darkly sensual and gothic exploration into the listener's emotions. Now with &quot;Music for the Masses,&quot; that sound is  continued through more great songs wrought with sexual undertones, gothic  soundscapes, and blistering dance rhythms that dare the listener to get up  and move in ecstasy. The songs on this album are lyrically profound, and  the music atmospheric and dark, yet accessible. Truly a sound for the  masses. Upbeat tempos with downbeat backdrops, and songs so infectious...it  makes great driving music...<br />-&quot;Never Let Me Down Again&quot;: a  brilliant opener with a pulsating rhythm and a great buildup to a fade out  of echoing synth riffs and harmony vocals. An acoustic cover was done by  Smashing Pumpkins for the &quot;For the Masses&quot; tribute  album.<br />-&quot;The Things You Said&quot;: this is arguably my favorite  song on the album. An airy ambient minimalist song, with a great gothic  bassline.<br />-&quot;Strangelove&quot;: the single mix was far more upbeat,  but this version certainly fits within the ambient context of the rest of  the album. Great lyrics that would seem to suggest bondage, but still  subtle enough to make the listener get up and dance.<br />-&quot;Sacred&quot;:  my least favorite song on the album, to me there is nothing special about  it. This is the one song the album could have done without, though the  intro sample of vocal choirs buried in the mix is pretty  cool.<br />-&quot;Little 15&quot;: why this song was released as a single ONLY  in France, I don't know, but it is a great song. Lyrically not unlike  &quot;A Question of Time&quot; from &quot;Black Celebration,&quot; but  again, far more subtle and more provocative. Beautiful.<br />-&quot;Behind the  Wheel&quot;: this song, along with its B-side, DM's cover of &quot;Route  66,&quot; and &quot;Never Let Me Down Again&quot; help to prove my point of  this album making great driving music...at least lyrically. An infectious  bassline, pulsing tempo, and a great dual-lead vocal from Gore and Gahan  make this probably the best song on the album...certainly the most  recognizable.<br />-&quot;I Want You Now&quot;: the breathmask sample that  starts off the rhythm of this song (most notably sampled by bandmate Alan  Wilder for his song &quot;Curse&quot; on his Recoil &quot;Bloodline&quot;  album) is eerie, but the song by itself is nothing special. If anything,  it's a great vocal by Gore.<br />-&quot;To Have and to Hold&quot;: this is  perhaps the most frightening song on the album. This is as dark as it gets.  Echoing vocals, a slow dirge beat, and brilliant lyrics make this a  spectacle for the album. Faithfully covered by Deftones on the &quot;For  the Masses&quot; tribute album.<br />-&quot;Nothing&quot;: my second favorite  song on the album. The bassline is almost literally identical to the Cure's  &quot;The Walk,&quot; but that means &quot;nothing&quot; when taking into  account the criticism that song got for being somewhat identical to New  Order's &quot;Blue Monday.&quot; Be that as it may, I love Gahan's vocals  on this song, and the lyrics are just great.<br />-&quot;Pimpf&quot;: this is  probably the most experimental Gore ever went musically. The piano melody  is very well done, and the &quot;Hee-Hoo&quot; choir-style vocals are eerie  and powerful. A brilliant song.<br />Overall, this album is far more ambient  and atmospheric than &quot;Black Celebration,&quot; but lyrically and  stylistically speaking, this album is an excellent piece of work that stays  true to form while still being experimental in its own sense. The bonus  tracks, which were nothing more than selected remixes (all of which  appeared as B-sides to their respective singles), are also noteworthy,  especially the &quot;Spanish Taster&quot; mix of &quot;To Have and to  Hold,&quot; which is said to be the original version Gore intended before  Wilder's influence on the final album version. On the whole, this album is  probably DM's best in the '80's...afterall, it spawned the tour that  produced &quot;101.&quot; But that's another story in itself...
B00003Q43A|4.0|Every movie doesn't have to be an Oscar contender. Sometimes it's nice just to sit down and watch a fun movie. ID4 fits the bill. Just watch and enjoy.
0671510991|3.0|Kissinger's analysis of REalpolitik is strong. But, he underestimate's Hitler's diplomatic skill, overestimates the Wilsonian beliefs of the leaders of the 30s, and writes sentences in musty formulae( 'it is a  measure of__that________' or 'they had forgotten____-if indeed they[or he]  had ever known it'.)He is terribly repetitive, and makes odd comparisons to  keep the reader interested. Excluding his repetitions and digressive  comparisons would knock off a hundred pages. Finally, his taste for  balance-of-power, Realpolitik, and statesmen like Bismarck and Disraeli  seems more nostalgic than reasoned.
0316777722|4.0|I'm withholding a five star rating because of the typo on page 269:  \\"We used to returned home for Christmas every year . . . \\"  Is there no one at Little, Brown and Company whose responsibility it is to make sure errors  such as the above don't ruin the reading experience?  I feel cheated.
0312867123|4.0|This was a good book which posed some very interesting ideas. The plot was fast moving, well thought out and kept me up late at night(!)<br />a few minor flaws were towards the end, when things began to get a bit trite..<br />If you  are in the mood for a novel that presents an interesting idea then this is  the book for you
0553275976|5.0|Bonfire of the Vanities is a marvelous achievement:  By turns, it doubles you over with laughter, causes you to pause and linger over a sublimely-written paragraph and shocks you into confronting the realities  of our modern day institutions.  The language is not for the faint-hearted  -- beware.  But as social satire and commentary, you're likely to find few  equals.
B000002ADT|5.0|When God makes music, this is what she tries for.
B00004SCX6|3.0|In my opinion, The cd &quot;Oops I did it Again&quot; was ok.<br />First off, the song &quot;Oops I did it Again&quot; was a pretty bad song.Its too much like &quot;Hit Me Baby One More Time&quot;<br />However Most of the other  songs were pretty good. I liked Stronger, (I Cant Get No) Satisfaction,  Dont Let Me Be the Last To Know, Lucky  and ONE Kiss From You because of  the lyrics and music. <br />However, I dont think Britney's Music has changed  alot. Maybe a little though.<br />Dear Diary could have used a little help.
B00000K3UU|4.0|The first half of the movie &quot;Big Daddy&quot; is a bit dissapointing. The only thing you see is the kid throwing up and stuff like that.<br />But the second half of the movie is pretty funny and it even has some emotional  scenes which I realy didn't expect of an Adam Sandler movie.<br />The movie  also has a good soundtrack (with great songs of Sheryl Crow and Garbage)  and Steve Buscemi is very funny as the homeless man and Rod Schneider as  the delivery guy.<br />If you like Adam Sandlers previous movies, you should  buy this movie. If you don't, just watch it sometime.
6302256615|1.0|I'll go out on a limb here as probably the ONLY person who totally loathed this movie.  Let's see...it was annoyingly predictable from beginning to end, poorly acted--and that's saying something for Keanu Reeves, and the  &quot;action&quot; sequences, if they can be called that, were uninspiring  at best.  I'm not sure where all the described adrenalin rushes were coming  from, but you'd have to be painfully wound up already to get them from this  flick. About the only redeeming thing about his picture(if you're a  woman,anyway)is seeing Mr. Reeves looking fairly buff. The only reason I  give this a star at all is because you can't get out of the review field  without one. This isn't a good &quot;bad&quot; movie, it's just plain bad.
B00000GAIW|4.0|This CD is a re-release with a lot of extra stuff at the end.  The extra stuff includes a worse recording of one of the songs &quot;Wind-Up&quot; (but otherwise identical), a very long (14 minute) boring interview with  Ian Anderson, and then some somewhat interesting but badly recorded songs  that were not on the original album.  The interview makes the lead singer  and songwriter sound like a bitter, disillusioned old man who didn't like  recording.  He makes a lot of jealous statements about how Led Zeppelin got  a better recording studio, etc.  In addition, the pull-out booklet contains  some very negative reviews of the music, published about the time it was  originally released.<br />The original album was superb, and if you don't have  it yet I recommend finding an older release of the CD so that you get JUST  Aqualung, and not all this added negative junk.
B00004TL21|5.0|When I first heard &quot;White Pony&quot;, I heard a new side of Deftones. This album is not the usual blatant assault on your ears we've experienced in the past. (Which we all loved by the way.) It's a more melodic and  experimental hybrid, with songs that will haunt you for days. The music is  just as heavy sounding as in the past, but there is less screeching and  more singing/moaning. &quot;White Pony&quot; contains the hit song  &quot;Change (in the house of flies)&quot; plus a couple of others that are  sure to hit the airwaves soon. One of the highlights of this album is a  guest appearance by Maynard James Keenan of Tool/A Perfect Circle in the  song &quot;Passenger.&quot; Another bonus is that you can pop the CD into  your PC and check out some cool multimedia as well as a sort of PacMan game  where you go through the maze and avoid the Deftones while listening to an  organic version of &quot;Shove It&quot;.  Really funny! All in all, I give  this album 5 stars. It may not be what their old fans are used to, but it's  just a different facet of &quot;incredible&quot;.
B000002VCO|3.0|&quot;Ammonia Avenue&quot; is the first in a string of pop-oriented mid-'80s albums, and it shows that APP decided to abandon art-rock and to produce music  primarily serviceable for clubs and the charts. Lyrically,  &quot;AA&quot; has quite a concept, it deals with the alienation of modern  society and the difficulty of relationships. These are fairly familiar  topics for early-'80s music, and the lyrics are not as thoughtful as those  of earlier APP albums. Musically, I think this is APP's most unfocused and  bland effort, partly due to APP's frequent and cursory use of dance rhythms  and slick synth sounds. &quot;Don't answer me&quot;, APP's signature hit,  still receives a lot of radio airplay and can be considered a classic.  &quot;One good reason&quot;, &quot;You don't believe&quot;, and  &quot;Pipeline&quot; are somewhat sterile tracks, recorded with the aid of  drum machines and sequencers. The ballads and calmer songs like &quot;Prime  time&quot;, &quot;Since..&quot;, and the title cut continue the &quot;Eye  in the sky&quot;- formula without noticeable change. Eventually, the  ponderous pseudo-hard rock of &quot;Let me go home&quot; confirms that  &quot;AA&quot; is rather a jumble of various elements than a consistent  album. Not a complete failure, but compared with APP's '70s-work, it's a  calculated and lackluster affair.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|There is not a single song in this CD which I do not like. Maiden is back all right!
B00003XB8K|1.0|I liked the first two Enigma releases and hadn't followed them for some time when I found out about this album.  I have always been a fan of Carmina Burana, and reading that it was sampled on this album was the  reason I bought it.  I was expecting something on the level of that techno  track &quot;O Fortuna&quot; (renamed &quot;Obumbratta&quot;).  Not quite.  Not quite as exciting or as listenable.  It's really just more new-age  drivel.  I should have listened to the other reviews.  Carmina Burana has  been so overplayed in movies and in, *gasp*, car commercials - and Enigma  is just cashing in on the trend.  Taking one sample and creating a whole  album of it worked for his first release - it's getting old.
0380788624|5.0|I loved this book so much I promptly bought Snow Crash, which I also loved, and I'll read the others too now.  What fascinated me about Cryptonomicon was the WWII story part.  I have read all of the Ultra books,  and this book picked up where the Ultra books left off.  I felt like this  book provided information I had always wanted to know about cracking codes  and subterfuge.  (I am not a computer programmer, so don't ask me why I  always wanted to know these things).<br />Stephenson is a very witty author,  and I found myself laughing out loud at his characters and his comments.   His characters are not only &quot;true to life,&quot; but he has the  ability to make them  quirky and interesting.  This is the mark of a  novelist that does more than just crank out a good story.  <br />The story  reads like a Custler Dirk Pitt novel, except that the wonderful quirky  nerds really have to work hard to get the girl.  I am really glad I bought  this book and will now read everything by Stephenson.
0780628551|2.0|How ironic it is, that Theron on the back of the box for this DVD is billed as &quot;Charlize Theron (Devil's Advocate)&quot;; this movie is a pale, inferior carbon copy of that movie (Theron is a middle class woman  with a pure heart abandoned by her husband in the rich, but oh-so-cold NY  of wealthy socialites), &quot;Rosemary's Baby&quot; (a woman discovers to  her horror, that she has been impregnated with the seed of evil and that  she can trust noone around her) and &quot;Invasion of the Body  Snatchers&quot; (sinister alien plot to overtake earth by replacing humans  with evil, callous copies).<br />Depp seems to be doing &quot;James Dean  playing a glum Elvis&quot;, plus you get the feeling that his subtext  throughout the entire movie is &quot;This paycheck is gonna make it  possible for me to do a few indie-projects that I actually care  about&quot;. And the beautiful Theron can't quite hide her great talent,  but she doesn't have much to work with here: A shallow, unsuspenseful plot  with unmemorable dialogue and scenes.<br />Two stars are for the stylishness  of the movie, for Depp and Theron, who really should save their talents for  better material than this, and for the technical quality of the disc; the  picture is crisp, so is the sound.<br />Only on a very rainy day is this worth  your time and money. I already traded my copy of this DVD.
0380788624|5.0|I loved this book so much I promptly bought Snow Crash, which I also loved, and I'll read the others too now.  What fascinated me about Cryptonomicon was the WWII story part.  I have read all of the Ultra books,  and this book picked up where the Ultra books left off.  I felt like this  book provided information I had always wanted to know about cracking codes  and subterfuge.  (I am not a computer programmer, so don't ask me why I  always wanted to know these things).<br />Stephenson is a very witty author,  and I found myself laughing out loud at his characters and his comments.   His characters are not only &quot;true to life,&quot; but he has the  ability to make them  quirky and interesting.  This is the mark of a  novelist that does more than just crank out a good story.  <br />The story  reads like a Custler Dirk Pitt novel, except that the wonderful quirky  nerds really have to work hard to get the girl.  I am really glad I bought  this book and will now read everything by Stephenson.
B00003CXC7|5.0|Rear Window may probably be my favorite Hitchcock film. About a man(Jimmy Stewart)who is confined to his apartment, by injury, and suspects a man in the apartment complex across from him has murdered his wife. Ultimate  climax scene when murderer tries to attack Stewart in his apartment.I say  again, this is an exellent movie for fans and even not-so-much fans of  Hitchcock, and is also an all around fabulous film.
B000001DU5|5.0|I bought this CD on a trip to Ireland in the fear that it wouldn't make it to the US. I had it for years, before I lost it to a roomate. I have all the Orzabal/Smith original albums (pre-remastering, non-import), so I  didn't really, really need this. But for one thing, Laid So Low is a really  cool song. For another, sometimes it's nice to have a greatest hits CD  instead of the Hurting on CD, and Songs from the Big Chair on tape, and  Seeds of Love on CD... So here I am, to buy it again. I'd recommend the  same to anyone who liked the band. Here's hoping for a reunion tour....
B00000I9MK|3.0|This CD was so highly recommended by Amazon customer reviews I thought I'd try it.  It's a very decent set of songs although a bit down.  Very &quot;I'm in my 20's&quot; angst but with some clever lyrics and OK  melodies.  If you remember and liked Donovan there is quite a resemblance  to that 60's singer although with a unique twist of its own.  If you like  moody, somewhat lowkey music you might enjoy this.
0782008372|3.0|Weel, firstly let me say that I have always and always will be a huge fan. Thus, as soon as I bought a DVD player, I had to get this on DVD. So, I ordered it, paid way too much for it, and received it a short time  later.<br />The movie as expected was the same brilliant movie I remember. The  sound was very odd. on a Dolby Pro Logic system it faded horribly all over  the place. It was too loud in places and too quiet in others.<br />As for the  Director's Cut - This is the exact same version that was released here in  New Zealand for the cinemas, so no bonus there.<br />The picture quality was  quite shocking. It looked a little like a video tape after about 20 plays.  Just starting to get a bit grainy.<br />However, at the incredibly low price  this is being offered at recently, I would still recommend buying it if u  are a fan. The extra features and commentary are quite good, and a true  collector will not be without.<br />I just hope that they remaster it and  rerelease it again soon
067158037X|5.0|How Frank McCourt survived to be a master storyteller, poet, and humanitarian is a miracle and a mystery; midway through his story he suggests the whisper of an answer.  After we have walked with him through  the cold and filthy streets of Limerick, suffered with him through the  senseless deaths of several siblings, felt the cruel indignities of  frostbite and fleabite and hunger and mean-ness of human spirit, he posits  an intriguing and hopeful suggestion.  In the hospital recovering from a  near-fatal brush with Typhoid, he shares a brief friendship with a fellow  patient who introduces him to great literature.  Lost in the delicious  escape of poetry, he comments, &quot;'Twas a lovely thing to discover that  they couldn't mess with the inside of your head.&quot;  At the end of this  memoir, stepping off the boat onto US soil, a companion exclaims what a  great country this is.  In the one-word ending chapter, McCourt replies to  his friend simply, &quot;'Tis.&quot;  Angela's Ashes leaves the reader with  an indelible experience of enslavement to classism, poverty, disease, and  hunger, but it leaves us with an even larger question:  Can we fully and  truly and responsibly inhabit a land of freedom, plenty, and opportunity?   The reader, left breathlessly waiting for the answer to be found in the  sequel to this astounding book might do well also to look within.
B00004KD1L|5.0|This has grown to be one of my favourite albums. Every single person I know (and I am not exaggerating here) who has heared it is constantly &quot;borrowing&quot; it from me. It is perfect as background music in  almost any situation, whether it is at a mellow-ish party, a trendy cafe,  or you are just sitting around at home. It is calm and mellow, without  being the slightest bit depressing. I would highly recomend it to anyone.
0780629450|5.0|This movie is a feast for the eyes and for the ears. A masterpiece. who better to bring hamlet to life than Branagh himself with his most articulate tongue. the acting was superb and so was music that was just  right as not to overwhelm the spoken word. The movie brought all the  characters to life and it was so easy to be absorbed into their emotions.  Branagh should be crowned the king of Shakespeare.
B000026258|5.0|The early Pulse music of Steve Reich is a wonder for those who have not yet encountered it.  Music for 18 Musicians is a seminal piece.  It is ambitious, monumental in scale and perfectly realised.  If you are new to  the 'minimalist' music of the 70s, this work will astound you with its  originality.  It is not easy music, but its rewards are limitless.  This  kind of work, sometimes called repetitive or trance music, tends to provoke  the extremes of appreciation - you either love it or you hate it - and it  is not the kind of music you can just allow to wash over you.  However, if  you allow yourself to enter fully into the aesthetic, the experience it  offers can approach the sublime.  It develops a meditative quality, as your  engagement with the flow of sound becomes total.  This music can be as  moving and profound as Beethoven, as long as you're in the right mood!   This recording is by the original Steve Reich and Musicians ensemble and  was recorded soon after the work's composition.  As usual, the performance  by the ensemble is flawless.  The concentration and stamina required for  such a piece is enormous, but on this recording Steve Reich and Musicians  present a tempo and note perfect delivery.  Since this recording of Music  for 18 Musicians has been available on CD, it has been possible for the  listener to enjoy the piece in its continuous entirety without the fading  in and out of the vinyl original.  Here it is played as the composer fully  intended it to be, and it strongly evokes the spirit of the time in which  it was composed.  Steve Reich is a giant of modern composition and  performance and this is a disc that cannot be absent from any decent  collection of progressive music.  It is also very entertaining to have a  disc with only one track of nearly an hour's duration!
B00004U2EZ|5.0|This CD is NOT NEW. This CD is the ORIGINAL FRENCH CONCEPT ALBUM (sung in French) recorded in 1997 or 1998 and released in France,  I believe to promote the show. It used to be sold as an import for about $20.00. Now,  it's available for a great price in the USA. I was sad when I found it  wasn't a NEW recording of the London Cast, or Vegas Cast but this album is  still wonderful.<br />  It features Noa(Esmerelda), Garou (Quasimodo), Bruno  Pelletier (Grenior), Patrik Fiori (Phoebus), Daniel Lovie (Frollo), Luck  Mervil (Clopin) and Julia Zenatti (Fleur). It's bascially the same cast as  the DOUBLE DISC LIVE FRENCH VERSION which is, by far the most superior  recording of the show. Even though the 2CD is sung in French it's got every  song, it's 2 1/2 hours and it's LIVE! Only difference is the Esmerelda's.  (On all 3 recordings the Esmerelda's are different. Noa, Helene Segara, and  Tina Arena (in English). All three are fine.<br />For those who love the  English sung album the Phoebus' are different. In French he is sung by the  sensational Patrik Fiori. He sings &quot;Belle&quot; better than Steve  Balasmo, but Steve sings &quot;Torn Apart&quot; way better. Although if you  buy the double disc Patrik sings soooo much better live, and with those two  versions I can't compare.<br />  Now on this CD, which is sung completely in  FRENCH, features the songs: Age of the Cathedrals, Refugees, Bohiemienne,  Court of Miracles, Belle, Your Love Will Kill Me, Ave Maria, Torn Apart,  Florence, The Bells, Castaway, I'm A Priest, My Heart I You Will Swear,  Moon, God You Made The World All Wrong, Live, Dance My Esmerelda.<br />  Ofcourse the songs are sung and written in French but for those of you who  know the English sung album, that should help you out. Also, just to let  you know it DOESN'T HAVE &quot;The Birds In Cages&quot;. But it does have a  few new ones like &quot;The Court of Miracles&quot; sung by Clopin and Co.  and &quot;Florence&quot; sung by Grenoir and Frollo. Also at the beginning  of &quot;The Bells&quot; Grenoir and Frollo sing a small duet which is  fierce!<br />The CD comes with nice (some small) pictures of the singers and  the lyrics (in French)<br />Even though the CD is not necessarily NEW it's  fantastic for those who don't have it. I also HIGLY RECOMMEND the Double  disc recording for those die hard fans out there. It's available on  AMAZON.COM! :)Frollo. Also at the beginning  of &quot;The Bells&quot; Grenoir and Frollo sing a small duet which is  fierce!<br />The CD comes with nice (some small) pictures of the singers and  the lyrics (in French)<br />Even though the CD is not necessarily NEW it's  fantastic for those who don't have it. I also HIGLY RECOMMEND the Double  disc recording for those die hard fans out there. It's available on  AMAZON.COM! :)
B00004THAY|4.0|No guitar heroics in the album, but that is fine with me.  Not nearly as good as &quot;From the Cradle&quot; but this is a richly satisfying album.<br />Keys to the Highway was my favorite song, esp. if you remember the  song as performed by Derek and the Dominoes.<br />The best way I can describe  the album is that it has a good vibe.  Clapton and King complement each  other very well.  Clapton lays back on the guitar, but that makes it better  for me.  The songs seem to take precedence over the artists.
0767903854|4.0|Bryson's books are unapologetically light reading. The gags come thick and fast, and some of them are surprisingly good: the first fifty pages of this book will have you hooting with laughter. (His analysis of Manning Clarke's  turgid prose style is terrific.) And while I don't think Bryson writes  enough about the people he meets on his trips, he does manage to impart  interesting information, some of it quite arcane. A few complaints: the  book is about fifty pages too long, and readers of Bryson's earlier books  might find happy Bryson less witty than grumpy Bryson -- I think I read  'it's an interesting place' a dozen times. If I were Bill, I wouldn't plan  on visting Hobart in the near future: failing to mention Tasmania at all  will make him very unpopular down south.
6302424887|5.0|I actually prefer this to the Nicol Williamson and Orson Wells versions of Macbeth. Polanski assembled a relatively unknown cast and got some great performances out of them. The cinematography is about as atmospheric as it  gets. Polanski, as always, gets great visual results from his  cinematographer. When one compares the results of this adaptation, financed  by Playboy, with Caligula, fronted by Bob Guccione, one has to come away  with at least some admiration for Heffner. At least he kept his hands off  the production. This was Polanski circa the late 60's, about the time he  filmed \\"The Fearless Vampire Killers \\"(one of my all-time  favorite neglected masterworks), and before \\"Chinatown \\"(hardly  neglected, yet exquisite direction, nevertheless). From  \\"Macbeth's\\" opening frame on the bleak, windswept Scottish heath,  to the closing image, this production is consistently stark( Even though  it's not filmed in black-and-white, it feels like it is). It also contains  one of the most moving cinematic treatments  I've seen when  conveying  Macduff's agonizing sense of loss as he reacts to the report of Macbeth's  attack upon his helpless family. Macduff's sense of self-recrimination as  he admits he was not there to defend his wife and children (truly one of  the most heart-rending moments in cinema history for me) comes across as  genuine and heartfelt.<br /> Polanski is a troubled genius, no doubt. Too bad  his proclivities got in the way of his career as they did for Chaplin. We  probably would have witnessed many more thought-provoking productions, akin  to this one. PS:(Edited to note that Polanski indeed did return to form with THE PIANIST.)
B00000IAU3|5.0|After hearing &quot;Here with me&quot; on Roswell last year, I was quite hooked to Dido,-and Roswell. There is a very romantic, soulful, and honest quality to her music, and I expect great things from her in the future.   Not many people know of her, so if you get this CD, you're being let in on  one of the best kept secrets around.
078062999X|5.0|This is one monumental piece of filmmaking. To the dectractors, for whom it was probably too long for their MTV attention spans, I can only say, go back to Britney Spears and save your comments for something you know  something about. I'm sorry, but these responses really get me ticked in  this instance. This is the &quot;full&quot; text, as written. Every word is  a gem. Every scene is necessary for a full apprecition and understanding of  Shakespeare's scope and genius. I didn't detect a dull moment or a lapse in  directorial love and care for the duration of the film. Even Robin  Williams, who I find annoying of late, was perfectly cast. The cameos,  supporting roles, and stars all shone equally. This film is a triumph on  Branagh's part, even better than his masterful Henry V. He's followed in  Olivier's footsteps and even superseded him in many respects. I didn't for  a moment doubt any of his choices, either as actor or director. For me,  this is the definitive Shakespeare recording of the modern era. Enough  said.
B000002UAR|5.0|'Revolver' is an essential album. However, I don't agree with the throngs of people who seem to think this is their best, their amazing revolutionary masterpiece. Everything that followed (except 'Let It Be') is better. 'Sgt.  Pepper' and 'Magical Mystery Tour', the two records that followed, are both  more experimental and more satisfying, while the bizarre charm of 'The  White Album' and 'Abbey Road' really topped it all off. While all the songs  on the album are successful in what they aim to be, they don't have the  grandeur of the songs from other Beatles albums, namely 'Sgt. Pepper'. This  is the only problem.<br />This is unquestionably a highly consistent record.  The down-to-the-basics raw production values of the Harrison rocker Taxman  is a perfect way to start things off, and Eleanor Rigby is a scathing,  creative, and heartwarming violin piece. Highy underrated gems to follow  include Yellow Submarine  (not just a sing-a-long for kids), For No One,  and Dr. Robert (with its Christmas Carol-like chorus/interlude). However, I  was expecting more of the bizarre closer Tomorrow Never Knows....I see it  as kind of baby brother/experimental companion piece to A Day In The Life  from 'Sgt. Pepper'...In the same vein, although Day In The Life is a far  better song. Although this isn't the Beatles' best, this album would make  me a convert if any other band did it. Essential stuff, and a definite  turning point in the careers of the Beatles, but their follow ups topped it  in my opinion.
0679746048|3.0|A sad, yet very funny book.  A very authentic picture of mental illness (not that I REALLY know though).  There are a couple of chapters near the end that are tempting to skip.  They have nothing to do with the storyline  and are really an in-depth pschyological analysis of mental illness.
B000003S0I|3.0|OK, Here's the rundown - LTiA1 is pretty cool, although it runs a bit too long in my opinion.  Book of Saturday is an agreeable little tune with very nice vocals.  Exiles will remind you of the first couple o' KC  albums.<br />Easy Money is similar to &quot;Cat Food&quot; and &quot;Ladies of  the Road,&quot;  The Talking Drum is pretty much a complete waste of space,  and finally LTiA2 is one of the best rock and roll tunes in exsitence and  is pretty much worth the price of the CD alone.<br />&quot;Red&quot;,  &quot;Discipline&quot;, and &quot;The ConstruKction of Light&quot; are all  better KC CD's, but if you're a fan this is definitely worth the purchase.
0790740443|5.0|This is an excellent film. Those who are critical of it for Kurt Russell's lack of dialogue are probably too dense to see what the film is really trying to tell them . They should stick to something like &quot;Sesame  Street&quot; where everything is labouriously explained in explicit detail  so they do not have to make an effort to delve deeper than just a  superficial level. Soldier is more than just an action film . It studies a  character who has been subject to heinous brutality and inhumanity as a  child and how being brainwashed and further subject to the horrors of war  as an adult have created a perfect soldier  , but a terrifying human  being.How could Sergeant Todd be anything other than a robotic killing  machine after suffering through all of that .Then the realisation that he  is obsolete is another crushing blow as that is an awful thing for anyone  to discover . He is beaten , left for dead and then disposed of on a  garbage world like he was nothing . Luckily he is taken in by the planets  inhabitants but life with them is trying though Todd slowly starts to  regain his humanity and gain a new sense of values which differ to what the  army has taught him . But he is soon rejected by the people as he does not  fit in and banished from the colony . The scene where Todd is alone in that  big pipe and sheds a tear is one of the saddest moments as he has once  again been discarded , it almost got me misty-eyed , almost. Todd's  interaction with the family he stays with is great as we get to see how a  person who has never known any affection or adoration copes with the  kindness and affections of the wife and son especially . Through the first  part of the film we feel both scared and in awe of what Todd is , then as  he is forced to cope in a new environment we feel a sense of pity for Todd  and what he was forced to become .  This is an epic film filmed with great  acting , characterisation , special effects and top notch action . I love  the ending with the 1-vs-17 battle with plenty of chance to cheer for the  hero . The line &quot;soldiers deserve soldiers&quot; shows that Todd as a  soldier follows a code which may be brutal but at least he knows that is  opponents are only doing as their told as they too have been bred to act  without free will . A great film all round.Highly recommended!
B000001EGA|5.0|Essential if you are a true Elton John fan or appreciate perfect lyrics matched with incredible arrangement.  Unbelievable collection and arangement not only of music and lyric, but of  order of songs.  From the  title track that takes you somewhere else to the edgy blues of Tell Me When  the Whistle Blows and the sanctuary of Someone Saved My Life Tonight, Elton  presents an astonishingly perfect mix of style and emotion.  This is only  reinforced on side 2 by 5 songs that tell an amazing story of quest and  flow together in a fashion which gives company to the Beatles' Abbey Road.   This album is timeless and gets better with age; When I first listened to  it, I sat with my older sister on our family room floor and was astonished  at the mix of music with lyrics.  My sister and I still listen to it and  keep certain tracks sacred.  The true talent of Elton John and Bernie  Taupin shine and is absorbed by the listener.  The songs are arranged to  allow your very own story to unfold and stay with you and it is not an  album to be missed.
B000002UAU|5.0|To add value to this review I'll do my best to avoid repeating all that has already been said in the thousand reviews of Sgt. Pepper and try to explain why you should include this album into your collection.  <br />When  Pepper was released, June 1, 1967, I can witness that it was the most  artistic of all the Beatles albums  at the time and that it changed the  concept of \\"album\\" making in the 60's. This album allowed pop-music to  develop as art rather than a teen-age fashionable rhythm for radio  listening. The recording of Sgt Pepper began in December 1966 and was  finished on April 3, 1967. The album's production cost was $100.000. A  superb effort compared to today's mega album productions that take over 1  or 2 years to be recorded and  require over a million dollars to be  finished.   <br />Pepper belongs to the \\"studio years\\" period of Beatles,  which started with the &quot;Revolver&quot; album. The  group would  concentrate in making music and growing as musicians, instead of writing  tunes in vans, hotels, and airports between tours, TV shows and movies. The  Beatles grew tremendously as composers and musicians especially during the  67-68 period and George Martin's contributions became more important than  ever to the group's music. The album shows a huge improvement in  production, sound, arrangements, and recording. The concepts introduced by  Sgt. Pepper influenced changed the second half of the 60's music. <br />I  think we all know the story that the album started with Paul McCartney's  idea of pretending that the Beatles were another band instead of the  \\"fab-four\\" (i.e. Sgt. Pepper's band) and tried to persuade the rest of the  group to play along with this game. In addition, Paul was also fascinated  and influenced by the \\"Pet Sounds\\" album of the Beach Boys and went into  the studio trying to outperform this album. Paul's motivations initially  found echo on John Lennon, who was willing to experiment or do anything to  find some excitement sincethe Beatles had stopped touring. As a result,  there are many collaboration between Paul and John -like in the old days-  in song writing and production, plus some putting together unfinished songs  the both had at the time. <br />The album introduces several new concepts into  the Beatles music like eliminating the pause between songs and connecting  beginnings with ends; the active use of strings, orchestras, keyboards, and  studio effects to produce different atmospheres; the much heavier sound of  the electric guitars; the longer duration of the compositions; and Paul's  bass playing which can be distinguished as a main instrument. Paul started  experimenting with a true left hand and more contemporary Rickenbacker bass  in many passages of this album this album, leaving behind (for a while) his  classic violin shaped Hofner bass -a right hand converted instrument. We  have to mention George Harrison's contribuition, who in addition to playing  his usual role within the Beatles introduces one of his best indo-pop music  composition that also represents a departure from the Beatles music. George  brings indo musicians for this recording. After Pepper, you will find that  the individualistic efforts of the group's members increases in their next  albums. Last but not least, this album includes the song lyrics -first time  to do so by the group- plus a poster, cut and paste material for fans and  collectors.  I am thinking of the original vinyl L.P edition.  <br />Sgt.  Pepper not only maintained the critics busy for years, but was also  welcomed by almost every artist of the 60's. Jimmi Hendrix saluted the  Beatles by playing the beginning of Sgt. Pepper during one of his concerts  (actually before the Isle of White Festival).  And the underground and  progressive Frank Zappa took some ideas to produce some of his material  (from parody to true influence). I recall that the super group Pink Floyd  had asked and obtained permission to sit and watch the Beatles working at  the EMI studio. Not to mention the Stones, who also sat down and watched  the Beatles record and play during several sessions after Sgt. Pepper. It  was obvious that even music competitors and rivals -also friends- praised  the album.  <br />I don't know and will not get into the irrelevant argument  if this is the \\"best\\" Beatles album, the greatest LP of the 60's, or who's  favorite. All I will say is that after having heard almost every album  produced in the 60's, if you collect or enjoy modern music or are curious  about this decade's sound you have to listen and include Sgt. Pepper in  your collection. You can't get exactly experience the same feeling nor  emotion that was lived by those who heard this album for the first time  when released. Today we have already heard all of the sounds that evolved  from this decade plus all of the improvements made to it. But trust me, we  can re-write the opening lyrics and say that \\"33 years ago today, Sgt  Pepper's taught many groups to play...\\"  If not, why are we still listening,  discussing and copying all of this stuff? Let's enjoy not argue. My best to  music lovers.
B00004T9UF|4.0|I am not usually a fan of rap, but I really liked this CD. To parents and those who can't really handle Eminem's extreme personality this CD is difenitely not for u. I really have a problem with &quot;Kim.&quot; The  song gave me nightmares after the first time I listened to it... now I just  program my CD player to skip it. The whole thing about beating and then  killing his wife after he catches her cheating is just a little too intense  for me. Eminem shows origality with this CD. If u just like his song  &quot;The Real Slim Shady,&quot; the rest of the CD is not really like it.  The &quot;Real Slim Shady&quot; is pretty much the only song that can be  played on the radio. He says some really outragious things in this CD. All  in all this CD is really good but also really intense.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This is one of those rare films that keeps getting better every time you watch. Smart, subversive, funny, and just plain brilliantly crafted, Fight Club is one of the best movies of the 1990s. Based on a novel by Chuck  Palahniuk, this movie tells the story of an exhausted and strung-out  Gen-Xer played by Edward Norton who &quot;befriends&quot; Tyler Durden,  played by Brad Pitt, and creates Fight Club together to rebel against the  consumerist society that they feel powerless against. All hell breaks loose  when Tyler feels that things should be taken to the next level and Edward  Norton's character finds himself again caught up in a world he believes he  doesn't have any control over. There's a sublime twist at the end, and it  took me several viewings to catch all the subtle nuances that hinted  throughout the movie that things are not as they seem. Both Edward Norton  and Brad Pitt do a fantastic job in conveying a sense of hopelessness and  nihilism and their violent reactions against society. Forget about the  asinine controversy surrounding the film, because this is a film to watch,  think about, and then watch again.<br />If that weren't enough, the DVD itself  is jam-packed with outtakes, still gallerys, commentary, behind-the-scenes,  production notes, and a slew of goodies on two discs. Let's not forget the  great packaging design, which makes this DVD one to keep and cherish for  years to come. If only all DVDs came this way! Now, all I have to do is get  Edward Norton and Brad Pitt to sign this thing. . .
B00003CWTI|1.0|I've liked Boogie Nights - the DVD is one of the favorites in my collection. Taking home the second of the year's floral offerings - the first being American Beauty rose - I was preparing myself for something very rewarding.<br />For the first half an hour I was intrigued by the 3  accidents - they looked like a prelude to something meaningful. Then the  familiar faces appeared, a Beatlesque music poured in - good, good.<br />An  hour later I was staring at the screen where all the faces combined in some  kind of hysterical hydra, writhing and shrieking: - You! You a-hole!  Motherfker! Shut up! F-k off!  You shut up! -<br />I sat back and thought -  Why don't YOU shut up?-<br />Sat through the film till the end - my attention  span exceeds the movie's length by couple hours. Then I did some Internet  research - read PT's interviews. Had a sense of deja vu - the guy sounds so  much like Eric Cartman: - I fking don't let fking nobody to fking edit my  fking films! -<br />The fking genius.<br />Could not find PT's biography - it  seems he does not have one yet. That explains a lot. That's not the first  time a kid with sheltered childhood in a safe neighbourhood gets obsessed  with the life's dark side.<br />Everyone beams at you when you grow up among  the decent people, baseball glove replaces a teddy bear, you get your first  car at the right age... <br />When the transitional age comes everything is so  complicated, nice people just pretend to be nice, your body changes and  demands it's due, you get nasty, you flare up. You see junkie in a street,  glimpse loose ladies in a bar, people die in a hospital - the testimony to  the world's vile imperfection.<br />Later we mature, become more balanced, see  things in a perspective, acquire stoicism and understanding, the will to  carry on.<br />But that's not the case with PT Anderson. Ambitious and  undereducated &quot;genius&quot; wants to show us the way life is, the  adult life, the life that provided him with so few meaningful  experiences.<br />His girlfriend Fiona Apple was denied a right to pee-pee in  time during some show (see Rolling Stone interview) - and her touching  narrative is transformed into the nerve-wrecking tragedy - one of the  central to the film. <br />The much more serious occassion - PT was present  when his father was dying of cancer - also has to be used to the full.  Someone have to die of cancer. No, no, make it two!  Yeah...right...exactly...Two men dying of cancer, please!<br />And one female  dopehead is not enough - make it double too! Dos por uno.<br />The film is  twice the normal size - so these doubles come very helpful.<br />And two quiz  kids. What relevance to the poor guy's infatuation has the fact that  William H.Macy's character is a former quiz kid? He could be any other kind  of loser - it would not have the slightest impact to the story.<br />The  acting is exaggerated. What is that - an advent of The New Sentimentalism  or pure cheesiness? I particularly hated Julianne Moore's roaming and  raving, gulping pills by a handfull, confronting people with these shrill:  - You dunno understand, just dunno understand!  You a-hole motherfker!  I've married him for money and now I love him!  A-hole!  You dunno  understand! -<br />Yes, yes, calm down, lady. We understand. You have married  him for money and now you love him. Yes, it happens all the time -  specially if your brain is totally screwed. Calm down. Have another  handful. <br />The ridiculous acting had to be topped by someting even more  ridiculous - to tie it all up. Yes, the finale is unexpected. Who could  expect such stupidity from a major release?<br />If you are looking for the  meaning in that film long enough you'll find somehing. But that would be  entirely your fault. <br />Why it is called Magnolia? What the flower has to  do with the movie? Is there any symbolism? The DVD's cover tries to answer  that putting the faces on a different petals - the plotlines stem from onesource. How inventive.<br />In fact Magnolia is just the name of the street in  San Fernando Valley where the director grew up. It had to be used somehow.  The inside of PT's upper scull is a narrow space. No things to be  wasted.
B00004STPT|5.0|A wonderful CD to compliment this wonderful film!  The sheer emotion of the tracks reminds me of my younger days; I can remember my father constantly replaying the soundtrack to &quot;Conan, the Barbarian.&quot;   Each track brings back vivid memories of &quot;Gladiator,&quot; and even  inspires me to repeat some of the dialogue, (I've seen it a whopping 5  times).  As time goes on, and I can increasingly dis-associate the music  with the film per se, I will continue to get the feeling of triumph and  invincibility I felt the first time I saw the movie.  Be sure to check out  &quot;Patricide,&quot;  the melody is very haunting.
0782008372|4.0|Video - yes that was horrible at first(I'm playing it on an S-Video 29&quot; screen), especially the Fasil Scene in MSG. I managed to improve the quality a great deal by turning the 'detail' and 'sharpness' all the  way to zero on the video settings of my dvd player. It's a pain to need to  do this for only 1 dvd, however Highlander is the type of movie that's  worth it. (If you can't adjust these settings on your DVD, maybe the same  settings on your t.v. will do the trick -- haven't tried it.)<br />The LD  director's cut is still superior (more supplement and better video), but  considering how much cheaper DVDs are compared to the prices we used to pay  for LD's it's not bad. <br />Now on to the movie. Highlander has often gotten  a bad rap. I feel this is mainly because it's the type of movie that can't  be placed neatly into a category which most reviewers like to do. It has a  terrific, fresh plot all the way through (with the only exception being the  romance that should have developed between Brenda and Macleod instead of it  turning into a one nighter - the extras discuss this). <br />The story is  about immortals who have lived, loved and fought amongst us since the  beginning of time. That's all I should say more would ruin the excellent  experience first-time viewers will have.<br />I think Amazon is getting rid of  this DVD for some outrageously low price so get it....you'll definitely  enjoy it and watch it a few times just to catch everything -- just remember  to lower the detail and sharpness!<br />I give the DVD 3 stars because they  could have done a better job on the video so that adjustments would not  have been necessary and they should have included the extra supplement that  was available on the laser. <br />The movie itself I give 5 stars for a  wonderful, original concept, good acting, etc... <br />Enjoy....
0782008372|2.0|Mirroring the comments of others, while Highlander is a great movie, the picture quality of the DVD is simply awful - so much so that it detracts from enjoying the film itself.  Stick with the VHS version.
B00000J7S8|5.0|For a person of Diana Krall's youthful age to absorb much of the feeling and empathy of so many jazz greats of the past and relate them in her own genuine form is truly amazing to me. She is unique. I found the most recent  cd to be just as enjoyable as her previous efforts although, personally, I  dig her singing and playing with drums or guitar. Diana Krall is the Sarah  Vaughn, June Christy and Chris Conner of the 20th century with a gutsy  piano to back her up. This chick swings. My introduction to Diana Krall was  around Christmas 1998 when I was watching &quot;CBS Saturday Morning&quot;  and heard this jazzy version of &quot;Jingle Bells&quot;. After about 10  seconds the show signed off with no further recognition of the singer. I  spent the rest of the morning on the internet trying to find out the name  of the singer. Finally, that evening, a net friend in Florida e-mailed me  with the name: DIANA KRALL! Now I have every recording she ever released  commercially. Don't be dis'n Diana. She IS the female jazz heritage now at  the turn of the century.
6305524866|4.0|It is so unfortunate that Andie MacDowell practically destroys, in the final seconds of this film, all that has been so carefully created up until that moment.  Hugh Grant and his merry band of friends are exceptional; the  premise beguiling, and heartfelt.  A gay relationship is of particular  note, and provides the movie its one throat-closing moment.  However,  screenplay and most performances must depend on the believability of the  Grant-MacDowell connection, and Andie is simply not up to the challenge.   By contrast, Kristin Scott Thomas is the most electrifyingly real as she  has ever been, in a slim but significant role.  Charming, diverting --  could have been a classic, if we were rooting for them in the end...
6305176299|5.0|SPEED was  T H E blockbuster of 1994. It had a poor sequel though. But anywho; What make this film a classic and above all A GOOD FILM is that it follows the old principal of the 3-time-rule made by European  fairytale-collectors(Griem, Asbjornsen &amp; Moe and their kind)that the  hero/heorine was go through no less than  THREE - yes - 3  ordeals in  order to solve a specific problem. This and a SPEEEEEEDY(funny) and  andrenalin-filled script makes u NEVER going to get bored. SPEED started  off a lot of Bomb-films, including DIE HARD 3 and BLOWN AWAY. It also  rocketed Keanu Reeves as an actionstar(finally finding his level) and  Sandra Bullock, supporting actress from River Phoenix`last - THE THING  CALLED LOVE 1993.
0312243022|3.0|Frankly I am tired of this kind of &quot;seamless masterpiece&quot; which is so seamless that none of the characters were ever developed to the greatest extent possible.  I have read Mrs. Dalloway, I know Virginia W.,  but I was disappointed in this Pulitzer Price winner.  I expected more.
B00003Q43A|5.0|You've probably seen Independence Day already. So you know what to expect. The special edition DVD has an extra 9 minutes of footage, much of it slightly redundant, but at least it's not like the T2 special edition where  the film's pacing gets affected.  The special features aren't quite as good  as, say, Fight Club's (although I haven't found the Easter Eggs yet), but,  for an audio-visual experience, this is one DVD you've really got to own.  The documentaries are standard promotional stuff (although the  'mockumentary' is quite a cute idea), the trailers are actually  interesting, and the commentary tracks are.....well, make up your own mind.  But buy the DVD, because it's an excellent showpiece disc.
B000031XCR|5.0|Having been a fan of Celine's from the beginning, I often wonder why people speak so disparagingly about her.  My only guess would be is that it is done from a position of jealousy, for even after listening to this CD  over twenty times, I continually marvel at the power of that awesome voice.   That is why she has managed to stay at the top for so long - her talent is  just so amazing and inspiring and she is truly one of God's gifts to music.  Sorry Britney, Christina, Jessica, and Mandy, but in my mind, your talents  (if you have any!) pale in comparison to Celine's.  Only Mariah Carey,  Whitney Houston,and Barbra Streisand are in Celine's kingdom, and I'd even  place their marvellous voices second to Celine's!  I have just one piece of  advice for my fellow reviewers - go and buy this CD now!
6302800420|5.0|Tootsie succeeds on virtually every level: as an all-out laugh fest; as a moving and tender love story; as a drama about a man coming to grips with what he is all about; and as an entertaining backstage comedy, giving us a  wonderfully detailed view behind the footlights in the world of television.   Capping all of the luminous achievements here is Dustin Hoffman's most  gigantic, wholehearted, and expansive role.  His Tootsie (Dorothy Michaels)  is such a rich-blooded and fully developed character that you would swear  she existed outside the body of Michael Dorsey (Dustin's character in the  film).  The journey of one man, who is passionate about his craft -- acting  -- coming to grips with his often unstable love life, and the reasons for  it, is nuanced, clever, inventive and so very funny, filled with superb  performances.  Jessica Lange provides a mysterious and melancholy allure as  Michael's object of affection; Dabney Coleman is perfectly repulsive as a  chauvinist pig (he plays them so well); Bill Murray has some of the movie's  best lines as Michael's grunge room-mate.  Still, Teri Garr emerges above  nearly everyone with her vulnerable, hilarious and utterly truthful  portrayal of a woman clearly in love with her best friend.  Complications  ensue beyond your wildest imagination, and the comic unfolding -- before  your eyes -- of every plot twist is a wonder to behold.  This movie also  makes a heartfelt and delicate statement about the woman and man in all of  us. Though it clearly is set in the late 70s/early 80s, the story and  characters have simply not aged.  This is a classic movie, one to be  cherished.
0316777722|4.0|Although &quot;Me Talk Pretty One Day&quot; is an excellent  collection of stories, it is not Sedaris's best work. However when it's &quot;Holidays on Ice&quot; you're comparing it to, how can it live up to expectation?   Though it does have some truly hilarious stories, check out &quot;You Can't  Kill the Rooster&quot; and &quot;A Shiner Like A Diamond&quot;, the whole  of the book is not nearly as funny as earlier work. For a writer as gifted  as Sedaris, France seems too easy a target and it often falls a little  flat. But when the subject is his wonderfully insane family, the words are  absolute bliss. It is not that this is a bad book, in fact it is a great  book.  But after reading the other work, I have come to expect more and I  know Sedaris can fulfill his readers high expectations.
0375707972|3.0|This book was recommended to me as an &quot;incredible, must read.&quot;  While the story was poignant it did not reach the full maturity that I expected.  There was so much of Hannah that I  felt I didn't know and  wanted to know about.  The prose is lovely and the story, while  complicated, is entirely understandable.  It just stopped short of being  really good.
B000002ITG|5.0|This 3-CD set will make you want to keep playing all the tracks over and over. Absolute great stuff on both cd's. The CD with the interview was excellent as well. A definite buy if you're just starting to like the band  or don't have any CD's of them.
1570428654|5.0|I was laughing out loud as I listened to the audio version of Me Talk Pretty One Day.  Mr. Sedaris' narration adds a vital dimension to this wry, insightful, sarcastic set of stories. I particularly loved hearing his  Billie Holliday impression in the story about his guitar lessons.  His  direct translations of dialogue from French into English were also truly  entertaining.  I highly recommend this book on tape, especially for any  long road-trips.  Just remember to pull off the road if you start laughing  too much.
6305903182|2.0|This is the worst of the scream movies but still has its moments. The story line is somewhat thin but does complete a few loose ends from the other two. Parker Posey has to be the most whiney actress I have ever  witnessed. This movie is worth watching once or twice but not near as good  as the other two. I wont spoil the ending even though I would like to so I  can explain my disgust with it:) Oh well, the dvd is cool none the less(my  local circuit city screwed up and put it on sale a week early) The picture  and sound are great and they finally release a scream movie with some  decent extras. This movie is worth a look due to the fact that it does end  the popular trilogy(or so they say I already have heard about a scream 4  with a new cast) The fact is that these movies make money and they will  make them forever until they dont. I would give this a C- because of its  disappointing ending and the terrible actress Parker Posey. I have seen  other movies by her and she isnt bad there but here she is awful. I guess  that would be my whole review except that I have two beefs about this  trilogy. They should not have killed Randy and the ending of scream 3 is a  major disgrace to the trilogy(yes I know I have said that alot:)
B00004U30D|5.0|i love movies...all kinds...but this one took my heart and made it feel again.  the script, the actions that take place are beyond genious. the paper bag scene was delightful, and kevin spacey is a wonder.
B00003W8NM|5.0|When I went to see Fight Club while it was playing in theaters, I expected a movie that was a little odd, that would have some good fight scenes, and would be embelished by a good soundtrack.  What I got was one of the  strangest films I've ever seen, with a perfectly dark world of  no-holds-barred violence, all set to a perfectly dark, ambient soundtrack  by the Dust Brothers.  From the first few moments of the movie, I was  hooked.<br />Ed Norton fit perfectly into the role of the disaffected yuppy  and Brad Pitt was absolutely amazing as the outspoken and maniacal Tyler  Durden.  The interaction between the two was perfect.  Rarely have I seen  an on screen duo with the chemistry that these two portrayed.<br />The plot to  this film was responsible for making it such a masterpiece.  What would  normally seem ridiculous was made perfectly believable by the end of the  movie.  Things that would normally seem corny or over-the-top seemed  logical, and, at times unavoidable offshoots of the original concept of a  &quot;Fight Club.&quot;  &quot;Fight Club&quot; could easliy have become  overly dark were not for the occasional humor (albeit cynical, morbid, and  even disturbing humor) that was present throughout the film.  Tyler's  wisecracking and satirical outlook, Marla's apathy, and Ed Norton's  character's boy scout from hell morality (running off to save the world in  just his housecoat and boxers) contrasted perfectly.<br />I also have to  mention the cinematography.  From the first scene it was evident that the  director knew how to make this film work.  The boldness of the  cinematography is what makes it so perfect.  It has a cold,  straight-forward approach that is reminiscent of the film's plot.<br />Fight  Club is a haunting masterpiece, a warning against our own material  obsession and our primal pursuit of freedom.  It forces us to accept this  &quot;duality&quot; in our nature, and vividly depicts the eternal  ultimatum of denying or listening to our inner voice and the chilling  results of either choice.
B000002ITG|5.0|This is an excellent collection of some of Zeppelin's best. From 1969-75, it's all here, with the hits such as &quot;Whole Lotta Love,&quot; &quot;Heartbreaker,&quot; &quot;Rock and Roll,&quot; &quot;Stairway to  Heaven,&quot; and my favorite, &quot;Kashmir&quot; all on here. It's a  great set to get if you don't have any Zeppelin CD's or if you haven't  bought the 4-CD box set. A definite buy in my opinion!
B00002Z88D|5.0|I really loved this CD because, well there are many factors, one of these i feel is the power of the orchestra on most of the songs. The only song that it takes a little away is Master of Puppets. Other then that the CD is  great. Between Kirk's great gutars, and James great raspy voice this CD is  all i could have asked for.
B000002ADT|5.0|If your idea of the perfect jazz record is Kenny G's Duotones, then don't bother reading this cause it talks about the REAL thing.<br />Well this is THE jazz album to start off with. I'm sure you've all heard that before, but,  it's quite true. From Freddie Freeloader to All Blues, we are constantly  reminded of what a genius time it was for jazz in that period. Just look at  the all-star  line-up on here, Cannonball, Coltrane, Bill - simply amazing!  This is a disc that everyone has heard before at some point in their life  whether they were aware or not. The saying that this is the most  influential jazz record may be true, I tend to think its the most  rewarding. This re-release version is superb! It contains an alternative  version of &quot;Flamenco Sketches&quot; and original photo package to  boot. the sound is by far the best this recording has ever seen. This is a  recording the word masterpiece is reserved for. An absolute must own!<br />If  this is your first jump into real jazz might I suggest, Cannonball  Adderly's &quot;Somethin Else&quot; or Coltrane's &quot;Love Supreme&quot;,  both make excellent companions to &quot;Kind of Blue&quot;.
B00004T9UF|5.0|I'm not even much of a rap fan, but I have to say... this album is satirical, serious and absolutely hilarious!  The Slim Shady LP is also good, but not as personal or brilliantly explicit.  This is the music that  could kill that Britney Spears garbage.  I could just see all the kids now,  and it makes me cautiously smile.
B000002JS6|5.0|Brian Johnson leaves off where Bon Scott was before his death. This is one of the best CD's of all-time. Rock staples such as &quot;Rock and Roll Ain't Noise Pollution,&quot; &quot;Hells Bells,&quot; &quot;Back in  Black,&quot; and the best hard-rock song of all time, &quot;You Shook Me  All Night Long&quot; are all on this CD. Any rock fan's CD collection is  incomplete without this fabulous CD!
B00003CWQ2|5.0|Theres not one positive message in this movie. Its dark, tense, sufffocating. But the director did it with his heart. As for Norton, nothing is needed to be said. He has come to stay.
B000005S27|5.0|Take That ruled the world and they will do once more. Everyone should buy their cds and they will reform.
B00000ILDF|1.0|The third installment in the Aliens series unravels Ripley's struggle for personal redemption by killing the characters -- Newt &amp; Hicks -- who gave her &quot;Aliens&quot; story focus and resonnance.  This reveals a  deep disrespect for the audience and the concept of a sequel by the  filmmakers.<br />Alien 3 is essentially a black-and-white movie, taking place  in an overwhemlmingly drab castle-like setting, described as a prison.   We're told there are no weapons on the entire planet.  Apparently there are  no light bulbs either.  It's all dark rooms, tunnels and more tunnels.   <br />All the characters wear the same drab clothes and all have shaved heads.   In other words, everyone looks EXACTLY alike.  I couldn't tell them apart.   But, as it turns out, it's not necessary to tell them apart because  they're all just interchangable dialog delivery devices.  Apologies to the  actors, who seem to have tried -- against hopeless odds -- to create actual  characters.<br />The plot, as near as I could discern, involves the interplay  of many symbolic elements: criminals, tunnels, religions, more tunnels,  pregnancy.  Basically the kind of stuff that sounds good late at night,  sitting around a table with your friends, after a few beers.<br />My favorite  &quot;bad&quot; line of dialog, paraphrased: &quot;We'll drown the creature  in molten lead.&quot;<br />Sigourney Weaver and David Fincher chose to make a  movie that ignores the character and plot line of its predecessors.  That's  their artistic priviledge.  My choice is to watch the restored, director's  cut of Aliens, a far superior film.
6303314015|5.0|The Lion King helped rekindle my interest in Disney's animated features.  Though a long time fan of the Disney Company's work in animation, I had become somewhat dissatisfied with Disney's animation after a string of the  likes of mis-hits like &quot;The Rescuers,&quot; &quot;The Rescuers Down  Under,&quot; &quot;The Great Mouse Detective,&quot; and the like.  With the  release of films like &quot;The Little Mermaid,&quot; &quot;Beauty and the  Beast,&quot; &quot;Aladdin,&quot; and &quot;The Lion King&quot; I find  myself once more enjoying Disney's animated features again.<br />The Lion King  boasts a top-notch cast of voice actors, great music, no, make that  fantastic music, starting with the opening number -- clearly inspired by  music of Africa.  There are also endearing characters in the form of Pumba  and Timon, Scar -- the conniving 2nd in line to the throne, majestic King  Mufasa, and the snivelling trio of hyenas.  Oh, Simba was all right, but  his wasn't the character that made the film for me.<br />The story, dealing  with royal succession, could have come straight from the European  continent, and may well have, but it sets up the stage for a great show.   <br />The animation is good, the chracters are likable (or dastardly), and the  whole film comes together exceedingly well.<br />5 stars for an animated  feature.<br />Enjoy!<br />Alan Holyoak
0792839218|5.0|One of Anthony Hopkins first major films where he plays the grief stricken father of a child who was tragically killed in a car accident, burnt to death before she could be rescued.  This is a slow moving film that follows  Hopkins as he tries to convince Marsha Mason that her daughter Ivy is in  fact the reincarnation of his child Audrey Rose.  Despite some terrible  reviews from critics, this is a chilling little film that tries to look at  the concept of reincarnation intelligently whilst at same time maintaining  its momentum as a horror story.  There are some great moments such as the  window episode when Ivy/Audrey Rose relives her attempt to get out of the  burning car.  I kept hearing &quot;HOT HOT HOT&quot; for days after  watching the film, so all credit to then newcomer Susan Swift who played  the reincarnated child Audrey Rose/Ivy. Hopkins and Mason are convincing as  the respective parents of Audrey Rose/Ivy and though the film isn't a  masterpiece of direction and cinematography it is still is a very good  film.  The final scene where Ivy/Audrey Rose is regressed back to her  &quot;first&quot; death is both poignant and heart wrenching.  Not bad for  a film made in 1977 and certainly better than many of its critics have made  out.
B00003CWL6|3.0|ok... I've gone through and read the reviews for this movie, and about 2 per page are negative (as opposed to the other 8 5-stars per page).  For those of you who wrote all of those comments, let me be the first to tell  you something.  American Beauty did a pretty weak job of portraying  American suburbia.  The REAL America is 10times as x-rated as the directors  showed it to be.  To be more precise, I doubt they could have gotten the  real America into theatres (not including the ones that show nothing but  cheap porn at midnight).  Suffering from the same plight as American Pie,  they had to tone it down a bit.  I've had gay neighbors. (didn't like  them.. but they were there, and they didn't jog, but they rode bikes every  afternoon).  I think everyone in the world knows someone who's unhappy with  their marriage now-a-days.  Aside from the disasterous ending, and Lester's  &quot;awakening&quot; (which was meant to be different anyway) I can't  think of one part of this movie that ISN'T part of American life.  <br />The  adult roles were convincing, and cynically humorous, but the  &quot;children&quot; acting was the most amazing.  <br />Keep that in mind  when you read the other reviews.
B000001EEN|3.0|Eric returns but not in full swing...the songs are ok, but Clapton is visibly nervous  and his solos justify it.    1974-1978 were the REAL goldmine years....THAT'S WHEN HE WAS IN FULL FLIGHT.
6303014100|5.0|The TNT production of &quot;Gettysburg&quot; presents a detailed, insightful look into the action and the souls of men like those who fought in this, the bloodiest battle in the history of US military encounters.   <br />The story of the multiple day battle traces the initial movements of the  opposing forces, federal and confederate, the initial skirmishes, and the  desperate battle to hold the high ground -- ground that will eventually  play a telling role in the outcome of this pivotal encounter.  It also  shows the attack of on Little Round Top, and the last-ditch effort of the  Confederates to break the middle of the Union line.  <br />The portrayals of  actual historical figures who played prominent roles in the battle are  outstanding -- though some historians doubt that the bayonette charge down  Little Round Top actually unfolded in such an organized fashion.  <br />This  film clearly shows the devasting ability of modern weapons to take life,  and the insignificant ability we have to preserve it amidst such ferocious  fighting.<br />&quot;Gettysburg&quot; shows the two opposing side's  objectives: 1) to preserve the union, by federal forces; and 2) to preserve  individual rights of choice and self-government (stemming from the question  on slavery) by confederate forces.<br />The casting of main parts is  excellent, and the use of literally thousands of volunteer extras who  regularly participate in Civil War re-enactments makes the movie gel.  The  basis for the movie, the book &quot;The Killer Angels&quot; is an excellent  read, and is a great introduction to the Battle at Gettysburg -- the battle  that was the beginning of the end for the Confederate Army.<br />Great action,  acting, and story!<br />5 stars!<br />Alan Holyoak
0553296981|4.0|Anne Frank is not an amazing writer and doesn't have an IQ of 170 but she is easily shown her feelings on paper through daily events. I personally find it very difficult to write down the daily events and correspond them  to my feelings. Therefore I get low grades in essays and ficitonals and  very high marks in factual. Anne Frank seems to write things that really  make me understand. She lives in her own heaven and yet casts herself  around with feelings of hurt and pain and at her teenage age how she  managed to cope in the secret anex is a mystery to me. One thing that I  quote from the book is this:<br /><br />&quot;A voice within me is sobbing, 'You  see, that's what's become of you. You're surrounded by negative opinions,  dismayed looks and mocking faces, people who dislike you all because you  don't listen to your  better half. Believe me, I'd like to listen, but it  doesn't work because if I'm quiet and serious everyone thinks I'm putting  on a new act and I have to save myself with a joke, and then I'm not even  talking about my family who stuff me with aspirins and sedatives, see if I  have a temperature and berate me for being in a bad mood, until I just  can't keep it up anymore, I get cross, then sad and finally end up turning  my heart inside out, the bad part on the outside and the good part on the  inside and keep trying to find a way to become what I'd like to be and what  I could be if only there were no people in the world.&quot; Isn't that just  really amazing? I felt her words seemed to enwrap me in this soft tissue of  desire and hate for myself.<br /> Please read this. It's a great read.
B00004RF8J|5.0|I love this movie. The music and acting are combined beautifully and Audrey II is more believable than most 'top name' stars. That said, I wish to review the DVD edition:<br />The picture is marvellous with very sharp and  clear images, no distortions of any kind and the stereo sound really blasts  out at you. The extras are very well put together and give some fascinating  trivia about the movie's history and how the plant was created. All in all  this is a great package to show off all your expensive stereo equipment and  big screen TV.
B00003W8NM|5.0|edward norton and brad pitt have never been better! This is definatly a must see movie!
6302797535|5.0|Just an addendum to loungelizard7's great review...  M. Perrier's chauffeur is played by the superb James Cromwell in one of his very first movie roles.  Cromwell is best known for LA Confidential, Babe, The Green  Mile, RKO 281, and The General's Daughter.
1574530011|5.0|I am fourteen years old and I read this book when I was twelve...close to thirteen *smile* and it was an amazing discovery for me. Even the next year when I did a book report on it at thirteen most of my friends pointed out  and commented that their mother's and father's had read the book etc. I  think the fact that this book is a philosophy book really gets on people's  nerves and makes everyone hesitate before letting themselves actually the  pick the book up.  This book should be thought of as a plain, story. It may  be explaining 300years of philosophy and history but it's explained so  vividly and in such an imaginative way that to be honest I really don't  think it's that difficult at all. Of course it gets a little confusing and  because I was young I read it twice before really understanding it. But it  is one amazingly interesting book even away from the fact that it is based  on complex and confusing thoughts and matters of life. You honestly get a  completely different view from it. Most of my friends have read it now at  the age of 14 and they all love it very much. Some find it confusing,  others find it logical for some awkward reason and many others say that  they now have a completely different perspective to life altogether.  It is  one book that you really shouldn't miss out on.
B000002UBU|5.0|American Pie is a CD which should be included in all collecitons.  American Pie is the greatest song with the most meaning beauty that no other song can ever compare.  I have heard Madonna's remake, and it does  this song no justice.  She cut out the best parts, and sung like just  another song, when it is truly so much more.  besides american Pie the  other songs on this CD are just as great.
B00000K19E|5.0|CRAZY is all i can say ~ when i saw the Matrix in the theaters, i thought every aspect was unbeatable - the sound, graphics, action, fighting, cast, and the CRAZY plot ~ the DVD version is a define equal to the theater  experience ~ and much more (jam packed with special features, pictures, and  trailers)- you saw how many MTV movie awards this movie won ~ THEREFORE  this is the ONE to own and treasure for all time !  &quot;But no one can  be told what the Matrix is...you have to see it for yourself...&quot;
0312853238|5.0|Ender, six year old super genious. For the last couple of years the goverment has been testing him and others like him to save earth from ther buggers. the biuggres are another species from other planets which have  tried to invade earth twice alreaady once they were defeated and once they  were victorious. At the next invasion earth will to win or else they will  loose forever. So earth trains there geniouses to be super soldiers in  space combat. With or without gravity, if they out number there enemy  great, if they don't it's too bad. When he starts Ender is six years old,  but he will grow up fast. This is an awesome book and a must read for  everyone.
0684872153|3.0|Many people find this book uplifting and enlightening aswell as upsetting and grave. I found it rather interesting. Although the start was very slow for me on a personal basis I found that I got deeper into the book. I had  to very careful or I'd fall out of place and make myself find the book  boring but luckily I managed to keep a steady hold. You shouldn't get to  into depths with the book and let yourself hover over it at a certain  distance or the book will not cover what it is meant to.  The lives in this  book have been brought back to life so enthusiastically that you feel as if  you're a spirit or presence that doesn't exist-watching the actually scenes  happening. I haven't even watched the movie! Each word in this book is  clear and soft and it is amazingly grand and realistic even the cursing!~ I  gave it three stars because it's got a rough basis and is rather difficult  to get into. The edition that I had had a lot of Irish in it aswell  ...language differences-so I felt that other people unlike myself (I've  lived in the UK most of my life) may find it rather confusing.  But I must  say that each and every expression is welcomed with a nod and smile and  that thought that seems to say, &quot;I SO know what you mean!&quot; and  nod again. It is one book that you can see is from a true life.  Great for  anyone adult looking for a decent read in a different time.
B00004SCX6|1.0|How can anyone in there right mind listen to this without have to scream from the insanity?  First of all, all of Spears' songs sound the same.  They all have the same beat, just with different meaningless words  attached.  Spears' influences all the these young girls, and she's sending  the wrong message to them, even if she isn't trying to.  I find it sad that  people can listen to this and think that this is how things are supposed to  be.
B00001SIES|4.0|Showbiz is a collection of songs which, when written, cover a long time period and it is obvious that all the newer songs on the album (ie Sunburn, Showbiz, Falling Down) are by far the better songs with much more passion  and structure to them. Nevertheless, for a debut album, you won't find one  much better than Showbiz. Sunburn captures you with an excellent blend of  guitars and piano riff, Unintended and Falling Down are slow ballads where  you capture the great variations in Matt Bellamy's astonishingly powerful  voice. Cave and Showbiz are two epic rock songs and Fillip and Overdue are  simple but very catchy stomp alongs. With a voice comparable much more to  Jeff Buckley than Thom Yorke, backed with incredibly catchy riffs and meaty  basslines(all kind of influences from the Deftones to tango and Nirvana to  spanish guitar licks) , this album is unique despite all the Radiohead  comparisons. However, if you are not convinced, the simple answer is to see  them perform. They are simply awesome. Much more passion than Radiohead and  much much heavier! Their record does not really do them any justice but as  all their new songs go, they can only get better and better and a new album  is much anticipated to be a masterpiece which will not only provide a  variety of delicate ballads and huge epic rock songs but also capture the  power of their live performances.
B00000K3UR|5.0|IF you really want to find a good movie to watch you must see Big Daddy. If it feels good to laugh, turn this in and you'll be laughing every 5 minutes. A MUST!
B0000009SY|5.0|Joe's Garage is FZ's masterpiece. The title cut is  classic Zappa: Great lyrics and surprise musicial style changes. Mere words can't describe Watermelon, just listen to it. The music is addictive and the storyline is  both hilarious and thought-provoking. FZ was ahead of his time in many ways  (Including using sexually graphic lyrics).
B00004TL21|4.0|this is another good record by a great band, not as heavy or violent as their past 2 releases but there is material on here that will please the old  emo-core fans and material that requires open minds, every track  almost except for one has heavy guitars, Deftones didnt sell out they just  kept going at their old pace with an experiment here or there. Favorite  tracks: Elite, Knife Party, Korea and Feleitceira.
B00001SIES|4.0|Showbiz is a collection of songs which, when written, cover a long time period and it is obvious that all the newer songs on the album (ie Sunburn, Showbiz, Falling Down) are by far the better songs with much more passion  and structure to them. Nevertheless, for a debut album, you won't find one  much better than Showbiz. Sunburn captures you with an excellent blend of  guitars and piano riff, Unintended and Falling Down are slow ballads where  you capture the great variations in Matt Bellamy's astonishingly powerful  voice. Cave and Showbiz are two epic rock songs and Fillip and Overdue are  simple but very catchy stomp alongs. With a voice comparable much more to  Jeff Buckley than Thom Yorke, backed with incredibly catchy riffs and meaty  basslines(all kind of influences from the Deftones to tango and Nirvana to  spanish guitar licks) , this album is unique despite all the Radiohead  comparisons. However, if you are not convinced, the simple answer is to see  them perform. They are simply awesome. Much more passion than Radiohead and  much much heavier! Their record does not really do them any justice but as  all their new songs go, they can only get better and better and a new album  is much anticipated to be a masterpiece which will not only provide a  variety of delicate ballads and huge epic rock songs but also capture the  power of their live performances.
B000000WF0|5.0|Urban Hymns blew me away the first time I listened to it. You will feel some kind of emotion with every song you listen to.
B00003Q43A|5.0|I just got this dvd and finally got through all the materials included on this dvd, and all I have to say is wow! There is so much packed into 2 discs its crazy. First off, I really love this movie to begin with, so this  set is for any ID4 fan. On disc one there is a special edition of this  movie with about 9 minutes of additional footage, although it actually  seems like a lot less. Nothing major added, just some addition to add to  the scene development. It also has the original theatrical release on disc  one if you want to watch that. The second disc is packed with suppliments.  My favorite was seeing an alternate ending using the biplane, it was quite  funny and i'm a little surprised they didnt stick with that one. There is  also a neat hidden easter egg on this disc which most people will likely  miss. Goto the Data Console, then highlight main menu, then press the right  arrow key to highlight the red LED on the computer and press enter. The  spaceship in the background will start to move, once it lets you, quickly  go back to the main menu and press 7 then 4 and enter and it will kick you  inside the ship where it has a lot of cool extra features.<br />All in all  this is a great dvd, the 3d menus are very similar to The Abyss SE Dvd,  which i also loved. If you own a dvd player, get this now! :)
B00004SST6|5.0|I think George Benson is one of the most prolific musicians in the jazz world today.  He has such a creative style that is not duplicated by any other musician.  To simply put it, he's one of the best.  For those of you  who really like smooth jazz, this CD is for you.  Pick this one up and you  won't stop listening or be dissatisfied.  It is well worth the money to  hear such an eloquent flow of rhythmic harmony coming from the human voice.   Definitely five-star music.
B000002KH3|5.0|By 1978, disco and punk had done quite a number on the more established acts such as Led Zeppelin and Elton John.  In stepped this party band from Pasadena, California, and the world of rock guitar was never the same  again.<br />Edward Van Halen was initially trained to be a concert pianist,  and his training certainly helped him as a guitarist in terms of speed and  agility.  The proof of that lies with Eddie's a cappella guitar wank-off  &quot;Eruption&quot;, where his two handed tapping of arpeggios and his  classically slanted voice-leading of these arpeggios, whammy bar dive bombs  and squeals, and tremolo picking dazzled and inspired countless kids to  pick up the guitar.  Other guitarists have tried to top this piece, but  each has fallen short. <br />Van Halen wasn't just about Ed, however.  David  Lee Roth remains the best frontman the band has ever had (or ever will  have), and the Alex Van Halen/Michael Anthony rhythm section is rock solid.    The vocal harmonies of Ed and Anthony are awesome, as &quot;Feel Your  Love Tonight&quot; and &quot;I'm The One&quot; demonstrate.  Van Halen's  version of &quot;You Really Got Me&quot; remains a classic to this day, as  does their version of John Brim's &quot;Ice Cream Man&quot;. Ed's runs on  these two songs (especially &quot;Ice Cream Man&quot;) are insane.  He  could lay back and be melodic, though.  &quot;Running With The Devil&quot;  and &quot;Little Dreamer&quot; are excellent examples of Ed's lyricism, as  is &quot;Ain't Talking About Love&quot;, which remains as a crowd pleaser  to this day.  <br />&quot;I'm The One&quot; is the first of many hyper-speed  boogies the band has recorded and remains the best of the lot.   &quot;Atomic Punk&quot; and &quot;On Fire&quot; are examples of straight  ahead rockers, where a riff is introduced and brought back during the  verses. The lead on &quot;On Fire&quot; is worthy of note because it is a  one take solo that Ed completely improvised on the spot without having any  idea on how to approach it.<br />&quot;Van Halen&quot;, along with &quot;Led  Zeppelin&quot; and &quot;Boston&quot; remains one of the finest debut  albums ever and is essential listening for any rock fan or guitarist.
B000002J1U|5.0|Page`s unrivalled ability as a rock &amp; blues guitarist with Plant`s raw vocals,Jone`s bass/organ playing,and Bonham`s drumming make for a classic Zeppelin album,in my opinion. The opener-`Immigrant song`,is a great  introduction and an example of Page`s ability as a rock guitarist.It is  followed by 2 similar efforts in `friends`and `celebration day`.Then comes  a welcome change of pace-the bluesy `Since i`ve been loving you`is a chance  for Page and Jones to show their talents as blues soloists on guitar and  organ respectively,and is complimented with Plant`s inspired vocals.A  return to the compulsory rock riff intro. ensues in the form of`out on the  tiles`. After this,the album takes an unexpectedly mellow twist with soft  rock no`s such as `Gallows Pole`, mouth organ,tobacco chewing southern  blues efforts such as `bron-y-aur stomp`and `hats off to harper`.Even an  experimental country twang is added in `tangerine`. As my first zeppelin  album (an old scratched vinyl found buried at the bottom of my mum`s record  collection) ,this will always be special for me as it introduced me to one  of rock`n roll greatest band.I would recommend this to anyone remotely  interested in rock or blues.
B0000041Q3|4.0|Allthough I don't regard Turandot as Puccini's best Opera, it certainly has many very beautiful moments!<br />Now, about this recording,I find it very satisfactory.I entirely dissagree that Sutherland and Caballe should have  switched roles!How could Sutherland have given us a better Liu than the one  Caballe has. Her performance at &quot;signore ascolta&quot; for instance is  simply superb! Such performances make her one of the BEST SOPRANOS of the  century! Sutherland ideal for the role of Turandot (bolth woman and Icy  princess). As for Pavarotti there is no doubt that he is among the best  Calafs ever!In comparison to the Nilson/Bjorling set , I find  Bjorling/Tebaldi equal to Pavarotti/Caballe, but Sutherland slightly better  than Nilson.<br />On  the whole,(the Suth/Pav set) a MORE FAMOUS recording od  Turandot that's WORTH BYING!
B00002MZ2C|5.0|Bold and powerful musice from a band that doesn't stop.  Strong lyrics are paired with astounding music on this electric work by Rage Against the Machine.  This CD is will night disappoint and I encourage you listen to  each song with your heart and mind.
B00004TL21|5.0|This isn't the best Deftones cd, but it's really good.
B000002OVJ|5.0|If you only get to own one WHO record, and you like hard rock, this is the one.  The original tape (in the 70s) offered a glimpse of some good songs, but the sound quality of the tape was very poor. The first CD remaster  brought the original 8 songs alive, and was a well done &quot;best of&quot;  the concert.  This is the entire concert.  About half way through Townshend  goes nuts, and delivers some of his very best work.  This version of  &quot;Magic Bus&quot; is amazing.  This live material is one of the very  best live recordings and rivals &quot;Frampton Comes Alive&quot; as a live  performance that sounds better than the studio cut.
B00003XB8K|5.0|Enigma keeps getting better. I wish they would come out with music more often! This is one great CD. I think it's their best to date!
0441172717|5.0|Frank Herbert's Dune is, without a doubt, a must read in every sense of the term.  It is on the same level as Tolkein's &quot;The Hobbit&quot;.  Without writing a book reort, let it be enough to say that when you step  back and consider the depth and intricancies Herbert created, it's simply  mind boggling.<br />There is something in this book for everyone, from action  to philosophy to political intrigue.<br />I wish I could give it more stars!
B00004TL21|5.0|This cd is the most amazing cd yet of the year 2000, Deftones are great, this is even better than the old stuff(never thought I'd say that).
B00003CWQ2|4.0|This is a definetely a movie for men. It is 100% pure testosterone, blending unmerciful and horrific violence with nihilistic conviction. It is also a sardonic look at the American society and the mechanical agendas we  keep day in and day out, working towards our ultimate goal which is the  immortal sin: materialism. Fight Club not only scoffs at our civilization,  but it forces us to envision a totalitarian society in which we live only  for self-destruction and elimination of order. Pure anarchy and  unadulterated rage. What could be more fun?<br />Even though I'm a woman and  this film literally slanders the female counterpart, I was able to look  past that to see that the story does make a significant and amusing point  in all its glorified madness.<br />&quot;The things you own end up owning  you&quot; is a pitiful but inevitable statement made by the prime minister  of chaos himself, Tyler Durden (Brad Pitt). He explains in so many words  throughout the scattered scenes that we are but mindless consumers drowning  in the money-minded occupancy of our twisted souls, and that in truth we  are nothing more than living, breathing shells all bound by the same  animalistic natures. Soon after the foundation of Fight Club is created, a  nationwide following ensues and Tyler's steadfast minions devise a plan to  annihilate all major credit card companies and all records pertaining,  setting the world's infinite circle of debt back to zero.<br />Following two  steps behind is a soft-spoken victim of society, nameless and  impressionable. He appears to be Tyler's right-hand man and develops his  killer instinct for rebellion and rage. You soon learn that this  &quot;Jack&quot; is the one behind it all, Tyler Durden the resulting  fabrication of his sudden and inexplicable epiphany.<br />The camera work is  creative, flashy and strewn all over the place, the story moving with the  emotional adrenalin of its characters. This could be classified as an  action flick, but it doesn't contain even half the eye-candy car  crash/fire/explosion exhibitions that normal action movies are saturated  in. Fight Club packs the punch with its corrupt ideals and frenzied  motivation, making it a unique classification for the action genre.<br />None  other than David Fincher could have done the movie justice with its dark,  surrealistic mood and spectacular performances from its leading men. He  seems to get the best out of Brad Pitt, whom I, for quite some time,  considered a very mediocre actor and at best just another pretty face.  Edward Norton barely needs guidance here, the perfect picture of the  unassuming and compliant citizen turned masochistic and vengeful mutineer.  As for Helena Bonham Carter, she's an endearing attachment, but more than  anything she's a fifth wheel. The movie could've been done without her and  not much would've changed except for the exaggerated sex scenes, which were  mostly added for humor anyway.<br />If you're looking for a movie that has an  acerbic approach and a wild streak like you've never seen, a movie that  makes you question the way you live and how you think, then head in the  direction of Chuck Palaniuhk's convulted tale. Your hopes will more than be  met.it doesn't contain even half the eye-candy car  crash/fire/explosion exhibitions that normal action movies are saturated  in. Fight Club packs the punch with its corrupt ideals and frenzied  motivation, making it a unique classification for the action genre. <br />None  other than David Fincher could have done the movie justice with its dark,  surrealistic mood and spectacular performances from its leading men. He  seems to get the best out of Brad Pitt, whom I, for quite some time,  considered a very mediocre actor and at best just another pretty face.  Edward Norton barely needs guidance here, the perfect picture of the  unassuming and compliant citizen turned masochistic and vengeful mutineer.  As for Helena Bonham Carter, she's an endearing attachment, but more than  anything she's a fifth wheel. The movie could've been done without her and  not much would've changed except for the exaggerated sex scenes, which were  mostly added for humor anyway. <br />If you're looking for a movie that has an  acerbic approach and a wild streak like you've never seen, a movie that  makes you question the way you live and how you think, then head in the  direction of Chuck Palaniuhk's convulted tale. Your hopes will more than be  met.
B000000993|5.0|Tool are an amazing band.  Them and Rage are some of the most forward thinking bands out there.  While Undertow is not my favorite album (that distinction belongs to Aenima) this album is still better than most out  there.  Adam is a guitar god (he and Rage's Tom Morrello used to play  together.)  and the bass is more distinct.  Maynard sings like no other in  the area of &quot;just scream&quot; music.  He actually sings (not just  some pseudo growl like some metal singers.)  Tool do for religion what Rage  do for politics.  The intro to Sober is one of the creepiest things ever  put to wax.  And when Maynard and Henry Rollins' voices merge in Bottom  it's like a bodyshot.  And of cource no Tool album would be complete  without stricking and distubing art (just check out the cow) and the bands  perverse sense of humor (best seen in Disgustipated)
B00000JXZ7|4.0|As for the Mendelssohn concerto: overall, a lovely recording with plenty of songful charm. But the violin is too forwardly placed, so that the orchestra sounds too diminutive in comparison. That is a matter of taste of  course. I like her virtuoso, effortless grace, but she does rush some of  the passages a bit. Not perfect enough to be a primary recommendation or an  essential recording. Dutoit's accompaniment is superb, even if it doesn't  sound loud enough. By the way, the Mendelssohn is a digital recording from  the early 80's, and the 1972 on the CD cover refers to the Bruch  concerto.<br />As for the Bruch: the violin is also a little forwardly placed,  but she does play with a sense of poetic grace that endears this recording  to listeners' hearts.
B00004SCX6|5.0|This is the first and only Britney Spears Album that I've ever liked even a little.  I love every song on it.  Dear Diary is so unbelievably phat.  That girl sure has song writing and dancing talent.  A complement like this  coming from a hard core rap and hip hop listener like me should say  something.  You go girl ...don't ever let those jealous anti-Britney Spears  people get you down ...you have to many things to feel good about and to  much support to go down that road
0967984602|5.0|This is a wonderful, hands-on, inspirational book with simple, clear, fun, illustrated (very important) instructions on how to create a sculptured mud and straw outdoor bread-baking oven. It is perfect for my family  celebrations such as: Thanksgiving turkey, Christmas bread, and all of my  other baking adventures. I was pleased to discover the roots of this  century tested simple solution to baking outdoors. Thank you so much for  this important addition to my life.
B00001OH7T|5.0|if not the BEST!  Fame, and others provide nice beats and Young Americans (the part after President Nixon) always moves me. This and Aladdin Sane are my two FAVORITES.
0316777722|5.0|I was lucky to hear Mr. Sedaris read excerpts from this book on a visit to Milwaukee as he was writing this book.  I also hear him from time to time on \\"This American Life\\" I find him to be one of the funniest authors of our  time. I think I know how he would feel about being called \\"the gay Dave  Berry of our time\\", so I won't.  I had the opportunity to have a cigarette  with him when he was here.  I asked him why he moved to France and he said,  \\"Because I can smoke EVERYWHERE\\"!  Thank God for David Sedaris, I laugh  myself to sleep every night. More  More  Please Mr. Sedaris, MORE
B000002H5I|3.0|I found two different Tracy Chapmans on this debut. One is a melodic storyteller with a throaty and deep voiced folk delivery. Her songs of urban life are touching, grim and harsh (Fast Car, Baby Can I Hold You, For  My Lover). 'Fast Car' is an updated version of Bruce Springsteen's 'Born To  Run.' The song is inspiring but also heartbreaking: a tale of escape from a  dead end life in the inner city. 'Baby Can I Hold You' sorrowfully covers  the &quot;guy takes advantage of the girl&quot; relationship. Tracy is able  to define love in the simplest of terms (For You): a focused ballad of a  complicated subject. Her intimate songs of love and despair are tender and  heartfelt.<br />On the other side of the coin, there is the political Tracy  (Talkin' Bout A Revolution, Across The Lines). She has either fixed her  ideology somewhere between Lenin and Mao, or she's terribly naive.  &quot;Poor people are going to rise up and get their share and take what is  theirs&quot; from 'Talkin' Bout A Revolution.' Oh really. Not your typical  &quot;We've got to take care of the poor&quot; liberal view - sounds closer  to anarchy. This sort of Robin Hood foolishness may be suitable for college  kids, not working adults. 'Why?' is another example of childish political  gibberish: &quot;Why are the missiles called peace keepers when they're  aimed to kill?&quot; Duh. Kuwait didn't have any peace keepers, and look at  the fix they were in.<br />Tracy's songs of relationships and love are tender  and moving. But when she's in bed with Lenin and Mao, the result is naive  and corny. Tracy, the next time you write about inner city politics, how  about &quot;poor people are going to rise up and go get a  job.&quot;<br />Technical note: The sound quality of this DDD recording is  immaculate.
B000000H4V|3.0|Well, I have some good and some bad opinions about Chaos AD.  Starting with the bad, Sepultura got a lot slower on this album.  I'm sorry, but this is not thrash.  If Sepultura sold out during the past 15 years or so,  this is where it happened.       On another note, there's some cool tracks  on this album.  It's not what I would have expected from my favorite thrash  band, but songs like Refuse/Resist, Territory, and Nomad proved that the  maimed carcass of Sepultura was still kicking.  While Andreas' guitar work  on albums like Schitzaphrenia definatly out do the display on Chaos AD, he  still puts down some nice solos.  Max's voice gets a lot chunkier on this  album.       For the record, Sepultura did not add a new &quot;tribal&quot;  element to this album.  The unique percussion that has always been there  comes from Igors irregular tom set.       Anyway, this really isn't a bad  album, but again, not what I expeced as the follow-up to the awesome Arise.
B00002E23E|5.0|Non-lovers of Zeppelin(if there are any) will not like this one.This is for fans only so if you don't like Led then don't gripe about this one(it is like if you don't vote you have got no right to gripe!).
B00000J0O2|4.0|Okay, my printer, a Hewlett-Packard LaserJet 5L, is not great.  Despite mechanical problems, it prints well.  Crooked, maybe, but otherwise well.  Using the real HP toner makes a difference.  The greys are more even, fine  lines are crisper.  I tried two versions of recycled cartridges and the  results were immediately noticeable.  Amazon has a great price on the real  ones, so it is worth it to stick with them.
6300181286|5.0|I was so glad that Universal re-released this one and included the restored footage(Henry F. claiming &quot;Now I know what it feels like to be God!Scene involving the monster throwing little Maria into the lake is  chilling and probably was even more so in 1931!).      There is a good cast  here(Clive as the tormented Dr.,Sloan as his mentor, who again as he did in  other films of the genre, says &quot;We must destroy it! &quot; John Boles,  beautiful Mae Clarke, and of course Karloff).There is a creaky atmoshpere  of gothic proportions that was even improved on in the superior sequel(and  you know the one I mean!). It is easy to tell at times that some of the  &quot;outdoor&quot; scenes were done in the studio, but why carp?One of the  most chilling sequences is where the grieving father carries the dangling  body of little Maria to the Burgomaster(Lionel Belmore-who later appeared  in Son of Frankenstein and Ghost of)to demand that justice be done!Kudos to  set designer on this one as the set pieces are simply beautiful from the  elegant gothic home of the Frankensteins to the abandoned old watchtower of  Dr. Frank!
158234082X|3.0|This is a selection anyone would find compelling to read and enjoy as summer reading. Sitting on the beach you can imagine the experiences that began for the &quot;worldly&quot; dishwasher in a Summer job on Cape Cod.  You'll laugh out loud at some of the stories, and you are likely to feel  the goosebumps rise when you learn some of the battle stories from behind  the kitchen doors.<br />Everything from recycled bread to pricey butter, and  shellfish I'll never order out again(Mussels) are part of this multifaceted  book. When reading his prose you will likely have difficulty with the  limited vocabulary and his reliance on vernacular to &quot;beef up&quot;  (excuse the pun) the drama of already great stories. That really is the  only flaw, and it doesn't detract from the expertise so much as provide a  bit of an illustration.<br />Many times I have read sections aloud to friends,  watching their reactions. The language could be toned down without hurting  the stories. <br />From the Cape to Europe to the CIA (not the spies...the  chefs!) this is one of those books you'll talk about over drinks while you  contemplate the specials at your favorite summer dining spot. Pass the book  on to a friend.<br />Nice reading.
630281474X|5.0|Horror of Dracula, Revenge Of Frankenstein, and Hound of the Baskervilles are the best 3 in all of Hammer!This one is on target from start to finish. It is superior to Dracula(31)!Christopher Lee is the best Dracula  ever(better than Lugosi,Carradine,Langella,and Oldman put together).I love  all the stake-drivings in this one!The finale is awesome(Lee's Dracula vs.  Cushing's Van Helsing!).Sequel(Prince of Darkness) is solid, but cannot  come close to the genius of this superior Hammer production.
0425170349|4.0|I've read all of Clancy's Ryan/Clark books, and this one stacks up pretty well.  Definitely better than the boring &quot;Debt of Honor&quot; and the awful aren't-we-just-perfect &quot;Executive Orders&quot;.  R6 is  fast-paced and interesting, with a manageable dose of the macho posturing  that was so overbearing in EO.  Some pretty neat plot twists, though not on  the scale of Red October or Sum of All Fears.  Definitely worth reading.
B000002U82|4.0|Okay, okay, enough already. DSOTM is a terrific album, but for god's sake it is not the only Floyd album out there!I remember in high school(back in the early 80s)everyone was practically issued this one and hyped it up  something fierce.True Floyd fans know that there is so much more out  there(no pun intended).      I don't mean to be so hateful or sarcastic,  but I am using that to get my message across to fair weather Floyd fans who  hype DSOTM up like it is the greatest thing since sliced bread.I urge these  fans to check out some of the rarities, the rare live imports, the Barrett  years, the Waters conceptual albums like Animals, final cut,(no I am not  going to say The Wall-that goes without saying even though I said it  anyway!).      Strong points of DSOTM(now to be positive about the title in  question)is Brain Damage and Eclipse. The engineering was done(and it  shows) by Alan Parsons who also collaborated with the boys for Atom Heart  Mother(When I was in HS, I used to always get mixed up and refer to that  one as ATOMIC MOTHER!)Time kicks as well!
0805062971|5.0|For once, the book and movie actually complement each other. They both need to be experienced in oder to get the whole picture. Chuck is a fantastic writer (Survivor rocks) and this book needs, I repeat NEEDS, to  be read and experienced...
B000002U9Y|5.0|I don't know what it is about Saucerfull, but it has always deserved a special place in my Floyd archives. Corporal Klegg is an enjoyable tune that is true-Waters style psychedlia.Title track is actually better when  the Floyd perform live, but why carp(still rocks).Remember A Day is  Wright's best!Jugband Blues is a haunting track that concludes this one.
B000021Y77|5.0|Wow... this is less like watching a movie than it is experiencing a movie.... This is one not to be missed! and the DVD rocks, with the choice for subtitled or dubbed... this is what DVD is great for, everyone is happy  with one edition... buy this DVD today!
B000002U9W|5.0|Alan Parsons served as the engineer for this one and what a collaboration.Title track is an Echoes-like symphonic masterpiece.Side 2 includes 3 individual efforts by Waters, Wright, and Gilmour respectively.  If is almost all acoustic guitar. Summer '68 is one of Wright's best(I wish  he had more vocals on more albums, but his keyboarding is awesome), Fat Old  Sun is true Gilmour(sound effects in this one can be heard on the Division  Bell).Alan's Psychedelic Breakfast is divided into 3 parts(2nd part is  best!).If you have the LP the dripping sound effect continues on into the  blank grooves!(I wonder how they did that?)
B00000IOSU|2.0|I was disapointed in this product. This is the first CD I have ever purchased from this artist and felt the bit short changed.
B00000JPHD|4.0|The only reason I give this one 4 instead of 5 is the addition of the score. The music, at times, seems to drown out the dialouge. The music, also, does not fit(it does not sound as if it was done in the 30s and that  is what they should have strived for).I wished Universal(as long as they  were going to add music) had incorporated the stock music that they had  included for films like The Raven, The Black Cat, and Werewolf of  London.Really, Universal should not have put in any music.I hope they don't  do this to Frankenstein(1931)!
B00000JGHM|3.0|When I finished watching Heat, I was left asking myself, So who's the tougher wiseguy? Al Pacino or Robert DeNiro? I think that if Al Pacino and Robert DeNiro are gonna be in the same movie at all, they should both be  bad guys. I would've like the movie Heat more if it was about the showdown  between two rival crimelords, Pacino and DeNiro. But no, Heat is a cops and  robbers movie. Cop Al Pacino and robber Robert DeNiro are so dedicated to  their proffession that they both become tragic figures. And there are  suppose to be life lessons to be learned and all. Booring. One part in the  movie I particularly enjoyed was the shooting scene after the bank robbery.  The calmness is abruptly halted when shots rang out downtown, and you can  hear the echoes trailing down the blocks. Then you hear the panicking crowd  of bystanders and the police sirens. In less than a minute there's an urban  warzone, with shots firing from automatic weapons and glass shattering. The  DVD sound really plants you right amidst the crossfire. If you have a DVD  player, and you're gonna Heat, get the DVD version so you can experience  this rush.
B000002C1V|5.0|Anti-war message conceptual album from the mind of Roger Waters.From start to finish this one stands the test of time. The Gunner's Dream is my fave. The haunting &quot;your possible pasts&quot; is extraordinary work. Album  concludes with the gem Two Suns in the Sunset.      It is interesting to  point out that for an anti-war album, Not Now John seems like a xenophobic  Brittiania rules tune.Final Cut is brilliant.
B000002WYT|5.0|this cd is the perfect introduction to the dave matthews band. from radio friendly hits like &quot;so much to say&quot;, &quot;too much&quot;, and &quot;crash into me&quot; to hidden gems like &quot;two step&quot; and  &quot;lie in our graves&quot;, this cd is simply wonderful (i balk at using  the term masterpiece, but it comes pretty close).<br />if you have heard dave  matthews band on the radio, and like what you hear, i would recommend that  you buy it -- it is a solidly good album. it makes an excellent beginning  to becoming a dmb fan for life.
B000002UA0|4.0|Piper is pure Syd psychedelia. Screeching guitar chords, and songs about Gnomes,Scarecrows,Unicorns highlight this early Floyd masterpiece.As good of an album as this is,however,I have always been more of a fan of Floyd's  long experimental type cuts(ECHOES, ATOM HEART MOTHER, SAUCERFULL OF  SECRETS,etc.)Favorite lyric from this one is&quot;that cat's something I  can't explain.......&quot;
0767903854|4.0|The first Bryson book I ever picked up was Neither Here Nor There and I've been a Bryson evangelist ever since (I fact, I'm personally responsible for 30% of his current sales and would appreciate a cheque as soon as you can,  Bill). This new one (which the Europeans know under its alternate title  Down Under) is a fine travel book and a good read. But unlike previous  efforts it's not laugh out loud funny. That plus an over-reliance on retold  stories from history mean I won't be running out, grabbing perfect  strangers by the arm and pleading with them to read this book. So while I'd  reccomend this one to any Bryson fan, it's not going to knock Neither Here  Nor There off my &quot;stranded on desert island with just one book&quot;  list. Plus I'd like to know why the Europeans get another cool David Cook  cover while we have to put up with a stock photo of a kangaroo and a really  crummy cover design.
B000002C1W|3.0|This album merits 3 stars istead of 1 beacuse there are about 3 strong tracks(Learning to Fly,On the Turning Away, One Slip)that kick otherwise this album is a disaster. It lacks the conceptual style of Waters. It lacks  the lyrics that Waters could have given to this album. Yes, I am biased  towards Waters because he is the best part of The Floyd. Without Waters,  the circle is broken(for example, only 3 contributed to the final  cut(wright was absent), but Waters was there and that album was  magnifique.Momentary Lapse is too &quot;top 40 solid gold type&quot; to be  true Floyd.(Division Bell was about the same, but comparitively better than  Momentary Lapse)
0060977493|4.0|It is not English; it is not any language that has a comforting recognizable name. Yet you have heard and spoken it somewhere someday...and it comes back to you in snatches in those fractionally resurrected memories  of childhood dreams and nightmares; fears and imaginings. Somebody asked me  how I liked the book. I was stumped. How does one describe one's response  to a book like this? That one enjoyed reading it? I, for one, feel bizarre  saying something like that. All I can say is that I felt an unnamed sadness  seeping through my bones as I read it, that left me so empty with longing  when I finally finsihed it and had to get back to my own life. I left part  of me in Ayamenem.
B000002UA2|4.0|There are enough cuts on this film soundtrack album(La Vallee) to justify it a higher rating than that other soundtrack they did(MORE).Title track kicks, Mudmen is awesome, Free Four is reminiscent of the Barret days.Stay  is a light, mellow tune.Some people complain about Absolutely Curtains, but  this one is trippy.
B00003CWN3|5.0|Boys Don't Cry is a powerful movie.  I personally was seriously depressed for days after watching it.  Kimberly Pierce does a great job of making you feel sympathy for the main characters. What I enjoyed about this movie is  that it is not a  preachy film aimed at hyping transgenderism,  but more of  tragic love story about unconditional love.  It's a very powerful  dramatization based on actual events. After reading the book &quot;All She  Wanted&quot; and watching the documentary &quot;The Brandon Teena  Story&quot; I can say the real story is very muddled and know one seems to  be sure exactly what happened. The movie is more black &amp; white.  I  think Kimberly Pierce wanted to keep viewer's sympathetic towards Brandon  and Lana. I prefer &quot;Boys Don't Cry&quot; to the book or documentary,   because it leaves no questions unanswered. Questions as to who was involved  with what. What you have is a heart-wrenching movie that stay's with you.  Alot of that is do to the acting.  I've read review's that people have  written actually criticizing Hilary Swank's performance.  Well I'll tell  you they're wrong.  Swank's performance is amazing.  She deserved every  award she got,  and her performance is one the reasons this movie is so  powerful. The only complaint I have about Swank is that she just a little  to pretty and feminine in her appearance, nonetheless I could not see  anyone else in this role.  Actually all the acting is incredible. The movie  is very well done.
B00002E285|5.0|Awesome visual and auditory experience(especially for Floyd fans).So many people have tried to analyze this?(Why?What does the wall mean?What is that?What are those?)My answer is DON'T ANALYZE THE DARN THING,JUST GRAB A  BREW SIT BACK AND TURN UP THE SURROUND SOUND AND ENJOY!THE WALL KICKS!
B00000IL1K|5.0|Sarah Brightman is certainly one of the most flexible artists of today.  This CD ranges from Techno/Pop (Eden) to Opera (Only An Ocean Away).  I'm not normally fond of Opera but Sarah's voice sets it off as simply put,  extrordinary.  The whole CD is good which is very rare among today's  musicians.  I love this CD and listen to it every day.
B000024D4R|5.0|This is my kind of Floyd because it has what they do best(long conceptual experimental tracks akin to progressive rock ie,DOGS).Animals is best Floyd of the '70s.
B0000000LI|4.0|With the excitement of a live KISS album, He burns through a live set that can only be compared to an early Judas Priest.  Which is ironic because one of His surprise guest vocalists is none other than Rob Halford.  <br />Great  live performance and glad that he decided to leave the Scorpions and embark  on his solo career.  The only down side is that his popular cover of  Twisted Sister's &quot;We're not gonna take it&quot; is not included.   Bummer.
B000002U8G|5.0|ECHOES(need I say more?)makes this one better than DSOTM. One of These Days kicks as does Fearless.Pillow of Winds, Seamus, and San Tropez are weak cuts, but Due to the fact that ECHOES is so cool, Meddle is better  than DSOTM.
0800128052|4.0|Rudy will always have a special place in my heart.  It was filmed during my junior year at Notre Dame, and I was honored to be amongst the many extras in the film.  I've often been asked why I went to Notre Dame, and  it's always hard for me to put it into words.  David Anspaugh has done it  for me. With Rudy, he was able to caputre the beauty of Notre Dame, from  its scenery all the way down to the philosophy it teaches.  Sean Astin does  a good job of sharing with the world what it means to be a part of the  family of the Fighting Irish.  But, honestly, Rudy isn't about football nor  is it about Notre Dame.  I think Charles Dutton's character said it best  &quot;In this life, you don't have to prove nothin' to nobody but  yourself.&quot;
B000002UA5|4.0|The four live tracks(I love the album cover photo of the band with all their equipment layed out on the road!) are excellent,especially Saucerfull of Secrets and Astronomy Domine.Other half of this album was an experiment,  in which each bandmember contributed.Mason's track(Grand Vizier's Garden  Party is pretty weak, but it is interesting) begins with flute and then  descends into drumming hell. Narrow Way gets better when vocals start. I  swear that some of Wright's Sysyphus was used in Apocalypse Now! Water's 2  cuts are sufficent(one of them made it into the WORKS ALBUM).
B00000DHRZ|2.0|I bought americana around the time it came out. I listened to it for a while and I really liked it but after 6 months I got smash and then ixnay right after it. I liked those so much I stopped listining to americana  because I realized that americana was pop music. Sometimes I still listen  to americana because some songs are good, thats why i gave it 2 stars. I  just ordered Ignition and I hope its good. And will someone please tell the  offspring to go back to the way they used to be.
6305263248|2.0|Oh man, this is a terrible movie.<br />So its not like your usual Hollywood formula lets blow stuff up and put beer in the dog's water bowl shoot 10 million people every single day action flick. Its still lame.<br />I mean, um,  well its a boring movie. Really. Great cast, bad script.<br />The car chases,  while half-way realistic are pretty dang boring. I can't find any other  words to describe this film but boring. <br />Its basicly Mission Impossible  trying to be Mad Max. If you want a really beyond Hollywood action flick  check out Fallen Angels.<br />Good DVD, packed with good stuff, if your a fan  of this film pick it up. If not, why are you here?
B0000000LI|1.0|You either love him or hate him.  I hate him.  If I had his audacity and looks and could rename myself to something exotic, I could also produce shamless juvenile shlock.  I would take meaningless riffs and over-project  them with a self-important misplaced romanticsm creating non-musical  illusions to mediocrity.  Salieri is not the patron saint of mediocrities,  John is.
B000000OTY|5.0|I'm not crazy about live albums but this is an alltime classic. I say this because my two top favourite Peter Gabriel songs sound much better here than in their studio versions: Come Talk To Me and Blood Of Eden. There's  more passion and more excitement here, I just go wild when I hear the  choral break in the middle of Come Talk To Me, it's a truly transcendent  experience. All the other tracks are great too, and just at random I can  mention Shaking The Tree, Secret World and In Your Eyes. I recommend his  album to all lovers of serious rock music.
B00003Q43A|2.0|forgive me if I'm wrong, but Raiders of the Lost Ark, Die Hard, Terminator, etc. were just fun action movies, but they were good.
B00001OH7U|5.0|Although Station to Station contains only six songs, they are the most memorable that Bowie ever recorded. The fast-paced title track Station to Station falls in a genre of journey songs - emphatically not the familiar rock road song - like Kraftwerk's 1977 track Europa Endloss on [[ASIN:B0000071FR Trans Europa Express]] that creates the impression of a train ride with constantly changing scenery.<br /><br />In the disco era, the French singer Patrick Juvet recorded a 14-minute long suite [[ASIN:B000006R7S I Love America]] on his Got A Feeling album that was a musical tour through the United States. Closer to Bowie's style was the hypnotic I Travel with its propulsive rhythm by [[ASIN:B00005QITR Simple Minds]].<br /><br />The tempo slows down somewhat for the melodic Golden Years with its catchy hooks, poetic lyrics, appealing rhythm and soulful tonality. What a gem of a song! Next comes another masterpiece, this time a devotional one. Word on a Wing is a sublime ballad with an enchanting tune and lyrics expressing spiritual yearning that match any poem in the English literature on this theme. The vocal arrangement is spectacular on many levels, including subtle segments and soaring sections.<br /><br />There is some similarity in literary technique here with the Ben Jonson poem To Celia that was set to music as Drink to me Only with Thine Eyes and recorded by artists as diverse as [[ASIN:B00002R126 Kathleen Ferrier]] and [[ASIN:B000WBBH54 World of Skin]]. The similarity lies in the ambiguity; parts of both compositions contain phrasing that seems to deal with romantic love but the overall tone is clearly spiritual.<br /><br />TVC15 is a powerful uptempo number in a sort of proto-disco style whilst Stay's nervous guitar-driven rhythmic texture and tempo shifts place it firmly in the rock tradition. Then follows the theme song of the 1957 movie Wild Is the Wind, written by Dimitri Tiomkin & Ned Washington, originally recorded by Johnny Mathis and later covered by Nina Simone on her album [[ASIN:B000DZ7V86 Wild Is the Wind]]. As a melodious ballad with a wistful air, it perfectly complements Word on a Wing.<br /><br />The enhanced album has live versions of Word on a Wing where Bowie sings with a blocked nose (a cold or what, hmmm?) and Stay, both recorded on the 1976 Station To Station tour. They are both beautiful and appealing in their slightly different arrangements and vocal delivery. In my opinion Station is Bowie's best album, surpassing even the influential [[ASIN:B00001OH7P The Rise And Fall Of Ziggy Stardust]] in song quality and emotional depth.000DZ7V86 Wild Is the Wind]]. As a melodious ballad with a wistful air, it perfectly complements Word on a Wing.     The enhanced album has live versions of Word on a Wing where Bowie sings with a blocked nose (a cold or what, hmmm?) and Stay, both recorded on the 1976 Station To Station tour. They are both beautiful and appealing in their slightly different arrangements and vocal delivery. In my opinion Station is Bowie's best album, surpassing even the influential [[ASIN:B00001OH7P The Rise And Fall Of Ziggy Stardust]] in song quality and emotional depth.
1572810408|5.0|This deck has beautiful illustrations that are old-fashioned but not slavishly so. You can tell a lot of thought and work went into creating each card. You may not want to share this deck with others!
B000002UA0|5.0|I HEARD THIS ALBUM 10YRS AGO AND HAVE NEVER GOT IT OUT OF MY HEAD! I CANT FIND THE WORDS TO EXPLAIN THIS ALBUM AND I NEVER WILL! (but i'll try) THIS ALBUM CREATES NEW FRESH EMOTIONAL FEELING WITH EACH LISTEN.IT DEFIES  MUSICAL LOGIC AND CREATES FEELING ONLY FOUND WITH CLASSICAL MUSIC! IT IS A  MELTING POT OF (ROCK/POP/JAZZ/CLASSICAL/BLUES etc) CREATIVITY WHICH WILL  CONTINUE TO INSPIRE FOREVER! THE SONGWRITING IS BEYOND BELIEF (BARRETT WAS  21 AT THE TIME) AND TIMELESS! I ALMOST WISH ID NEVER HEARD IT!
0800116917|5.0|The title of my review says it all.  I saw it for the first time when I was about eight years old, and seven years (and many viewings of LoA) later, I believe it still hasn't lost its magic.  It's the most amazing  film I've ever seen, with a FANTASTIC score (the main theme with the  strings is GORGEOUS) and probably the best acting I've ever seen in my  life. Never before have I admired a character like I have with Peter  O'Toole - purely phenomenal acting (and Omar Shariff was wonderful, too!)   I will always think very highly of this film.
B000002MTU|5.0|This is the blues as only a genius can play. Clapton is a blues great. Forget about his rock days, Eric Clapton is a guitarist that  was born to play the blues, and anybody who knows and loves blues music must admit this  recording is a raw heart erupting emotional masterpiece, period.
B000001ESF|5.0|I admit to being a big Rush fan, but I won't gush over this album ; too many reviews at Amazon.com are 'this band is the GREATEST' and 'this cd ROCKS' - telling the reader nothing of note about the record  reviewed.<br />Rush finally came together with this album. The intro, with  it's tight, staggered, literally off-beat arrangement, is something that  should be practiced by students of music and tempo. Geddy still sang in his  high falsetto, which is a turn-off for many people, but one can get used to  it. Alex's playing and overdubbing is very tight - it's hard to believe  this is only three (three and 1/2 if you count the ubiquitous but  background presence of Hugh Syme) musicians. Neil's drumming is outstanding  if only a little unimaginative, but that's only in comparison to his later  works.  'A Passage to Bangkok' strikes me as a little unusual - even in the  '70's it's a very pro-drug song: how and where to harvest the best  marijuana. I'm not anti-drug, but compared to Neil's body of lyrical work,  it has always seemed to me to be a bit sophomoric. &quot;Twilight  Zone&quot; is a nice little song, with creepy whispers and the first  portent of Geddy's later style of upbeat, rocking verses that fall into  lush, occasionally ethereal choruses (Cinderella Man, Entre Nous,  Limelight, Analog Kid, Time Stand Still, etc.) Despite the fact that  &quot;Lessons&quot; is an Alex song, Geddy's work shines the brightest.  &quot;Tears&quot; is their obligatory studio-only album - a very pretty,  soulful ballad, which falls nicely into &quot;Something for Nothing&quot;,  somewhat preachy, but a great rocker to end the album P.S. I wish I learned  to play the guitar as quickly as the 2112 protagonist did...
6305311463|2.0|I love Criterion DVD's but this one has poor extras,the one exception being the effects documentary which is very good.As for the deleted scenes and gag reel,*well* you only have to see some of the awful scenes left in  the movie to realise that the deleted scenes and gag reel(unfunny)don't  amount to much.They actually land on the barren meteor with skis(?)on the  Shuttle!That would be impossible on a runway let alone barren ground.On the  plus side this film has great special effects,such as the destruction of  Paris when a meteor hits,and Bruce Willis does a good job in his role.This  film actually shows the advantage of DVD because if you press fast forward  past the poorly written scenes(the animal cracker scene is truly  terrible),then you can have a very entertaining 50 minute movie!The ending  is nicely done.This movie has extended scenes but they don't amount to  much.
B000000OE7|5.0|Before I became a huge Queen fan, I borrowed this and Greatest Hits from a friend.  I didn't care for it at first, but when I became the fanatic that I am now, I went back to it and loved it.  Everything on here is absolutely  beautiful.  The album opens with the beautiful &quot;It's A Beautiful  Day,&quot; then segues into the strong solo-Freddie-gone-Queen track  &quot;Made In Heaven.&quot;  Other great songs are &quot;Let Me Live,&quot;  &quot;Heaven For Everyone,&quot; &quot;You Don't Fool Me,&quot;  and  &quot;Too Much Love Will Kill You,&quot; to name a few.  However, the two  most poignant songs on here are &quot;A Winter's Tale&quot; and  &quot;Mother Love.&quot;  &quot;A Winter's Tale&quot; was the last song  Freddie wrote in his lifetime, and &quot;Mother Love&quot; was the last  vocal he ever laid down to tape.  &quot;A Winter's Tale&quot; is a  beautiful, slow, tranquil song about wintertime and how beautiful it is,  relaxing...peaceful...absolute bliss.  For &quot;Mother Love,&quot; Queen  fans, have the Kleenex handy.  Not only was it the last song he ever wrote,  there is a line in the song where he says &quot;I long for peace before I  die.&quot;  And the track ends with clips from the band's legendary show at  Wembley, a Larry Lurex (Freddie's early stage name) clip, and a baby  crying, as if his life is flashing before our eyes.  The ending hidden  track (13) is a tranquil wall of sound, simulating the departure of  Freddie's spirit into the heavens...forever...and ever.......
014028009X|5.0|It was a warm day when I started on Bridget's diary and I spent the whole day in bed, sweating buckets to get through a year of her life!<br />Ms Jones' life brought smiles to my face and made me laugh like how I never thought I  would with a book.  Her frankness about her loves (Daniel) and hates  (herself?) thoroughly amused me and warmed my heart.  I squealed with her  when she got her &quot;ridiculous and meaningless commercial  exploitation&quot; from Daniel and mourned with her when the Blonde took  over.<br />I couldn't find any fault with this gem from Helen Fielding; the  entries were just how one would write into it: informal, broken English and  unfathomable slurs when one's too drunk.<br />Bridget represents so many  Singletons out there, pressurized to get attached and having to face the  hankering from over-caring relatives.  <br />You don't have to be a Singleton  to read it, and as it says, if you'd ever had a relationship or a mother,  you'd love this piece.
B00004STPT|5.0|I have always had a love for Classical Music. The sounds of Violens, Flutes, and  other instruments are  soothing to my soul and  spirit. The Gladiator  Soundtrack combines my love  of classical music and my  other  loves..North African  and Spanish Music. Each and every time I listen to  the  music on this soundtrack, It is like looking at the entire movie  again. I can visualize the entire cast and every  scene, while I listen to  this music. I especially think  about Maximus as the Warrior and his  constant love for his wife and son. I also think about the only 2 people  who stayed Loyal and True to  Maximus as Friends: Juba who  ( Played by  Djimon Hounsou of the movie Amistad. ) was the  Slave turned Gladiator, and   Cicero ( Maximus's Man  Servant when he was a  General.). Those are the   characters that I truely  think about, while listening to this soundtrack,  along  with thinking about the  beautiful scenery of North Africa and the  mountains and countryside of Spain.  Gladiator is a real good  soundtrack,  if you want to  hear classical music with  an Exotic Flavor mixed into   it..that will lead you into feeling all kinds of  emotions, while you free   your entire mind and just  listen to the different  instruments.
B000002KBH|5.0|A while back, I looked through a few old records, and pulled out American Beauty. I had quite a curiosity towards the Grateful Dead, so I immediatly listened to it. The delicios harmony and magical rhythems took me into  another world. Soon after I bought a few Live albums, and that made my  respect for the band so much bigger. I love the album and now own it on  both record and CD. I know most people suggest this as a first album to get  into the Dead, and I guess it is, that's how I started out. I would suggest  a Live album, and God help you if you try to start out with Skeletons from  the Closet! -Big No No! So, yes; do start out with American Beauty, and  soon move into the Live albums afterwords. You will love this! BUY IT!
0792839625|5.0|The screen version of Michael Bennett's landmark Broadway musical lets the audience experience the struggle, anxiety and triumph of a group of dancers auditiong for the chorus of a Broadway show.<br />  This is a classic and not  to be missed.  One of the best &quot;backstage musicals films&quot; ever  made. Michael Douglas soft-shoes 16 dancers through a grueling audition to  Marvin Hamlisch's Oscar nominated music and Jeffrey [Flashdance] Hornaday's  sizzling, synergistic  choreography. <br />  The cast is excellent most  notably, Michael [Chaplin] Blevins, who brings charming honesty to the role  of 17 year old Mark, the youngest dancer on the line.  Other fine  performances are given by Gregg Burge, Audrey Landers, Nicole Fosse, and  Terrence Mann. For such excellent dancers they all bring great credibility  to their respective acting  roles. <br />Oscar winning director Richard  Attenborough heads-up this dazzling three-time Academy Award nominated  adaptation of Broadway's long running musical that received nine Tony  awards and the Pulitzer Prize. Attneborough gracefully blends big  production numbers with intimate moments.   <br />This movie is so enjoyable  to watch because the transition from stage to screen is smooth and  entertaining. Afterall, the New York Times called the film :<br /> &quot;A  single burst of breathtaking inspiration!&quot; -New York Times <br />The  Dance and Theatre critics raved about it:<br />  &quot;It is the best dance  film, and for that matter, the best movie musical for years!&quot; -Clive  Barnes, New York Post<br /> &quot;...exhilarating...one of the year's best  pictures...&quot; -Jeffrey Lyons, Sneak Previews, INN <br /> This is a Great  White Way phenomenon. Join the chorus of this high-stepping piece of  celluloid - it is truly &quot;One Singular Sensation&quot;!
B00004TL21|5.0|white pony is a very great cd, eventhough it may have some slow songs, but its really good. i love the songs street carp and knife prty. no matter in what mood you are in, you can relate to almost any song on white  pony.another reason why i love this cd is because Chino Moreno sounds  sexy! ;)
0446677450|5.0|The last book to make such a great impact on me was Stephen Covey's 7 Habits of Highly Effective People. As at the time of writing this review, Kiyosaki's book has received 290 reviews here. This must surely be  testimony of the impact of Rich Dad Poor Dad. If you have not read this  book, for your own sake and that of your children's, go get the book the  now!<br />Kiyosaki's concepts are simple, yet profound. It makes you wonder if  it was so commmonsensical, why didn't you think of it earlier. But I like  books like Kiyosaki's. These books have a way of crystallising simple  truths and principles which the reader would otherwise have  missed.<br />Kiyosaki's concepts on wealth, what constitutes an asset and  liability, how one's balance sheet interacts with the income statement, are  all so powerful. If you are serious in achieving financial independence,  get this book and read. And re-read it again and again!
0140177396|2.0|I thought that this book was a good book. It was very interesting.I also thought that it had to much swearing in it.<br />sincerely, The King Eli
0783222475|3.0|at first i only saw the last half hour of the movie and thought it was excellent.then i finally saw the first half of the movie and i fell asleep! i usually just skip the first 45 minutes and get right to the part  where they find the acid is comin out of their sinks n stuff.there is a  couple interesting parts in the boring half of the movie so just watch the  whole thing and live through it.
0140177396|2.0|I think that this book was very weak.There should of been more killing.I also think that lennie did the right thing by killing the girl at the end.The book wasn't very good.To much swearing.
B00003CXFU|5.0|I saw this movie in theatre and thought it was brilliant.  Very worthwhile!
0140177396|2.0|I think that this book was very weak.There should of been more killing.I also think that lennie did the right thing by killing the girl at the end.The book wasn't very good.To much swearing.
6305594252|4.0|The Special Edition of the Stargate DVD is definitely a better purchase than the original.  This way you have a choice of viewing the original theatrical release of the longer edition which I must say has only been  seen on TV on Showtime once as a means of getting people to watch their  series Stargate SG-1 which is also making it's way out on Video (Pilot  already on DVD).  It is a good film and the longer copy is easily seen as  the better film, especially since we see immediately after the opening  credits a piece of that longer footage; the fact that the Stargate existed  millenia before Katherine as a child and her family discovered it in Egypt.  Not the best sci-fi film of 1994 but enjoyable.  Kurt Russell's and James  Spader's role's are well performed.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Oh my gosh! This CD is great! The Marshall Mathers LP is even better then Eminem's first CD,if that's possible. His lyrics flow together like an Edger Allan Po poem with changed words.His lyrics also come straight from  real life, either his life or life in modern culture.Even though his lyrics  may just seem some white man trying to act black talking about drugs, sex,  and violence, all of his words actually mean something.He trys to strech  the limits of language, but it all means something.He defenitly takes  advantage of the freedom of speech law. Like most people, I think that Stan  is his best song, although it is closely followed by &quot;I am&quot; and  &quot;Criminal.&quot;So if you don't care about bad words and are not  easily offended, then I very highly reccomend this CD!
0375703764|4.0|As other reviewers have mentioned, of the two stories here, one succeeds quite brilliantly and the other doesn't. The whole Johnny Truant thing was tiresome, repetitive, bombastic, and self-involved. I skimmed a lot of  it.<br />But the Navidson record was fantastic. One of my all-time favorite  haunted-house stories. Some truly creepy moments that I still (months  later) think about and that still make the hairs on the back of my head  stir. Like the endless bicycle ride down, and down, and...
0767835255|4.0|This is a good movie from start to finish. Harrison Ford plays the hero role to the limit. Gary Oldman plays an absolutely mean and scary villain. He shows no remorse about shooting an unarmed hostage or using violence.  The plot of this movie is outstanding. The idea that these Russian thugs  could use the disguise of journalists was unique. Evev the secret service  agent who goes bad is portrayed as being wormy. The ending makes Harrison  Ford out to be a hero. A very good movie.
B000002MTR|3.0|I have been a Peppers fan for a couple of months, and I got this CD last night. It isn't horribly bad or anything, its just very different sounding, I'm assuming because they had a different guitar player. Warped is a pretty  good song, except for the 'warped' voice thingy in the beginning. I thought  that was kinda weird. Aeroplane is good, and so is Deep Kick. My Friends is  probably the best song on the CD. I was very impressed by it. I dont really  like Coffee Shop for some reason, dunno why. I absolutely HATE Pea, and I'm  glad its so short. I mean the last half of it is just a bunch of curses  (where's the explicit lyrics label on this thing?), and the first lyrics  are weird, something about being a teeny tiny ant? One Big Mob is alright,  but I dont like how its fast, then is slow for a reaaalllyy long time, then  fast.. If it wasnt slow for so long, it'd be better. I dont really like  Walkabout, Tearjerker is okay. Dont like the last three songs. Exactly how  many times does Anthony say um, that one word in Transcending? Eight? Once  again, where is the warning label? And there is just something that I dont  like about the CD altogether..it seems like there is too much going on at  once, all the instruments or something..I dunno.. I gave it three stars  because of tracks 1-4, and I really like the whole 'storybook' theme.  But  this album is a little too dark and depressing for me. I give the Peppers  credit though, for trying something new, and I understand that they had  been through some hard times. This just isnt a real enjoyable album for me.
B00003OSSM|2.0|This movie is the kind that only a few people would actually like. I hired it to see it but it wasn't what I expected for a movie rated in New Zealand as (M + Contains Violence &amp; Offensive Language). I HIGHLY reccomend you  hire this first and if you like it, buy it ,otherwise don't. This movie is  fairly boring and not even good actors could save it! If you want to see a  good movie with Harrison Ford, buy Air Force One! See Ya
0380788624|3.0|While this still harolds the unique style and perverted sense of humor that Stephenson is famous for, it doesn't seem to have the inspired vigor that Snow Crash or Diamond Age did.  It drags on in places, covers the  dryer historical details in a tedious and often unnecisary manner, but does  occationally shine brightly enough that if you like Stephenson, it's  reccomended.  If you're a paranoid hacker and believe the world will be  taken over by who has the best codes/crackers, then by all means enjoy.  If  you'd rather wait until Neil can come up with something so wacky and  bizarre that you can't believe you just read that, then hold off, and he  might get the signal.
0790729733|5.0|If not the best film of the 90's, it's certainly the most important one.  When I first saw this film in the theaters during its initial release, I was just totally blown away, I sat there in my seat after the final credits  and tried to gather my thoughts together after what I had witnessed.  I was  astonished at the sheer brilliance of the filmmaking, JFK has to rank as  the best edited film of all time.  Technically, the film is brillant and  breathtaking.  A richly textured and dazzling cinematic experience.   However, this is not style over substance.  Stone presents us with a huge  amount of information:  names, dates, different theories, flashbacks,  flashbacks within flashbacks, ect... It's incredible how much information,  how many ideas Stone packs into his film, but his direction is so assured  that we are NEVER for one moment confused or lost in the material.  He and  his co workers have masterfully assembled all this material into a hypnotic  tapestry (his use of the Zapruder footage in the film is brilliant).  The  assassination of JFK is one of the most tragic events in modern American  history.  I've never subscribed to the Warren Commission explanation, and  Stone does a masterful job illustrating his ideas and theories.  It's  important to remember that this is NOT a documentary, its one filmmakers  exploration of a pivotal moment in U.S. history.  Even if you dont  subscribe to Stone's theory, you gotta admit, it's a breathtaking film.   This film will scare you, inspire you, and force you to think and act.   It's so refreshing to see an American film that is SO political and thought  provoking.  It's over 3 1/2 hours, but you'd never know.  A MUST SEE!
0140177396|3.0|I think this book was good.  It had a little to much swearing.  This is not a good book for kids to read.  Some Adults will Like it.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Fight Club.  After hearing from a few friends that they hated it, but that it reminded them of me, I puchased in on a whim.  I was NOT disappointed.<br />A man finds himself living in a horrible, run-down old  house with a close, eprsonal stranger.  His life is falling apart.  An  insomniac, he's found the perfect support group: Fight Club.  At the heart  of this &quot;support group&quot; is pure smooth-brained violence: fist  fights.<br />The film gets bloody at several points.  This is a side effect of  the plot and could possibly be wholly ignored without consequence.   Ultimately the film is strong social commentary; to wear a tie... or to  return to a primal state.  I can say very little without giving away too  much.  This is a film best seen unprepared, and I can strongly recommend it  to anyone.
B00000JAXT|5.0|Those familiar with the post-spinal injury'song-oriented output of Robert Wyatt, or with his more restrained contribution to Soft Machine, will be thrilled to hear the no-holds-barred BLOWING he does on drums here.  The  music hints at the style he was to subsequently pursue on his later albums,  but does so in the context of a fine Canterbury style fusion outfit  including Dave MacRae and Bill MacCormick of Quiet Sun, Phil Miller of  Hatfield and the North (never better than here), and a guest appearance by  Eno on synthesizer.  Add the spartan &quot;audio verite&quot; production of  Robert Fripp, and you have a witty and often thrilling avant-fusion album  somewhat like a much more gritty Hatfield.  Like I indicated in the title,  I don't often like fusion as a style, but the energy and imagination of  this recording overcomes any such inhibitions on my part.  A MUST for fans  of Hatfield, National Health, or Henry Cow, in my opinion, and an absolute  revelation regarding the wonder that was Wyatt on drums.  (Check out  Marchides for confirmation.)  It is a shame this band had to stop at this  point due to Wyatt's injury--they likely had much more to offer as an  ensemble.  At any rate, you have this to enjoy--buy it!
B0000039LE|5.0|Spoilers ahead.Read carefully!<br />Halloween is one of the best horror movies of all time.It's definitely on my top 5! It's incredibly scary and entertaining and a seriously awesome flick.The story kicks major a$$.The  plot is  brilliant and the execution is absolutely flawless.John  Carpenter's direction is excellent and in my opinion worthy of an academy  award. The story of a disturbed boy who killed his 15- year old sister at  age six escapes from the  mental institution he's been at for 15 years for  his psychotic behavior.He's now a young man who stalks three babysitters on  the scariest day of the year.Donald Pleasence gives an incredible  performance as Dr.Loomis.Seriously.Nick Castle's performance as Myers is  excellent.There's a real  danger about Mike.He's so cold-hearted and empty.  He has no emotion and stops at nothing to complete his task.His mask is  really freaky.It has no emotion on the face and is pale.It completely  conceals his identity,which really adds an element of fear.The music is  absolutely brilliant. Carpenter knows when to play it and when not.When he  plays it,BAM! Your scared stiff.The ending is  extremely scary and gave me  nightmares for ages. Overall,Halloween is one of the most original,  enjoyable and scariest horror movies ever made. It has almost  everything.Excellent acting,flawless direction,ground-breaking music,an  incredibly high scare factor and a really freaky ending. The only real  problem is the lack of gore.Oh,well.<br />The same can't be said for how  freaky and entertaining the film is.Buy it now! Rated &quot;R&quot;  for  barely any violence,but some language and two scenes of brief nudity.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Marshall Mathers totally has something to say about people and boy and girl bands that he does not like and I really respect that. Not only does he speak his mind on what he thinks...he doesnt care what others think of  him because of it. I respect that because it is a lot like me. I think this  is a great buy for anyone who likes, well, a twisted sort of sense of  humor. Keep it up Slim Shady
B0000070QS|5.0|Im very happy , because I found cdMortens  I always be a fun of Morten , he is the best singer , in PERU  listen all songs in the radio . Iwant more imformation about Morten, chau.
B000006TRV|5.0|All I have to say about this album is it is the best group of songs Pink Floyd has ever brought out.  It starts out with softly playing music that you can barely hear, but then the music starts real loud.  In the Flesh? is  a great rock song. The Thin Ice is great. Another brick in the Wall part  one, two, and three are great.  Mother is great.  Young Lust is one of the  best rock songs Pink Floyd has ever brought out.  The end of the first CD  isn't as good as the beginning, but the second CD starts off great.  Hey  You is good.  Is there anybody out there? is one of the best on the album.   Comfortably Numb is the best Pink Floyd song ever.  I love it.  Run like  Hell is great also.  This CD is the bestand if you have any Pink Floyd  albums, this has to be one of them.
0767903854|4.0|This is vintage Bryson--from his obsession with the poisonous Australian fauna to memorable hangovers and outbursts of magnificent sarcasm.<br />  In  typical fashion, Bryson includes amazing stories about 12' earthworms, the  discovery of the Ediacara pre-Cambrian fossils, provincial museums with  astonishing technology, and walks in the treetops.   Some of the stories  are horrifying--ecological disasters such as the introduction of a few  rabbits into an environment with no natural predators and above all the  treatment of the Aboriginies  And, did I mention, Bryson obsesses over  poisonous snakes, spiders, evil plants, sharks and other things Australian  that can kill you, painfully.<br />  Bryson loves Australia and Australians.   I was pleased to see that he included information about the interior of the  continent.  It is large, empty, very hot and full of things that can kill  you.   <br />  Great armchair travel, and a hilarious book. I've always wanted  to visit the country, but I don't think I will... I don't like spiders or  snakes or sharks...
B000002U82|5.0|This album is one of the best Pink Floyd albums there is.  I think The Wall is the best Pink Floyd album, but this stays right behind it.  Speak to me/Breath is great to listen to.  On the run is interesting and is great  music to listen to.  Time is one of the classic songs that make this cd one  of the best pink floyd albums.  The other classics are Money,Us and  Them,Brain Damage, and Eclipse.  Any Colour You Like goes good in between  Us and Them and Brain Damage.  The only song I don't really care for is The  Great Gig in the Sky.  I think it goes on too long and isn't very good.  If  you don't have any Pink Floyd albums or only have The Wall, this cd is the  cd for you.
0451196716|5.0|after reading this book, i felt as if i had walked with the characters. it actually made me tired it was so full of descriptions of how each character was feeling and everything.  the reader had a mental picture of what each  walker looked like, smelled like, the tension between the walkers...it was  overall a very good book.
B000002U8G|3.0|When I got this cd, I thought it was going to be great like the other pink floyd cds I have.  It wasn't.  The first three songs are all right, but San Tropez is just stupid sounding.  Seamus is so annoying that I never  listened to it after the day I got it.  Echoes would of been better if it  wasn't so long.  I would get better Pink Floyd like The Wall,Dark Side of  the Moon,Wish you were here, and Animals.  All these CDs are great.  Don't  waste your money on this CD.
B00004Y6O9|4.0|Edited on 5/18/08<br /><br />I was born in the mid 1980's, but I love rock music from the 60's, 70's and 80's thanks to my father and his huge record collection. Music today sucks for the most part, but thankfully early Van Halen still rocks as hard today as it did decades ago. The guitar playing is still amazing and you can see how it opened many eyes & ears to Eddie Van Halen 30 years ago. I just wish I was born 20 years earlier so I could watch all my favorite bands live in prime form. The funny thing is that most are still touring to this day.
0385486804|5.0|Maybe its because I'm the same age. Maybe its because I love hiking and camping.  Whatever the allure, this book affected my thoughts for several days after reading it. (In fact, I read it over a year ago, and I'm just  reviewing it now).  do I respect his fierce independence, or do I call him  the idiot he was?  I still don't know, but I'm still thinking about  it...and that's high praise.
B0000027RL|5.0|if your so worried if you'll like this album or not take it from me you will like this album [or at least a few songs for some people] so just buy this album and if you don't like it try listening to it 3-5 more times and  probably have a change of mind. all the songs are great. once, even flow,  alive, why go, black, jeremy, oceans, porch, garden, deep, and release,  just all the songs.  PEARL JAM  YOU  GUYS  ROCK.
B00004RFFI|4.0|This is the first disc I bought since I got the home theater set up and this one you won't believe!   Ok, I'll admit the story here is a little weak, but this isn't supposed to be a &quot;Raging Bull&quot; type of  character study.  This is a very entertaining, state of the arts effects,  fun film.  The sound from this DTS version is extraordinary.  The  separation of the 5.1 is incredible.  The twister sequences will blow you  away.  You feel the sound and the fury!  The only other disc that compares  is the Saving Private Ryan one.  For you home theater fanatics, this is  your film.. you'll see it, hear it, and feel it.  This disc also has some  great extras like director commentary and a cool documentary of how it was  made.  All in all, it's not one of the finest 100 or 200 movies ever made,  but you may find yourself watching it over and over for the experience of  it!  You'll love it!  The movie itself is about a 3, but the DVD DTS is  about a 5!
0767802659|5.0|You people who have reviewed and hated this film because it isn't &quot;realistic&quot; enough in the way Humans would respond to a threat such as dramatized in the movie are totally missing the point!  This is as  much a COMEDY as it is an action sci-fi film!  The entire movie NEVER takes  itself seriously and that is what makes it fantastic!  You don't think this  is really a comedy at heart with giant bugs spewing artillary at earth  spaceships from their behinds?  Lighten up and know that this movie is not  meant to be REALISTIC!  It is a Tongue-in-cheek comedy/sci-fi thriller with  absolutely some of the best special effects ever put into a film to date! I  am putting this in my DVD library, something I am VERY selective about.  It  is terrific if you view it with a sense of fun and comedy as well as being  able to admire its amazing action scenes and special effects!
B00000JCOV|1.0|Don't buy this CD! It's just a bunch of profane, hate-filled noise. Slipknot is a disgrace to present-day rock and metal. Go buy Godsmack. They rule! Slipknot doesn't.
0375420525|3.0|I picked up The House of Leaves, quite honestly, because of not only the storyline, but also the unique design of the book itself.  As I read through it, I realized that, of the two, what I liked more was the  storyline.  My guess is that the author's idea was that, rather than just  write a horror story, he should do something original with the book in  order to make it appeal to the critics and the intillectuals, thus the  bizarre frameworks.<br />Probably the most annoying aspect of the book was the  footnotes by Johnny Truant.  It was rather frustrating to be smoothly going  through the normal text and suddenly be ripped out of the narrative into  another narrative that I didn't care much about.  Rather than skip over it,  I wanted to be sure I read all of it, so I could be fair in reviewing the  novel.  The only truly good part concerning that character was the  introduction, which basically dares you to read the book at the risk of  your own sanity.<br />To be truthful, I would have enjoyed a traditional  narrative myself.  I understand that many people like it because of its  bizarre setup, however I feel it only works if you're able to question  whether or not it's true.  Since, for legal and logical reasons, the reader  can discover it's not (e.g., the cover of the hardcover version, which has  a note by either Zampano or Johnny Truant to himself in which he wonders  whether or not to rewrite the book so that two of the characters are  killed).<br />That said, however, I enjoyed the story within the story (within  the story?) of The House of Leaves.  It was a creepy haunted house plot  that was much more frightening than even the traditional  spirits-roaming-dark-halls stuff.  It became less frightening as the story  went on, but it had me scared of the dark for a few nights.
0451196716|3.0|I have long been a fan of Stephen King, and because of that I have been able to gather the energy to get through the Bachman books.  This was a decent tale filled with different motivations.  I felt the concept was a  bit lame, so it was difficult to keep it interesting.  Although the  character building was not what we are used to from King, he manages to do  what he does best and keeps us in suspense, right till the very end.
B00004SZWE|5.0|There are lots and lots of great albums. Classics. Masterpieces. But there are few pieces of musical art as perfect as this CD. Songs In The Key Of Life came out at a time when Stevie Wonder was on a ROLL. Prehaps no other  solo artist has had such a roll...only Bob Dylan's 1964-66 creative burst  of Freewheelin', Another Side of, Highway 61, and Blonde on Blonde  compares. Songs In The Key Of Life was also the peak. But not just for  Stevie...for pop/soul music as a whole. When it first came out I was just a  kid glued to the radio station, being introduced to this album one hit at a  time. Sir Duke, Isn't She Lovely and the wonderful, and perhaps funkest  song on the album, I Wish. Then one day, my father had to go in to the  hospital for surgery...nothing serious, but as a kid seeing your dad so  helpless was a BIG DEAL. After spending the day at the hospital , my Mom  took my sister out to get a bite to eat. Across from the small restaurant  was a record store, which I wandred into while mom paid for dinner. Anyway,  the store just happened to be playing Have A Talk With God over the  speakers as I walked around...and it seemed, to my young ears at least, as  peaceful and calming and emotional and true as a prayer whipsered in the  night. In fact, that's the best way to sum up the entire album. Like a  prayer. Solemn, heartfelt, sad, touching, hopeful and of course, magical.  From If It's Magic, to Always, To Pastime Paradise, Stevie seemed to be not  so much speaking to us, as tapping into us...speaking for us. For younger  shoppers it may be hard to imagine a time before I Just Called To Say I  Love You or Part Time Lover. A time when Stevie Wonder was a Michael, a  Prince, A Marvin, and a Mozart all rolled into one. When the world of  popular music not only waited on his next move, but depended on it. It was  a long time ago...and it didn't last long. Rolls never do. The best you can  hope for when you are on one, is to stay true, keep moving forward and tocreate something that will last. After all, hits come and go, grooves will  be sampled over and over, and classics will be played to death. But  prayers, well they seem to be something we cling to until the very end.  This one is no exception.
0800141628|5.0|I loved this movie, not to mention the book (The Body, by Stephen King). It is about four 12 year old boys hiking out to see a peers dead body. It is so funny, with cussing, and typical 12 year old boy stuff, and it is  also serious at some times. The boys don't really have great parents, and  mostly just hang out with each other. They set out, with some money, and  meet so many stops along the way. It brings suspense at the end and  guaranteed to keep you in all the way through.<br />It reminds me so much of  me and my friends, I am 12. It is exactly how we act, so it was fun to  watch and read.It will definately become a classic later on. It is very  funny and intense, and                                       just great.I  Loved it and hope you do to.
0061003697|4.0|What makes this particular Poirot novel notable is the complicated circumstances and the wealth of suspects. Whereas in most Poirots (a \\"Poirot\\" is, of course, an Agatha Christie novel featuring the detective Hercule Poirot) you have a small number of characters pondering the curious circumstances of a crime, in Death on the Nile most characters seem to be suspects and there are a lot of them. Also, I have to say that much of the crime in this particular book is more brutal than what you will see in Christie's other work. It's a quick read, but as always Dame Agatha is able to grab hold of your attention and not let go until the last page is read. Overall a very satisfying read and a must for Christie and Poirot fans.
B00000K3CR|5.0|Laughs,Laughs,Laughs. This is a great funny movie for almost all ages! The concept is so good, with a bonus, humor! It is about a kid that wants to be an adult so bad, that one day he wishes for it, and of course, it comes  true. Tom Hanks is wonderful, as in every movie he stars in. He has trouble  at first and hets scared, but his kid-friend helps him find a place to live  and work. He works as a toy tester at a toy invention place, which is  perfect, because he has a kids mind. It is so funny how he acts around  other adults, making them think it is too good to be true to have this guy  working for them. He then begins missing the great things about being a  kid, and wants to go back.
B00004SCX6|5.0|This is the best CD ever.  I usally hate CDs,but I love this one.  You won't have wasted your money. With some of the best songs in the world this CD is unbeatable.  You should buy this one.  Here is all the songs ratings:  Opps I Did it again: 1,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 out  of 10.  Everything eles 10 out of 10.
B00004SCX6|1.0|i have to say that i did not enjoy her at all. her music reflects a  stereo-typical white girl that thinks shes a stereo-typed black girl that lives in a &quot;ghetto&quot; neiborhood with &quot;played-out&quot; boy  problems, and identity crisis. i believe that the media should give up on  believing that &quot;this is what sells&quot;, and give a chance to someone  else who can truly express her life as a teenager with this day and age in  her music without being an Agreeing-Associate to so&amp;so records and  having co-editors like maybe some guy named 'steve' that writes first  drafts to most of britannys' songs. truly i feel sorry for her that she  isn't yet 18 and already sold herself.
B00004TL21|3.0|OK. First off, let me get across the fact that I'm not some hardcore junkie who craves metal from seven bands that all sound basically the same. While I do prefer rock of some kind, I like all kinds of music, from  Eminem/DMX to Ozomatli/Incubus to Guster to Chemial Brothers/Fat Boy Slim.  So I am not angry at the fact that the Deftones, for the most part, seem to  have given up there hardcore metal edge on this new CD. While I am a fan in  the truest sense of the word of the Deftones, I simply can't find much to  like on &quot;White Pony.&quot;<br />Firstly, perhaps one of the most annoying  facts, is that Chino, a great vocalist with one of the most distinctive  voices around, doesn't really make use of his voice. Mostly, he sings  extremely softly, and while I have heard their other two CDs and am aware  that Chino sings softly on many-a-track from those, this is different; at  times, Chino, rather than singing softly, is more whispering, or even  talking quietly. Except for a very few tracks, there seems to be a complete  lack of emotion. Also, on numerous occasions in various songs from  &quot;White Pony,&quot; it seems that Chino purposely sings off-key. Why?  Is this meant to give the songs back some of the metal sound they seem to  have lost?<br />Secondly, the Deftones used to be one of the few hardcore  bands I could count on to deliver a hard sound WITHOUT sacrificing melody.  Yes, as I mentioned above, there are a few tracks that act as the saving  grace f0or &quot;White Pony,&quot; but in MY opinion, for the MOST part,  there is a lack of melody or tune of any kind. There's nothing wrong with  that IF that's the kind of metal one is looking for. However, this is not  what I have come to expect from the Deftones. From the powerful newcomers  Slipknot, perhaps, but not from the Deftones (and that is not meant to be  saying anything derrogatory about Slipknot; I have their CD too). Even the  track featuring Maynard Keenan (former vocalist of Tool, currentvocalist  of A Perfect Circle), another of the most distinctive vocalists I have ever  heard, falls short; the song, entitled &quot;Passenger&quot; changes  constantly, and, while this is one of the few songs with a decent melody  (and still one of my favorite tracks), the two outstanding vocalists sort  of overpower each other, cancelling out what one might think would be an  awesome sound.<br />Overall, I was fairly disappointed with this new CD,  especially after waiting so long for it, but there are still some good  songs (i.e. &quot;Change (in the house of flies),&quot;  &quot;Passenger,&quot; &quot;Rx Queen,&quot; and &quot;Feiticeira&quot;),  and while &quot;White Pony&quot; may not be quite what I expected, it still  is the Deftones, one of the most original and distinctive-sounding metal  groups out there, so i still gave it 3 stars (if the option existed, I  would have given 3.5 stars, but...). <br />Basically, if you are a fan of the  Deftones, you will find things to like about this CD, but don't expect to  hear what you are used to from their previous releases; this CD is very  different. However, if you are a fan of the Deftones, or a fan of  alternative/hard rock(metal), then I encourage you to buy the CD and form  your own opinions.
B000002JB8|5.0|I have listened to all of Vangelis' music. I would say this CD and 1492 to be two must have CDs if you like his type of music. \\"Voices\\" is another great CD of his similar to this one in a way. This is not the kind of CD you would appreciate hearing for the first time, and it doesn't become boring after a while. Track 8 is masterpiece. Well done this time, Vangelis.
B00003CWRX|5.0|Let me preface this review by saying that &quot;The Insider&quot; is the only DVD in my collection that I purchased WITHOUT having seen the film beforehand. The reasons? Michael Mann, Al Pacino and Russell Crowe. With  names like these credited to a motion picture, it's almost a can't-miss  situation.<br />I wasn't disappointed. Many people seem put off by the film's  overlength. I say if the movie has you in it's grasp dramatically then it's  more for your money... Russell Crowe is absolutely rivetting as the flawed  protagonist. He expresses more with his facial expressions and subtle eye  movements than most actors can by screaming dialogue and flailing their  arms about. There is a priceless scene towards the end where a scruffy,  pathetic Wigand comes undone in a hotel room - ethereal, haunting and  compelling. <br />The always-dependable Al Pacino complements Crowe's  implosive performance with his own passionate portrayal of 60-minutes  producer Lowell Bergman. Pacino's Bergman struggles hard against forces  aligned against journalistic integrity:  corporate tobacco's smear campaign  against Wigand, the pressures posed by CBS not to air the news segment, not  to mention the lack of support by his comrades. Both Bergman and Wigand  deal with the pressures differently within their own element and when they  clash it is drama of the highest caliber. Outstanding supporting  performances by Christopher Plummer as Mike Wallace and Philip Baker Hall  as Don Hewitt add icing to the cake.<br />Michael Mann builds an air of  suspense and paranoia in ways that few directors can. Scenes such as those  of Wigand at a golf-driving range and Wigand being woken by his daughter in  the middle of the night provoke tension. As a viewer, I could relate to  Wigand's claustrophobia and his fear for his family. Mann accomplishes this  with flair and style to spare with arty close-ups and slow motion,  hand-held camera shots and an absolutely breathtaking score by Lisa Gerrard  andPieter Bourke (- Any wonder that their music appears on Crowe's next  film, &quot;Gladiator&quot;?) <br />I loved this movie. Please see it with an  open mind, and not just the &quot;Gee, smoking is bad for you... DUH.&quot;  attitude. You won't be sorry.
B000002UDG|4.0|There is no one of McCartney's stature who has been less well-served in terms of a decent career retrospective.  You have Wings Greatest Hits or you have this. Neither provide a decent overview of Macca's post-Beatles  career, but... <br />Frankly, I prefer Wings Greatest. It's a tighter, more  focussed package, with quite a few singles that weren't on albums and great  sound. On the other hand, this is the place you will find C Moon, Goodnight  Tonight and the live version of Coming Up, which blows the studio version  away.<br />Though it is by and large a collection of McCartney's biggest  singles, there is a hodge-podge feel to this album.  That is partly due, I  think to the fact that it includes releases over a 16 year period and  presents them randomly, not chronologically.<br />Few would argue that this  material equals the quality of McCartney's Beatle years, yet he is still a  master tunesmith and singer.  Until he is given his due (any &quot;best  of&quot; should include Maybe I'm Amazed, perhaps his best post-Beatles  song), this is what there is, if you want it to include his 80s hits. And  you get the cool B-side C MOON to boot.
0805062971|5.0|Normally, when I see a movie before reading the book it's based upon, I find myself very disillusioned.  I will find that the movie is far less superior to the book (ie - The Lost World, The Beach,) and when I begin  reading the novel, it becomes tedious because I am using the movie  characters and scenes in my head rather than my own imagination.<br />This is  simply not so with Chuck Palahniuk's 'Fight Club.' The book itself  completely emerges you into a dark and sinister world which the movie does  a very good job in visually complimenting. The characters become a  contradiction of you liking them and disliking them all at once.  Tyler  Durden, the posterchild of post-Y2K Generation Xer's, is a man with a plan.   He is ruthless and unpredictable, everything you would not want to find in  your best friend, but the detail and energy the author gives to him makes  us all wish, consciously or subconsciously, that we could all be like him.   What Palahniuk delivers is a frenzied and rebellious journey into all of  our deepest fears that by the end of the novel turns to be our deepest  fantasies.  This is possibly one of the most compelling stories told about  our angst-driven generation as of yet.  I highly recommend it to anyone who  has at least once thought about how ridiculous the world we live in is.   Chuck Palahniuk is a Joseph Conrad of our times.
B00004THAY|5.0|While one would expect a certain cachet to already accompany the idea that these two artists would work together, this album is much more than that. After one listening, I found myself saying, over and over again, &quot;THIS  is really something special&quot;. Indeed it is. B.B. King shows that he is  extremely versatile, with guitar and voice; and more so than he has  recently in Blues on the Bayou or Dueces Wild. His voicings on the Title  song, Marry You, Three O'Clock Blues and When My Heart Beats Like a Hammer  are some of his best - ever. He shows a lot more than his trademark vibrato  in his guitar playing - things I haven't heard since the Pre '69 live  recordings. Eric Clapton is the perfect accompanyist and shows his respect  by not walking over B.B.'s lines and not overplaying. He does his usual  excellent, tasteful job. HIS vocals are equal to the best he's ever done,  including From The Cradle. Its clear there is excellent chemistry between  these two, they complement each other as close to perfectly as it can get  and they put their best efforts into this work. &quot;Hold On I'm  Coming&quot; is an example of them just having fun but it turns serious,  almost apocalyptic, very quickly during the intro - I literally get chills  as the song crescendoes to the vocals and THEN really takes off. The rhythm  section is outstanding. Tight but loose.  This collection is not a gimmick,  it is serious 180 proof Blues.  This is one of the best albums made - ever.  The only question is, why didn't they do this sooner?
6303997198|5.0|The acting in this movie was superb, particularly by the incomparable Meryl Streep.  This, in my humble opinion, is what makes this movie worth seeing.  The story, in and of itself, isn't new, or exciting, or  innovative.  But the emotions that the performers bring to their  characters, the connection that they build with their audience, and the  plain old fashioned romance, makes this movie a must see movie.  I'm not a  big fan of adultery myself, but you do get a sense of the &quot;why&quot;  of their affair in this movie, which was very enlightening to me as a man.   <br />If you believe that romantic movies are nothing more than &quot;chick  flicks&quot; (does anyone still use that phrase anymore?) than by all  means, pass this movie up.  If, on the other hand, you not only enjoy  romance, but also like to broaden your intellectual horizons with regard to  the meaning of love, this one's for you.
B00004THAY|5.0|It has been a long time coming, but well worth the wait.  You can feel their friendship and the respect they have for each other's talent come through your speakers as they jam together.  From the opening hand tapping  &quot;Riding With the King&quot;, describing BB to a tee, to the closing  soulful  &quot;Come Rain or Come Shine&quot; there are no bad cuts on this  album. You'll find yourself constantly cranking up the volume.   A must  have for any BB or Clapton fan.  All we need now is a live tour to promote  this fine album.  Long live Slowhand, BB and Lucille!
B000024KBA|5.0|Forget the rumours, the whispers you've heard, just listen. It'll be worth it. From what I'd read (here and other places) I knew this would be strange and beautiful, but was afraid it would depress me, knowing what was  heppening/happened to Syd. Instead I spent the whole album either with my  jaw dropped amazed at how wonderful, clever and intense it all was, or  grinning like an idiot. This album is way happier than it has any right to  be considering. All the tracks are good, especially Terrapin and Octopus.  Dark globe is amazing - beautifull, tragic, yet strangely uplifting as  well. Even the moment when thing threaten to fall apart (between feel and  if it's in you) turns into something that you couldn't do with out.
B000001E29|4.0|I love Tom Waits and was lucky enough to see the musical when it came from Germany to the Brooklyn Academy of Music. The performance was chilling, engaging, and moving in every way.  I bought this album thinking (hoping)  it was the actual cast recording and was slightly disappointed to find out  it isn't. Nevertheless, Waits does an excellent job on some wonderful  tunes. I love to play it and reminisce about that performance. This is an  essential album for the Waits die-hard. I am proud to own it and to have  seen the production. I wish I had had the luck to see Frank's Wild Years in  Chicago.
6303433766|5.0|This movie is one of my favorite Kate Winslet Movies.  She and Melanie Lynskey were fabulous.  The way the girls came to be friends and couldn't bare to be torn apart is unbelievable.  It still amazes me how Kate  Winslet's character, Juliet, came to be this famous author, Anne Perry.
6305127638|1.0|I have have been a loyal Star trek fan for many years and this is the second worst part of the star trek francise I have seen (Followed by Star trek Voyager) The way I see it any (so-called) Star Trek fan who says any  good word about this has a screw loose.  Even though you might be able to  call it an average film (for NON-TREKKIES) it has no place in the star trek  universe.  The amount of in-consistent information in this film is so vast  (after watching TOS episodes about First Contact 'metimorhisis' (I don't  know if that is spelt right) and the 7 TNG Borg episodes) I haven't got  time to right about them all, if you do want to read them look at the  anonymous vevier from NH, United States (where ever that is) who is the  next best thing to my best friend.
630469797X|4.0|In my opinion, this is definitely the best horror film ever made. The DVD contains the long awaited, one and only unrated 139 min. version and offers a great picture quality. But there are two things that doesn't make any  sense to me: 1. The disc seems not to contain any time-code, so you cannot  jump to a particular scene by entering the time on your player. 2. Why the  hell did they rip the film by splitting it on two DVD sides?  This is the  only reason for me not to give a five stars rating...
B00000J6AG|5.0|absolutely outstanding!  moby has excellent variety in this CD.  tracks 2,3,4,8,14,16, and 18 are my favorites.  a must for any techno/new age music fan.  if you don't have it, you don't know what you're missing!   also, try Vast, another great new age band.
6305609721|4.0|This is my favorite Star Trek film. The characters satirize themselves and it has an interesting story. The picture and sound are excellent. The featurette is an excellent 'making of' feature that runs about 30 minutes.  Nimoy gives some interesting information on the making of the film. I think  this is a must DVD in any sci-fi fans' collection.
630588255X|5.0|I've always divided people into two groups - those who like this movie and idiots. You can learn alot from this film (not least of all is what happens when you crossbreed a hearse and a Ferrari). In a strange way, it's always  struck me as sort of a dark, mirror image of the Graduate. Next time you  hear somebody whine about how they never see any &quot;different&quot;  movies; chuck a copy of this film at their head.
0380789019|5.0|This book has it all! A spell-binding plot; fully realized characters; evil villains; comic relief; an ordinary man on a journey of self-discovery; it has the works!<br />London Below is a fascinating world,  fully populated by interesting characters and believable situations. You  will never look at the London Underground in the same way after reading  this book!<br />This story is destined to become a classic, so read it  already!
B00002ND77|5.0|A sweeping biopic of an admirable man, who, while his ideas were wrong, had the will and the determination to defend his ideas and to say them publicly. A powerful film, with a sweeping force and excellent production  values. While the film is extremely long (200+ min.), it is never boring  ans always fascinating, it is divided in equally interesting stages;  Malcolm's youth, prison time, his dedication to Elijah Muhammad, and the  ultimate betrayal and death of Malcom X. A compelling study of a  complicated, angry man, and whether you agree with his ideas or you don't,  the movie remains a riveting biopic that is one of the best movies of the  90's. The reason the film works so well is mainly because of the  performances and the assured direction by Lee. Not as incendeary or  provocative as one would expect from a Spike Lee film, only the first and  last few minutes are controversial. Denzel Washington delivers a powerful  performance that ranks among his best. Also Angela Bassett is great in  support. From a scale of 1-10 I give this film a 9!
0380730367|5.0|Wow, I loved this book. Never before have i ever finished a book in under a week, but i finished Prayers for Rain, and another Lehane book called &quot;Sacred&quot;, In under five days together. Prayers for rain has  everything a good book should. Well developed characters who seem very down  to earth and yet almost superheroes the same time, Short chapters (God  knows I HATE putting a book down in the middle of a chapter! ), and plots  that although you pray could never happen, keep you thinking &quot;yeah  alright maybe this could happen&quot;. I really liked Bubba, a soft bubbly,  hardcore steel hard gun toting, criminal. In this book Patrick Kenzie is  hired by a young woman to try to set her stalker straight, but is quickly  wrapped up in the games of a sick twisted genius who evades patrick at  every turn. A great book with many twists and turns. I Recomend this to  EVERYBODY!
B00003Q43A|5.0|This Dvd is action packed with new and exciting stuff. i can't even begin to say how much stuff this DVD has. it would excede my 1,000 word limit. I know that this Special Edition DVD has some easter Eggs. I have been trying  o find them all day today, but i can't find them. i am getting kinda mad.  my boss is about to fire me because i am not doing any work. but anyways,  this DVD also features 2 games! with a month free of an online only game.  but beyond all of this, THERE IS THE MOVIE. and what a great movie this is.  probably the best will smith movie, the movie that made him a household  name for sure. well this movie is the greatest, and you should go buy it  right now. i dont' care where you buy it, just go buy it and watch it with  your family.
6303921248|5.0|Pride &amp; Prejudice is heaven for a Jane Austen lover. It is a beautifully depicted video inspired by the famous novel by Jane Austen. It's added wit and charm makes this inspiring story even more special on  the big screen. I've seen it 15 times and it never gets tiring or boring.  Each time you watch this video, you cherish it even more and more. Pride  &amp; Prejudice is the best movie i've ever seen! I love it!
B00004U30D|5.0|&quot;I NEED TO REMEMBER.&quot; [Wes Bentley]  We all need to remember this movie.<br />AMERICAN BEAUTY--the brilliant title, script, and direction; the amazing cinematography and sound effects; the dazzling visual effects,  and enthralling music; plus the incredible acting of  Kevin Spacey, Wes  Bentley, Thora Birch, Chris Cooper, Mena Suvari, Annette Bening and Allison  Janney all work together to make this film deservingly win BEST PICTURE.<br />How this film successfully accomplishes that there is indeed &quot;so  much beauty in the world&quot; is puzzling considering the plot; what a  paradox.<br />This movie is truly a work of art.  Every American should own  AMERICAN BEAUTY. This and one other movie I've seen are so brilliant that I  would actually buy the script; it definitely should be made into a  book.<br />Don't take me as a viewer that sees this as the most flawless movie  ever made; because I don't. After taking over 10 pages of notes I found  areas that didn't make sense.  One of the most unrealistic components is  Jane being a cheerleader; she is not the type. So naturally that would  affirm that her friendship with the superficial, self-absorbed Angela would  never have happened. [Come on, we've all been to high school; we know  things just don't work that way.]  Secondly, the &quot;King&quot; of  real-estate having an affair with a competitor in the middle of a highly  publicized divorce in a cheap hotel room also doesn't fit. Thirdly, Ricky's  Dad finding the one brief moment of tape of Lester lifting weights when  Ricky has been filming Jane 90% of the time was extremely unrealistic.  Fourthly, Ricky's Dad confronting Lester in such a manner was totally out  of his military character; nevertheless it was a very effective intense  scene.<br />So then why do you give it 5 stars if you see so many flaws, you  ask?  Because even with the flaws AMERICAN BEAUTY is mesmerizing and  definitely Beautiful. The Beauty supersedes the tiny flaws that I found and  really made me think. The movies that make the viewer think--truly think,  are usually the best movies. Because of this and countless more reasons, I  will buy a copy and keep it in my video collection forever.<br />As Kevin  Spacey, who so deservingly won Best Actor  says at the end: [we the  viewers] &quot;have no idea what I am talking about I'm sure.  But don't  worry, you will someday.&quot;<br />This movie is one of the best you will  ever see. &quot;SPECTACULAR!&quot;ound and  really made me think. The movies that make the viewer think--truly think,  are usually the best movies. Because of this and countless more reasons, I  will buy a copy and keep it in my video collection forever.<br />As Kevin  Spacey, who so deservingly won Best Actor  says at the end: [we the  viewers] &quot;have no idea what I am talking about I'm sure.  But don't  worry, you will someday.&quot;<br />This movie is one of the best you will  ever see. &quot;SPECTACULAR!&quot;
B00000K19E|3.0|First I'll praise: 1) Those people who say that the effects are bad: IGNORE THEM. They are Oscar deservant (though not this past year, when Star Wars should have won, but in any other year) 2) Good story 3) Cool fights  4) As a film score buff, I enjoyed the isolated music track<br />However, it  had some problems: 1) No emotion. During the fights, the actors kept a  straight face, which made it look like they were doing about 1% of what  they could have. 2) Hmmm... I can't think of a second.... so I guess I'm  done
6305363668|5.0|Having only seen the director's cut of Blade Runner, I cannot confer whether the original cut proves more cinematically effective.  However, I enjoyed the director's cut for its thorough sensuality, which is very hard  to attain in science fiction.  Harrison Ford is &quot;one cool cat&quot;,  besides being tossed around a lot.  I loved how Rutger Hauer played a  rutheless yet convincing villain.  Daryl Hannah was a knock-out, as well as  Sean Young (both who played struggling humanoids).  But leaning off the  acting point of view, Blade Runner is more visual than it is action.  The  film conveys futuristic corruption with a shade of beauty rather than  disgust, which narration tends to eliminate (as seen in the original cut).   Blade Runner is a lot like Stanley Kubrick's 2001, except focuses more on  human emotion than human development.  The cinematography delivers pure  artistic excellence; with stunning visual effects and steady cammera  movement.  The action is moderate and the acting may appear slightly bland,  but more than appropriate.  I loved the director's cut of Blade Runner  because of its steady intrigue, that which cheap hollywood endings and  sappy dialogue could never come close to delivering. It's not a very  complex movie, but it does require deep, moral contemplation.  The sound is  ok, as well as the dialogue.  I suggest that anyone yerning for visual as  well as humanistic emmotion buy Blade Runner.  Just sit down, turn on the  VCR, and explore the possibilities.  Enjoy!
B0000021RB|5.0|What an album. CTA was a raw gutsy rock album with vocal harmonies and horns thrown in. Robert Lamm wrote some incredible songs on this album. One of Chicago's best!
B00001ZULV|3.0|As a fan of the older Genesis -- Duke was the last  really good album, IMO -- I bought this ONLY for the truly excellent version of Carpet Crawlers. I overheard it by accident on the radio (! ) and was stunned by how great it  sounded. It makes you WISH that the best lineup - the crew from Lamb Lies  Down On Broadway -- would get together and record an album's worth of NEW  material... or do what they did here and rerecord some of the older stuff  (a la Steve Hackett's interesting Watcher Of the Skies)... If you are not a  big fan of LLDOB, skip this CD. If you are passionate for the old band and  you enjoyed the recent box set, sacrifice the $$ and get this for that ONE  rerecorded song.  Although the album got 3 stars, that one song gets 5+ ...
0380804557|4.0|Have always followed Gaiman on his comics rather than novel. My first attempt at his novel confirmed that I have given the correct support. Only seen his work through various artists' interpretation. But, boy, he is as  good in words as well. In Stardust, he painted a mystical Faerie world like  what he had created in his &quot;Books of Magic&quot; world. Simply out of  the world, so unpredictable but still retaining all the essences of  Arthurian's fairy and knight tales.<br />The scene are very beautifully  painted in words. But i felt that he should have elaborated more on some of  the interesting topics and characters in the novel. The 3 witches' origin,  the innkeeper's past or even Lady Stormhold's past could have been more  elaborated to add on the already captivating plot.<br />For a short novel,  Gaiman had done a great job...Let's hope he follows with a sequel.Do see  his other novel...&quot;Neverwhere&quot;. recommended!
3551551677|5.0|This translation of Harry Potter pulled even this native speaker of English along almost as well as the original book, and I would recommend it for anyone who's had a couple of years of German as a skill and vocabulary   builder. If you're struggling with Goethe or Thomas Mann, you need  something that will show you that German can be fun to read, and this book  will do the trick nicely. I suppose once could carp at a few things here  and there, but this translation is so superior to the French translation  that I wouldn't waste my time doing that, except to mention that Hermione's  name has for some reason been changed to Hermine. If you get stuck, at  least the trot's readily available!
0380789019|4.0|The theme of another world in London Underground was so original. Gaiman painted another world which we've long forgotten in the Modern world above. Like in the busy modern city, people under immense stress and hardship have  always long for a imaginery sanctuary. Underground London provided this  &quot;door&quot; to that sanctuary. A sanctuary of the minds.<br />Interesting  characters like the Baron at Earl Court, Hunter , the squire and of course  Lady Door made us look around us that the resemblance to some of the people  around us....not physically really. It also increase our curiosity of the  existance of yet another dimension with others who co-exist with our  world.<br />Richard Mayhew would represent a typical urban person who stumbles  upon this dimension accidentally. With a different set of rules in that  World, it shows us how an able city dweller can be so helpless in a alien  land. His feeling, emotions in relation to the strange world reflects what  many of us have hidden deep within us. The desire for an adventure but the  pullback of the comfort of a stable and sedentary city life.<br />well....the  next time I'm in London. I'm going to pay very close attention in the  subway. The dark end of the tunnels could have led us into  Neverwhere.<br />Highly recommended.
B000000WCV|5.0|Forget about Fatboy Slim's praise.  This is the dance album of the 90's by the dance band of the nineties.  I bought it based on the Around the World track and supporting video and it has become my favourite dance CD.  Apart  from Around the World the other hightlights (there are no duff tracks at  all) are Revolution 909, Burnin' (the CD single is awesome too)and De  Funk.<br />STOP THE MUSIC AND GO HOME!
B00004T40X|5.0|It took me quite some time to obtain this CD (not willing to pay some huge amount for the bonus version) but it was very much worth it. While only their first CD already they have proven themselves to be on the level with  Iced Earth, HammerFall and of course the mighty Iron Maiden. The music is  quite upbeat to say (as opposed to the dark, sinister and heavy style of  Iced Earth). The songs range from F-A-S-T (it might be power metal still  but some of these songs move along as quickly as thrash metal) to very  etheral with touches of classical music thrown in. Still power metal never  really was a genre that was about grinding your bones to dust and if such  is your taste simply acquire an album from Arch Enemy, Hypocrisy, In  Flames, Soilwork, Cryptopsy and many others and you will be more then  pleased. Considering how young the band members are and the technical skill  on display quite frequently there is no doubt that you will love this. For  something similar (besides the obvious Iron Maiden) I'd recommend Children  of Bodom, Stratovarious and Blind Guardian. If you like power metal then  buy this, very easy.
B00004TL21|5.0|they had awsome albums in the past and this one surpasses them all , they deserve some fame
6304639457|5.0|This gifted group of five brought forth each of their own enormous abilities to shine on one of the most unusual stage sets one has seen in years. The stage looking like a cross between a mother ship of the Future  and Star Trek [above the band] was the epitome of &quot;cool&quot;.This  proof is in the pudding concert for selected friends and others was crowned  by the wave of nostalgia of the best music. Founding members,Fleetwood and  the McVies and Buckingham&amp;Nicks shook off the pre-show jitters to a  magnificent night.The calmed,layed back style of the McVies balanced nicely  with the building momentum of the vocals from Nicks,solo guitar of  Buckingham and the drumming of the wild and always giving Fleetwood.Each  musician allowed to shine by the others and nodding smiles was  proof they  loved their night.Too bad the CD/cassette did not include all the music of  the evening.Let's hope this was not the last dance for Fleetwood Mac.
0140277447|4.0|When I first read this book it seemed like another boring assignment. Boy, was I wrong. It was detailed and great for simple reading. I was hooked after one page. Iris Chang does a awesome job. Although it had graphical  descriptions, she writes it so that you can keep reading without being to  grossed out. There was a problem that I encountered though. There was a few  thing that she(Iris Chang) left some details out. Overall though, this is a  detailed book on the Nanking Datusha (Great Nanking Massacre) that does a  great job shedding light on it. I congragulate this book, which jumped some  hurdles and triumphed!
B00003RQNJ|5.0|I have held this movie in high regard over the years and was ecstatic when they first announced this DVD was coming to market. I viewed it for the first time and all I can say is WOW!. The DVD transfer is superb and the  sound quality is fantastic. The color fidelity really shines when viewing  the Super Posse chase but great care was taken as all of the scenes look  almost as good as the original 35MM print. With the questionable  &quot;bonus&quot; items hastily thrown together on a lot of DVD releases  today is is refreshing that the same care and attention to detail that went  into producing and directing the original movie went into the production of  this DVD. The director/writer/cameraman commentary is excellent. A lot of  behind the scenes anecdotes and explanations of how scenes were shot are  intelligently discussed and proves once again that this movie was crafted  and created by movie making and acting professionals who were at the top of  their game in 1968. I was thoroughly engrossed by the interviews that were  filmed in 1994 (the 25th Anniversary of the original release of the movie).  The interviews with Paul Newman, Robert Redford, and William Goldman are  exceptional because of the different perspectives and viewpoints given on  how the movie got made and the effusive praise and credit heaped  (deservedly so on George Roy Hill, the Director). Not to take anything away  from the Katherine Ross and Burt Bacharach interviews which are also very  informative. The hour long documentary &quot;The Making of Butch Cassidy  and the Sundance Kid&quot; is also included in the bonus section and is  also must see viewing as it goes behind the scenes on how they filmed most  of the key story sequences. Students of film to just plain movie buffs will  pick up a lot of terrific inside film-making tips and techniques from this  documentary that is narrated by George Roy Hill, Paul Newman, Robert  Redford, and Conrad Hall. In summary, if you already have a VHS copyGET  THIS DVD! . It is a true American movie classic that was made the old  fashioned way. It told a great story cinematically with few  artistic/creative compromises. I see lots of parallels between George Roy  Hill and James Cameron because they are both fighters/(loathers of studio  execs (suits) and all of the money that they spend on the movie can be seen  when viewing the final cut. They demand (and get) the utmost respect from  their actors and film-making crew because they KNOW what they're doing!  Great Story+Great Director+Great Actors=Great Movie. I assure you this will  be one of the best DVD additions to your collection.
0553212737|5.0|I definitely recommend this book to first time Jane Austen readers, and especially to young girls, for it is so cute and so amusing. I wish I were &quot;forced&quot; to read this in High School for I would have surely  written good papers on it. I can't see how anyone can dislike this classic.  Jane Austen's character &quot;Emma&quot; has her faults of course, be she  is a true character that is amusing and utterly charming, unlike those  characters in Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility, which by no  doubt are wonderful books, but Emma truly has to be my favorite Austen  work. It is predictable, even without having seen the movie that was based  on this work (that mind some of you was written over 200 years before  Alicia Silverstone existed...gosh!) but the predictability of it made it  all the more enjoyable, like a sort of mystery in romance. I definitely  recommend this book to anyone over the age of 11 or 12. I know I'll make my  kids read it some day. It is superb!
B00003Q43A|4.0|Regardless of the implausibilities and poor acting in this film, I have strangely found it thoroughly enthralling since the first time I saw it.  I own the VHS and the DVD now, and the DVD was very sloppily put together.   The ends of some scenes are almost cut off, and there is a point when they  have a shot of Air Force One and the thing just pauses for a second --  unacceptable!<br />Nevertheless, with a DD receiver and 5.1 channels w/ a  decent TV, the city destruction sequence is...well, a semi-religious  experience.  Don't miss out!
B00003Q43A|4.0|I love this movie. this is a sci-fi film and total action from beginning to end. sometimes it is good to see a show with no-brainer. just sit back and enjoy the action kind of show.
0808514571|5.0|I never read Kurt Vonneguht before and, thus, had no idea what to expect from his book. Through the first few chapters I was a little confused to where he was taking this book; especially since it was said to be loosely  based on his own experiences during World War 2. Kurt forced the reader to  deal with the fantastic reality, that one could only view as absolute  humor, and forced us also to deal with the harshness of life and death and  the fine line between them. He intertwined the two and created a character  whom was eternally trapped re-living his War days and the time when he was  abducted to the planet Tramalfagador ( I probably spelled that wrong ). One  cannot completely overlook the meaning of the &quot;imaginary&quot;  world....because who is to say what is reality and what is not....I  certainly dare not impose my opinion; figure it out for yourself.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|This is a genuine Iron Maiden album. It could be considered as good as Powerslave and The Number of The Beast. A must have
0553296981|5.0|I was searching through some old books that I had and I came upon this particular story. I knew little about what it contained and I consequently decided to give it a try. Nothing could prepare me for what this book  contained on its pages....this girl was brilliant. I could only hope that I  had so much insight now at 22 that she had at 13 or 14. I absolutely  commend her father for his decision of publishing her collection of diary  entries. It allows the outside world, even over 50 years later, to actually  feel what these persecuted jews felt like while they lived in utter  seclusion. If one is looking for excitement in a story...this is not it but  if you are looking for content....this is your book.
B00000DHZJ|5.0|a fan of both eric clapton and hendrix, im not getting into that whole ordeal. im also just 14, like a previous reviewer, and i too know my tunes. this is such an incredible cd, every song is beautiful and so unbelievable.  it makes such a difference to have this cd in your collection. feel free to  email me. noel19@alloymail.com
B000002MZ6|5.0|This is one of the BEST albums of any sort I have ever heard.  I love Tubular Bells (particularly Tubular Bells 2).  But this album never fails to make me feel good about life!  It is a very beautiful piece of music -  everything music should be.  I mean, when Arthur C. Clarke himself blesses  the music (the album's title comes from one of his books), that alone tells  you something. There is a bonus, as well.  This is an extended CD (For Macs  Only, I'm afraid--borrow a friends Mac!), Mike's artistic abilities are not  limited to his music.  Buy this CD...you won't regret it.
0767903854|5.0|I don't know if it's because Bill Bryson loves to drink beer or the fact that he writes so entertainingly that makes me like him so much.  But whatever it is, &quot;In a Sunburned Country&quot; is a wonderful book  about a little-known country.  You will enjoy this book and probably more  each time you read it.
B000005JAK|5.0|This is far and away my personal favorite from the Minneapolis trio.  There is an abundance of emotion, intelligence and power on Candy Apple Grey.  There is a near perfect blend of songs, Mould getting credit for  6/Hart for 4.  The only song I don't like on CAG is Mould's Crystal.  It's  too noisy and muddy.  The Grant Hart songs are Don't Want To Know If You  Are Lonely/Sorry Somehow/Dead Set On Destruction/No Promise Have I Made.   Don't Wanna Know, Sorry &amp; Promise seem to be written from the  perspective of the jilter in a relationship, whereas Mould's Too Far Down  &amp; All This I've Done For You are from the side of the jilted.  This is  defintely a breakup album, make no mistake about it!  There are, however, a  few songs that have nothing to do with splits.  It is through the  interjection of these songs(Dead Set, Eiffel Tower High, Hardly Getting  Over It, etc.) that CAG finds its perfect symmetry.  This is a devastating  record if you are an emotional person.  I highly don't recommend it if you  are a sociopath...you wouldn't get it.  Oh, and no one ever mentions Greg  Norton...he's the bass player.   I should also mention that the  booklet(liner notes, lyrics) is 15 pages, which is a great thing because  Mould &amp; Hart are both excellent lyricists.
6300248550|5.0|I have read &quot;Jane Eyre&quot; several times through, and have seen EVERY version ever filmed of this masterpiece, and this one FAR surpasses all the others!  It is the ONLY version that I've purchased for my  collection; I've bought three more copies to give as gifts to friends, and  they have responded with profuse praise and delight!<br />Kudos to the BBC, to  Timothy Dalton and Zelah Clarke, and to a superb supporting cast!
6305718954|4.0|Yes, it is just a movie...  but it touches on some very interesting religious points.  The book of Thomas referenced in the film is real - though it is actually the words that Thomas felt Jesus would say if he had  written them - not the writings of Jesus himself as presented in the film.  It was written a long time after Jesus and all the Apostles had died.  I  must be honest, though - I wish it were a true story.  It was an excellent  film!
6301966015|4.0|Mid-way through this arresting 60s classic is a scene where David Hemmings, playing a somewhat disaffected and selfish photographer, goes to a rock club to listen to the Yardbirds. As he covets EVERYTHING he sees  (boy wouldn't this prove to be cultural prophecy?), he goes out of his way  to get hold of the arm of a smashed guitar, only to realize he doesn't know  what it is FOR or WHY he really wants it.<br />Such are the people who  populate BLOW UP and the bulk of Antonioni films: modern people who don't  look inside much, adrift in consumerism and pop trash, bumping from one  sensation to the next. Interwoven into this quagmire of sleeping souls is a  non-plot about perception and the &quot;nothing is what it seems&quot;  theory that ranks up there with Roeg in content if not pizzazz, and that  went on to have its bones picked by Coppola and DePalma in &quot;The  Conversation&quot; and &quot;Blow Out&quot; respectively.<br /> BLOW UP is a  curious time capsule: we see the incursion of the middle East into London,  fashions so old they look new; Herbie Hancock's still-hip organ-based jazz  themes which have already been redone by acid jazz groups and sampled by  Dee-Lite; Veruschka looking very svelte and sexy; and David Hemmings as  handsome as he would ever be. Sure, Antonioni's only weakness was wrapping  up the last 30 seconds of his films, and that flaw surfaces here with the  mime troupe as it does with the last oblique images of &quot;The  Eclipse&quot;, but I still want this one on DVD, anyway.
6305807086|5.0|I had the wonderful experience of seeing this film without knowing *anything* about it.  I honestly didn't even know John Malkovich was in the film.  Let me tell you, this was an absolute roller-coaster ride!  Excellent film!
6303269826|4.0|I love movies that aren't necessarily trying to make a statement about what is right and what is wrong.  This is one of those films.  <br />In the beginning we say a young Wyatt Earp as a farmer and husband who is left as  a young widower.  From there he begins to wallow in self pity, alchohol and  mayhem.  He then heads for the new west where he begins to find himself and  build his crew.<br />Along the way he meets his calling as a lawman.  But  irrespective of the legend we are introduced to a man with many of the same  shortcomings as us all in addition to his many virtues.    <br />I have been  drawn to this film again and again although it is at times slow moving and  at others seemingly pointless.  Of particular interest to me are the scenes  after he becomes a deputy until we see him as a retiree.  In those we see a  man of many different motivations and loyalties.<br />Perhaps what I found  most appealing is the fact that this collection of 'pretty boys' were able  to bring to life some very hard nosed realities and grim  circumstances.<br />Fabulously directed and of particular note is the  performance of Dennis Quaid as Doc Holliday.  He really stills the movie  with his southern drawl, quick wit and portrayed sickness.<br />Highly  recommended.
B000002ADT|5.0|Virtually everyone in the US has heard of Miles Davis(he was even mentioned in Adam Sandler's &quot;Billy Madison&quot;), but probably only half of the people who have heard his name has ever really listened to his  music. Until last fall, a person could have placed myself in the latter  category. What prompted me to purchase a Miles Davis album was curiosity,  why was this man revered by so many people?<br />After purchasing &quot;Kind  of Blue&quot;, my previous question sounded quite idiotic. I was just  captivated by every song on the album, it left me wanting to hear more of  one of Jazz's greatest musicians. Every song, especially tracks #2 and #4,  show how Jazz music is still superior in every aspect to contemperary  music. The sheer elegance and beauty of Mile's music is mind boggling.  Words, from a Jazz afficiando, or a Jazz novice such as myself, could not  possibly do the music on this album justice, it is simply the most  magnificent music produced since Beethoven's 'Appasionata', and  'Pathetique'. My advice would be to purchase this monumental classic  without delay, you couldn't possibly find more brilliant music anywhere  else.
0767903854|5.0|This is a marvelous and witty book which reveals Australia as it really is - vast and mostly empty.  Having lived in various parts of Australia for several years, I can attest to Bryson's veracity. I wholeheartedly  recommend this treasure to anyone interested in the real Down Under life. A  minor criticism is that he didn't cover Tasmania, which I and many others  consider the most beautiful part of Australia. But hey - he can't cover it  all.  That would take months. Also, there is little description of the  beautiful cities and the conditions therein.  Nevertheless, the book is a  gem and is full of interesting facts and information.  Not to mention  Bryson's incomparable droll humor.  Don't miss it!
B000002L9W|5.0|I was a major fan of VH in the early eighties, and felt like dying when the split happened. Buying 5150, I felt let down - very dull. This, however, is where it's at! The band are on top form. DLR was quoted that VH  didn't want to 'pull the rug out'(from under your feet) anymore, and  listening to the two recordings, it's clear what he was saying.<br />This is  Dave's best, and I haven't bought a VH recording since(because they're  dire).
0425129586|5.0|When someone suggested this book to me as Ten Little Indians, I couldn't find it. I'm glad one of my friend did find it because its a great book to read. It is suspenseful and I like the way everything came together in the  end. I really enjoyed this book.
B00000BKDZ|4.0|My 'fanship' was beginning to wane with the likes of Metallica's '...Justice' blowing everything away, but, on reflection, I feel this album was their (1st? ) pinnacle. <br />Yes, I know it's pompy with the same old  chord structures and formulas, but as an album unit, gells extremely well.  The songs are well played, produced and constructed - the mood conveyed is  quite uplifting! Madness is a great song! <br />Lyrically, it's a bit Ronnie  James Dio (not good at all!), but who cares?<br />Less domanant synths than on  SIT and a better album for it. But enough to envoke the mood. Downhill from  this record..but I haven't heard BNW yet!
6304508611|5.0|I recently saw the movie &quot;Carrie&quot; on cable and I finally realized why it still holds up today. It's not because of Piper Laurie's over-the-top turn as the mother (so much scenery chewing the dialogue is  drowned out) or William Katt's gradual succumbing to the title character's  charm or even the incomparable Sissy Spacek's ability to deliver volumes of  emotions with just a simple look. It's the quiet moments that I like: the  look on Katt's face in the classroom when Spacek declares  her(quiet)admiration for his poem, the visitation of Laurie to Amy Irving's  mother to read scripture, the scene at the prom table between Betty Buckley  and Spacek etc. All of these add up to so much more than the typical teen  heartbreak high/horror high fright flick and show why this movie remains so  effective nearly 25 years after its theatrical release.
B00000768B|2.0|I originally purchased this album on vinyl (anyone remember that format?) from a Swedish record dealer during the late 1970s.  At that time an ABBA obsessive, I was rather confused as to why &quot;Ring, Ring&quot; had never  been released in the U.S.  After hearing the tracks on this album, I  understood why Atlantic had chosen against issuing it stateside.  While  some of the songs, particularly &quot;Ring, Ring&quot; itself, Agnetha's  compilation &quot;Disillusion&quot; and &quot;I'm Just a Girl&quot; are  pleasant enough, others, such as &quot;Rock 'n' Roll Band&quot; and  &quot;Me and Bobby's...&quot; are shockingly bad.  To be fair, every ABBA  LP contained at least one song that should have remained in the vaults, and  this effort was issued very early in their collective career.  The  preponderence of awful songs on this album, however, makes it one to skip  for all but the most die-hard fans.
6304508611|5.0|I recently saw the movie &quot;Carrie&quot; on cable and I finally realized why it still holds up today. It's not because of Piper Laurie's over-the-top turn as the mother (so much scenery chewing the dialogue is  drowned out) or William Katt's gradual succumbing to the title character's  charm or even the incomparable Sissy Spacek's ability to deliver volumes of  emotions with just a simple look. It's the quiet moments that I like: the  look on Katt's face in the classroom when Spacek declares  her(quiet)admiration for it, the visitation of Laurie to Amy Irving's  mother to read scripture, the scene at the prom table between Betty Buckley  and Spacek etc. All of these add up to so much more than the typical teen  heartbreak high/horror high fright flick and show why this movie remains so  effective nearly 25 years after its theatrical release.
B000002L9J|4.0|When I was a young lad of 13, this album was almost the centerpiece of my collection. I felt angst, depression, alienation - and hey, so did these Brits!  The music was catchy, but fit in with the image I felt was  important at the time - it made most of the Van Halen lovers scoff and  mock.  Hm, being a teenager is a strange time. Anyway, the music is varied  but of high quality, and the mood isn't all gloom - there is dry irony that  I didn't appreciate until I listened with more educated ears years later.
158234082X|2.0|As a 9 year old Enfant Terrible at the beginning of KITCHEN CONFIDENTIAL, the author, Anthony Bourdain, discovers the power of food while on a vacation in France with his brother and parents. More to the point, he discovers food's power to shock and amaze as he eats local delicacies that otherwise make the rest of his family gag. By his own admission, he enters young manhood as \\" a spoiled, miserable, narcissistic, self-destructive and thoughtless young lout, badly in need of a good ... kicking\\". Then, he got his first job as a restaurant dishwasher. By the end of the book, Bourdain is executive chef at Brasserie Les Halles in New York City. In between, we follow his upward advancement through the culinary hierarchy: salad station, broiler station, independent caterer, line cook, sous-chef, executive chef. More often than not during the first half of his career, he admits to being stoned on one or another controlled substance. However, Bourdain also has an evident talent for cooking and organization, and by the book's second half he's sobered up and on his way to a career of distinction.<br />Reviews of CONFIDENTIAL laud the author's wicked wit as he reveals to us the uninitiated the secrets of the kitchen behind those swinging doors. Was it witty? Not really. Was it informative? Yes, but do I really need to know that the Rainbow Room's locker-room was a \\"gruesome panorama of dermatological curiosities ... boils, pimples, ingrown hair, rashes, buboes, lesions and skin rot ...\\" Or, that the odors of the place \\"combined to form a noxious, penetrating cloud that followed you home, and made you smell as if you'd been rolling around in sheep guts\\".  Hmm, local color perhaps.<br />To be fair, there are one or two terrific chapters, particularly \\"How to Cook Like the Pros\\", in which Bourdain lists and describes what the pro absolutely needs, and \\"A Day In the Life\\", in which he describes a typical, grueling day on the job from 6:00 AM to near midnight. Clearly, it isn't a career choice for a couch potato.<br />I guess my greatest objection, and disappointment, was that I just never liked the guy. While enormously talented, he's also way too self-absorbed. He's an Enfant Terrible grown into a Jerk. His best buddies, also in the biz, are apparently just as professionally talented and personally dysfunctional. He barely mentions Nancy, his wife, who has to put up with him, and is quite likely a saint. His disdain for the paying public is often glaring, as when he refers to weekend diners as \\"rubes\\". Well, this is one Rube who would just as soon dine on slop at the local Denny's than sit down to his finest creation ENDcareer choice for a couch potato.<br />I guess my greatest objection, and disappointment, was that I just never liked the guy. While enormously talented, he's also way too self-absorbed. He's an Enfant Terrible grown into a Jerk. His best buddies, also in the biz, are apparently just as professionally talented and personally dysfunctional. He barely mentions Nancy, his wife, who has to put up with him, and is quite likely a saint. His disdain for the paying public is often glaring, as when he refers to weekend diners as \\"rubes\\". Well, this is one Rube who would just as soon dine on slop at the local Denny's than sit down to his finest creation END
6304057709|5.0|This is a movie you watch over and over. It's extremely well done and very moving.
B00004LN16|4.0|If you're an AC/DC fan, you'll love this CD!  There are a few cuts that are so-so, but, the majority are ROCKING, hard-driving, typical AC/DC! The heavy bass and drums make it impossible not to bop along!
6304779356|5.0|Forget about all the vampire movies you have seen! The Lost Boys is an unbeliavable movie made in the 80s. It's seen from the 90s, but is not. Is the best vampire movie, with the most beatiful actors i have ever seen,  specially the teenagers vampires. 10 out of 10. Buy it right now! Forget  about Fright Night, Interview with the Vampire, Blade, Vampires, The Hunger  and others usual vampires movies.
B00002SWEM|4.0|Excellent documentary tracing musical archaeologist Ry Cooder's &quot;SuperSession&quot; of forgotten Cuban musicians who are nonetheless legends in their country. Wonderful moments throughout, culminating in the  group's appearance at Carnegie Hall. Although the beautifully sung lyrics  don't easily translate all the time, I really dug the song about the gal  whose house was on fire because she went to sleep with the candle burning.
B00004THAY|4.0|I never really listened to much of BB King until about 4 years ago when I went to a Blues Festival and I witnessed a stunning performance by BB King.  His jokes and funny stories made you feel like you knew him for years.   Maybe the highlight was when he did a hard rock song that had a few in the  audiences head-banging! (Yes, this is BB King we're talking about) Then we  have Eric Clapton, a great, mellow artist with one heck of a gift of  playing the guitar.  These two together on one record brings a fabulous  performance, this will be one of the great new albums and is destined to be  a classic.  My favorites are &quot;Riding With The King&quot; and  &quot;Hold On I'm Coming&quot;, and &quot;Help The Poor&quot;...You Blues  Fans will not be dissapointed!
630467578X|3.0|Solid Ahnuld vehicle works best when it's satirizing TV game/&quot;reality&quot; shows, thanks to the (then) perfect casting of Richard Dawson, adequate in the shoot-em-up sequences. Steven DeSouza's one  liners aren't quite up to the ones in the magnificent &quot;Commando&quot;,  but I enjoyed it.
B000002J20|5.0|I always got an enormous kick out of these guys.  The hard driving beat that always got everybody up dancing.  I remember seeing the band at CBGB's around 1975 opening up for Television.  When they broke into a Dance of the  Dawn I'll never forget Joey Ramone and Debbie Harry jumping onto the stage  hoping to get close to their heros.  Steve Howe was chanting \\"Gabba  Gabba Hey\\" as Chris Squire clubbed a very drunk Johnny Thunders with  his Stratocaster.  Lou Reed (sporting his \\"deustchland uber  alles\\" blond crew cut)attempted to grab a mike and started a slurring  version of \\"Ritual\\" until he was dragged off the stage by a  hyper-upset Jim Carrol who was screaming \\"rock on; rock on; rock  on!\\".  All in all a night to remember.
6305807086|5.0|A movie so inventive and funny, I'd suffer through the entire Adam Sandler filmography if they'd let me see it again (except &quot;Bulletproof&quot;, of course). Especially memorable: what happens when JM enters his own  &quot;portal&quot; and the surprising turn of events when Craig (John  Cusack) manipulates JM for his own benefit. It's so refreshing to see a  movie devoid of that &quot;Test Audience Mentality&quot;. My sole regret is  that I knew anything about the plot before seeing it.
6302054982|5.0|This is a great movie &amp; if you don't have it as part of your mafia collection then you don't have a mafia collection. If your Italian and you havn't seen this I would be shocked.<br />PS: Like I say there is two kinds of  people in this world Italians and those who want to be.
0790737973|2.0|Sphere the movie vs. Sphere the book.  The book deals a lot with the emotions of each character:  Their thoughts, their emotions, and how they deal with their environment.  That's what makes the movie so confusing.   You DO NOT know what's going on in the characters heads.  My two cents  worth:  Read the book first, then when you watch the movie, you'll  understand what's going on and it will make more sense and be more  enjoyable (although the book is still so much better!)
B000002B1M|4.0|The follow up to Illmatic was great, however something became apparent upon listening.  It is clear that this was the beginning of Nas' fall into commercialism.  Thats how I saw it anyhow.  The main track &quot;If I ruled  the world&quot; was excelent and flowed like water.  Nas' lyrics have  meaning and the production was super.  Also, guest spots by the goddess  Lauryn Hill are always welcome.  Although I found that this was the  beginning of the transition, and others who have listened somewhat agree  with me.  Overall, I was very very satisfied.  Guest spots also include  Mobb Deep, the Firm, K-ci Hailey, and the doctor himself, Dr. Dre.  The  tracks are different in style, as production is done by a well collaborated  variety of producers.  Premier lays beats down, Dre himself, Havoc, Pete  Rock, and LES and the primary production of the album is done by  TrackMasters, a personal favorite of mine. None by Large Professor though.  Most notable cuts include If I Ruled the World, of course, Street Dreams  (excellent track), the Message (which is sampled by a song from  Sting),  Live Ni**a Rap w/ Mobb, and Black Girl Lost, which is very sweet and flows  right along.  Overall, a superior album!
B00003CXIP|5.0|I liked Stand By Me because it reminds me of my friends. it reminds me of my friends and  I because we have such imagination that we just take stupid chances.Stand By Me is my favorite movie. I saw for my first time when i  was 10. I'll never forget the funny situations they got into.
B000002B1M|4.0|The follow up to Illmatic was great, however something became apparent upon listening.  It is clear that this was the beginning of Nas' fall into commercialism.  Thats how I saw it anyhow.  The main track &quot;If I ruled  the world&quot; was excelent and flowed like water.  Nas' lyrics have  meaning and the production was super.  Also, guest spots by the goddess  Lauryn Hill are always welcome.  Although I found that this was the  beginning of the transition, and others who have listened somewhat agree  with me.  Overall, I was very very satisfied.  Guest spots also include  Mobb Deep, the Firm, K-ci Hailey, and the doctor himself, Dr. Dre.  The  tracks are different in style, as production is done by a well collaborated  variety of producers.  Premier lays beats down, Dre himself, Havoc, Pete  Rock, and LES and the primary production of the album is done by  TrackMasters, a personal favorite of mine. None by Large Professor though.  Most notable cuts include If I Ruled the World, of course, Street Dreams  (excellent track), the Message (which is sampled by a song from  Sting),  Live Ni**a Rap w/ Mobb, and Black Girl Lost, which is very sweet and flows  right along.  Overall, a superior album!
0060920084|5.0|There are two view that readers seem to take on Bill Bryson : thos that enjoy the humorous side of his books and those who appreciate the travel.<br />This, in my opinion, is the only book in which he has managed to excel  at both.<br />Though born in Des Moine, Iowa, Mr. Bryson spent many years  living in England. His travels through small town USA are therefor  part-tourist, part-native. His insights are very accurate and his  desciptions are informative without being dull.<br />Once or twice, he  overdoes the humor by repeating a joke, but he more than makes up for that  in othe parts of the book. Mr. Bryson shows us a side of the US that not  many of us see in our mad-dash everyday lives. I first read this book while  living in England and then again after living in Arizona for a number of  years. Having had the benefit of spending time in both places, I  appreciated the humor more the second time around.<br />The Lost Continent is  not a guide book and you're not going to find it too much use if you're  planning a drive across the country. However, it's a useful book to read if  you want to take a little time to notice the smaller, less significant  parts of the world that we pass by.<br />And it's still the best of all his  books.
B00000AFWZ|5.0|Rhino has done it once again. They have taken a slice of musical history and given us a great set of music. Much of this stuff was not that popular. But, the best part about the music from the 60's happens to be the songs  that didn't hit big. &quot;Louie Louie&quot;, the quintessential garage  song, is here, but not until the last disc. In the meantime, you get some  of the sleaziest, raunchiest rock and roll ever made. Much of the music  today on Modern Rock radio owes a great debt to these pioneering bands.
0767903854|4.0|You win some, you lose some. This latest offering by Mr. Bryson is closer to being a winner than some of his other books (especially &quot;Made in America&quot; and &quot;A Walk in the Woods&quot;). It's not up to  &quot;The Lost Continent&quot; standards, but not far off.<br />There are a  few laughs to be had as our familiar traveler makes his way across  Australia, visiting a huge number of places. Mr. Bryson writes well and his  descriptions and conversations are interesting, insightful and humerous.  Fortunatly, he is less smug than he has been been in some previous books as  well.<br />If you're looking for a guid to Australia, then this probably isn't  the travel book for you. If you're looking for a well written, humerous  look at another world, then this book is a must read.<br />Of course, I have  all the others, so I was bound to buy this one anyway...
B000002UZ4|4.0|Neal Tennant's voice is one of those instantly reecognizable sound of the 80s. Pet Shop Boy songs are still popular themes on TV and in the movies. They haven't really dated and are enjoyed by a wider audience today than  they were when they were released. This is, of course, the definitve Pet  Shop Boys collection and every track is excellent, even those less well  know songs. If you need some 80s nostalgia then you probably already have  this album. If you don't have it, why are you reading this review? Buy it!
B00004RFFM|5.0|Put aside your credibilities, and just sit back and enjoy this very enjoyable shark movie!  The movie has lots of surprises, particularly who gets it and when they get it!  It also has some really top-notch visual  effects and outstanding chase and action sequences.  It's like one of those  movies you went to back in the fifties and sixties and wanted to stay and  see a second time.<br />The plot is a little far-fetched but involving; the  cast won't win any Oscars, but why should they in this type of  film?<br />Ironically, the least effective portrayal comes from the biggest  name in the cast -- Samuel L. Jackson.  It doesn't help with those goofy  looking glasses, but Sam seems to come across an African-American proud to  play a rich billionaire!  But it's not a BAD performance, just a little  under what you'd expect from him.  The best performance comes from Thomas  Jane, a really convincing everyday kind of guy who seems sincere in his  delivery and also truly plays the hero, but vulnerable and not superhuman!  I hope we see more of Mr. Jane in the future.<br />The rest of the cast is  adequate and effective.  LL Cool J continues to be a pleasant addition to  any &quot;scary&quot; movie (did you see him in &quot;Halloween H20?), and  he's fun to watch and cheer for.  Saffron Burrows is effectively icy as the  &quot;anti-heroine&quot;, and even though she does her Sigourney Weaver  rip-off of running around in her bra and underpants, the reasoning is sound  and she even puts her wet suit back on rather quickly!  Michael Rapaport is  a physical double for Sean Penn, and contributes nicely to the  ensemble.<br />I like this movie a lot, and it's the first shark movie since  the original &quot;Jaws&quot; that delivers!  Sit back and enjoy, and stay  out of the water!
6304711905|5.0|Sorry Kurt but Val stole the show!I watched this movie so many times my wife says I'm addicted to it.Kurt does play a decent Wyatt Earp but Val Kilmer is the man in this movie as Doc Holiday.The only thing I don't like  about it is the 2.35:1 screen ratio.I don't like this on any of my movies  in my collection.when i bought a 32&quot; TV,that's what i expect to  see!These &quot;half screen's&quot; are the worst thing to happen to TV in  my opinion.
6305810109|5.0|I can't remember the last time I was moved as much by a film as I was by this one. Maybe it has something to do with having parents about Alvin's age. I can't imagine a more perfect combination of great acting by Richard  Farnsworth (although I found Sissy Spacek a little annoying), great  direction, great script, great cinematography and a perfect score that  makes a highly underrated contribution to the film. If Amazon offered six  stars, this would deserve it.
B000005J56|5.0|The people that made this music have really let their souls do the playing, in combination with a belief of the beauty of their dreams..it is almost tangible!  Thank you all wonderful people of Cuba, you have shared  with us a diamond that was being left in the rough! I loved it!
B000002UAR|5.0|Although not their greatest, this is my favorite Beatles album.  The equal participation all the Beatles held in this album make it truely spectacular.  This album has the rare characteristic of being able to  listen to it all the way through.  It is deffinitly not a concept album yet  holds your attention through the entire album.  Great songs from the Ravi  Shankar like &quot;Love You To&quot; to the acid song &quot;Tomorro Never  Knows&quot; make this album what it is.  These risque songs are backed and  reinforced by classic rock such as &quot;She Said&quot; and &quot;Good Day  Sunshine.&quot;  The sing along &quot;Yellow Submarine&quot; is perhaps the  only cliche on this album.  The morbid &quot;Eleanor Rigby&quot; is viewed  as a sign of the Beatles orchestral ingenuity and signifies just how much  they new about music.  All in all, everyone should have this album as a  core for their collection.  It was made in the period as the Beatles just  transitioned to psychedilia and dabbled in raga with sitars.  Yet it was  before the rock orientated Let It Be and Abbey Road.  This album is a must  have for all rock lovers!
B000002ITG|5.0|It's strange, the Zeppelin legacy. Nowadays, Zep. are largely regarded as the original heavy metal rock dinosaurs whose cartoon excess on tour and on stage cataysed Punk and killed off the 60's. Odd that, as listening to this  collection of songs I can't find a SINGLE bloated heavy metal track among  them. If Metal spawns from below the waist, Zep music comes from an  altogether more sinister and mystic place. Sure, it has balls, and Zep  could rock with no peers (Rock &amp; Roll, Black Dog, Immigrant song etc)  but there is a restraint and spiritual discomfiture in this music which has  more in common with mediaeval troubadour folk than Deep Purple style lumpen  metal. Zepplin music is of shadows and needful things, not of MTV.  <br />Tracks like 'No Quarter' are EVERY BIT as chilling as Robert Johnson's  timeless recordings : ' The dogs of doom are howlin' more' indeed. 'Gallows  pole' is desperate, and 'the Battle of Evermore' is pure Canterbury tales:  Gothic, existential, disquieting.<br />There is lyrical conceit for sure  (unintentionally Parodied later by bands like Rush) but the sheer  magnificence of tracks like 'Kashmir' justify the Homerian timbre of the  lyric: ' O Father of the four winds fill my sails..'. Truly inspired by  ethnic music at is purest and most spiritual long before Paul Simon made it  trendy, Zeps best music draws from a huge variety of sources ALL of them  base, ancient, spiritual. <br />Page's restrained guitar work is more  effective than any cranked-up modern metaller can ever be, it's what he  doesn't play which says the most.<br />'the Rain Song' is just plain  beautiful, but again the retraint renders the song imploring, unfulfilled,  fearful like almost no other modern music.<br />Plant's early shredding vocals  (Whole Lotta Love, Communication breakdown) were effective enough, but gave  way to an unsettling existential moan over time, (Kashmir, Achille's last  stand, No Quarter). John Bonham's sex groove underpinned all their best  work, and gave Hip Hop-pers an obvious drum sample along the way '(when the  levee breaks, the Ocean)<br />Don't buy this album as a historical document,  as you would , say, a Who album, for Like Gregorian Chant , Zep music is  both of it's time and timeless.<br />Buy it, love it and be unsettled. We will  never see their like again. <br />This album is essntial.
6304119046|2.0|I don't understand why this movie was voted to be No. 1 of all times! It's not special in any way - plot, actors, photography. Just an old movie!
0670824399|5.0|I read this book when I was 6, now 8 years later I still remember the content very well. A little girl who was a genius but his parents never discovered it, they never cared much about her at all. At school, Mrs  Trunchbull, was an extremely mad and unresonable headmaster who threw  school children up the air just for fun.<br />   Although the environment  Matilda grew up in wasn't nice at all, she met her class  teacher(err..forgot her name), who appreciated her talent and gave sympathy  to her situation. <br />   Later, Matilda discovered that she had supernatural  powers and used it to teach Mrs.Trunchbull a lesson, and the headmaster was  nowhere to be seen again after she fleed from her house in a hurry.  Matilda'a father, because of  selling old cars dishonestly, had to escape  from the country as well. Matilda offered to stay in her teacher's house  and so they lived happily ever after.<br /> I just love the stories told by  Roald Dahl, his stories always fascinate me, his words are suitable for  children and the stories are full of imagination.
158234082X|4.0|Tony Bourdain, the Keith Richards of the culinary world, has written an entertaining and shocking &quot;dish&quot; book in &quot;Kitchen Confidential: Adventures in the Culinary Underbelly.&quot; With the advent  of armchair adventures of food television, Americans are glamorizing the  chef as cult hero. Bourdain takes the reader behind &quot;the line&quot; to  show that cooking is not pretty. While this book will not scandalize the  New York restaurant business as did Upton Sinclair's &quot;The Jungle&quot;  for the Chicago meatpacking industry, it will give pause to those who are  willing to look past his &quot;raw&quot; presentation to discover his  satiric &quot;bite.&quot;<br />As a long time vegetarian, I am a member of one  of Bourdain's &quot;hate groups,&quot; but,  oddly enough,  his  &quot;forking&quot; did not offend me. As he says himself, this book is a  &quot;rant,&quot; which I hope is a but a preface for a second book in  which he will find further courage to fling open the back doors of more hot  kitchens.  <br />An aside for female readers: yes, this book is phallocentric,  but so is the world which Chef Bourdain describes. At times, I found the  language of the kitchen to be appalling, but that is the reality of what  one does not hear from the &quot;four top.&quot; Read this book and learn  from him!
0425166805|5.0|If humanity believed in this book then man's life on earth may better many times. This book is really spiritual in a great sense. It throws the old and traditional idea within the human mind framework of the so called high  values of religion and its practices, to dust. I admire that because those  values are really faulty and that religion is prejudiced today, be it  Chritianity, Islam, Judaism, Buddhism, Hinduism or any other religions (I  myself am Hindu)! If you want to know why, then read this book. It came out  of a Swiss man, if i am right! That is interesting for me to know too and i  would try not to forget this book when i die.
6305903182|4.0|I first viewed Scream when I was reluctant of it's success. I was convinced that it would flop. Boy was I wrong. Scream 1 set the stage for this hip and frightening trilogy. Introducing us to the key players of the  story. Scream 2 put all the protagonists into a huge hole from where they  would have to get themselves out. Scream 3 bypasses both films and takes  the movie out with a bang. Sidney's backstory of her mother is finally  revealed with so many secrets being uncovered. The best part was the list  of suspects that could be the mysterious ghostface killer. Wes Craven, when  will this trilogy be out on DVD as a gift set. I'm dying for it.
0679746048|4.0|This book is a wonderful example of how close we all teeter between the land of sanity and insanity.  Many of the feelings she expressed felt real to me, authentic.  Many days I struggle to get out of bed because of  depression and I know that if I choose, I can stay in bed, ignoring the  world around me and disappear from life forever, or I can get up and  struggle to make it through another day.  Susanna was too happy to give up  the control of living her own life.  She makes the conscious effort to  climb from the depths of her own destruction.  I just rented the movie and  enjoyed it so much that I am going to start re-reading the book tonight!
0670813028|5.0|This book is one of the scariest books by Stephen King that I have ever read. Not since I was a kid and read Salems Lot have I looked under the bed before going to sleep. I did after reading It!<br />Once you read this you'll  never look at a clown the same way. <br />Something is killing children in  Deary, Maine. What is It! Read and find out.<br />If you truly like horror and  don't mind blood, guts and gore then this book is the one for you. Long at  about 1000 pages but worth every word. If it wasn't for all those other  books out there I would read this one again.<br />If Mr. King didn't receive  an award for this book he certainly should have.<br />This is a must read.
B00003CWTI|1.0|Magnolia has been hailed as wonderful and groundbreaking when instead, people should be looking at Paul Thomas Anderson and see him for what he is...a ripoff.  The film is just Scorcese, Altman and Woody Allen all mixed  into one.  Anderson spent three hours building up these great characters  and then couldn't go anywhere with them.  The film was just  self-indulgience on the part of Anderson and for all those people  complaining that Gus Van Sant's, shot for shot Psycho remake was pointless,  just wait till you see Anderson's shot for shot remake of Short Cuts.  At  least Van Sant had the decency to give credit to Hitchcock, as opposed to  Anderson giving credit to himself.   I watched this film three times to  really try and figure out what everyone was so crazy about and  still...nothing.  You want a well made film about different characters?  Go  watch The Thin Red Line.  Go watch The Celebration.  Go watch Gummo.  Go  watch anything.  Just please don't waste your money on someone who has made  his living off figuring out how to remake other director's films while  getting around copywrite laws.
0385121679|5.0|I just re-read this book after several years. With nothing better to do I started reading it on a rainy Sunday morning and read the entire book. It is probably the best book ever written by Stephen King. It's my favorite  and I have read most of them.<br />There are many scenes in this book that  will get you jumping at the least little sound.<br />Unfortunately, having  seen the movie (I watch it whenever it's on) I kept picturing the  characters as they are in the movie. However, it did help when trying to  create a mental picture of the Overlook Hotel.<br />If you want to read a good  Stephen King book this is the one for you.<br />WARNING: Like others have  said, keep your back to the wall when reading it or read it on the beach on  a sunny day.
B00000IPAX|5.0|OK, I admit it, I haven't been a fan of Blink since Cheshire Cat.  Although I loved Dammit when it was played on the radio, I didn't get a Blink CD until this one came out.  I now have all their CD's and they are  my favorite band.  This is a great album, although Dude Ranch is better.   I'm tired of hearing them get called sell-outs and people saying they're  not punk.  Since when is it bad for a band to get the recognition they  deserve?  You should be happy for them and get over the fact that little  12-year old girls are going to like them.  Face it, their sound hasn't  changed all that much.  And of course this is punk.  It's poppy, but still  punk.  Anyway, I know I'll get labeled a teenybopper if I say this, but All  the Small Things is my favorite song on the album.  It's a great song, so  what if everyone knows the words?  I also really like Going Away to  College, but all the songs are great.  My least favorite is The Party Song,  which is still a decent song.  One of the things I really like about Blink  182 is that they take turns singing.  I love Tom's little whiny voice, but  if he sang all the songs, he would get annoying.  And if Mark sang all the  songs, his voice would get boring.  If you like this CD, buy Dude Ranch  now!
0671042858|5.0|Not the usual Stephen King but nevertheless easy to read, you want to know &quot;what happens next&quot; to Trisha. Not the sort of little girl that gets on your nerves at all. A younger version of the women in the book Rose  Madder, a strong character. Recommended to all readers not only  &quot;horror&quot; afficionados.
B000002KET|5.0|no more comments: this CD is simply THE BEST. Buy it. It's a MUST!
B000002TLX|5.0|too start i brought this album 2 days and haven't stopped playing it yet It Is sooo good starting with &quot;Don't mean nothing&quot; wonderful song then there's &quot;Angelia&quot; 1 of the most beautiful songs I've ever  heard then there's &quot; Right here waiting&quot;  &quot; Hold on 2 the  Nights&quot; couple of touching songs of love then there Is the heart  tugger &quot;Children of the night&quot; then there Is one of my favorite  on the album &quot;Until I find U again&quot; wonderful song that I can  relate 2 so all In all It has got 2 be one of the best greatest hits  ever...
B000002MUN|4.0|To clarify this a bit, Wildflowers is probably the last truly original classic album created by an artist of the baby boomer generation (of which I am a part).  Fifth star is withheld because of redundant material at the  end of the album.  A real change of texture from earlier TP releases; much  more of a folky, spontaneous feel (apparently by design). Influences now  broadened beyond the usual McGuinn/G. Clark/Hillman, now include Dylan,  Neil Young, Stephen Stills and early Stones (Honey Bee), and the Beatles.   In earlier days, a half dozen singles would have spawned from this album:   Wildflowers, You Wreck me - classic, no holds barred rock (a great tune for  you garage bands out there), You don't know... (you gotta love the  drummer), King, Don't fade, Time to move on.  All could be classics in  their own right.  Cabin down below - one of my favorites. Its great when  40+ yr. old guys try to re-adopt an adolescent persona, there's hope for us  all yet. I have owned this CD for five years.  I listen to it as if I just  bought it yesterday.  Life would be less enjoyable without it. A very  strong buy.
B00000ILDE|5.0|\\"Marines, we are leaving!\\" One of the most memorable lines from this modern day classic. Upon it's release on DVD - Director Cameron added an extra 17, or so, minutes of additional footage - which helps explains  certain storylines within the movie.<br />The video is crisp and the full  vision of the Aliens' environment can be viewed. The sound in the movie  theatres made this movie one of the scariest action films of all time - now  we can enjoy the sound of the Aliens in our own home. (Just be careful if  you have a good surround sound system - you may catch yourself look behind  you to see if you can spot that Alien you just heard!)<br />Also of note, is  the \\"Behind the Scenes\\" portion of the DVD. It is always interesting to  hear and see the movie being created.
B00003CX6P|5.0|i know that most of the people who watched this film found it boring and meaningless but personally i found it fascinating tom ripley is a person who  needs to be loved and wishes to receive importance that is why he was  ready to give dickie his life because he gave him such importance and  showed him that he is somebody interesting who is not rejected from the  society like tom ripley thought himself to be however dickie who gets bored  quickly got bored with tom no sooner and wanted him to go away and ofcourse  htis was a great shock for ripley because once again he saw himself as a  rejected person and it seems to me that tom ripley can`t hold such shock  and frustration of dickie so he kills him . this is actually the charceter  of tom ripley he yearns for love and care because he lacks self-confidence,  lonely, and belongs to a low social class .---
630516889X|5.0|The DVD version of this movie makes viewing this film even more enjoyable then it has been in the past. The audio and video clarity make this film one of the best on DVD. The witty and sometimes humorous dialogue is an  added bonus to this suspenseful action film. Another bonus to this film is  that we can see Minnesota's favored son - in one of his biggest roles in  Hollywood. But it is Arnold who shines throughout this film as he hunts (or  is he hunted?) for the Predator.
B00003CXBK|5.0|Princess Mononoke is one of my all time favorite anime movies. The animation is beautiful, the story is compelling, and the music is just wonderful. I, however, will not purchase the dub only DVD and I suggest  everyone do the same. This movie is much better it it's orginal japanese  audio... and I'm going to wait for a DVD release with english subtitles.
B00004SCX6|3.0|I got this cd for my birthday as a gag gift, but i ended up listening to it. Britney's upbeat songs on this album ~ &quot;Oops..,&quot; &quot;Stronger,&quot; &quot;Don't Go Knockin' on My Door,&quot; &quot;What  U See,&quot; and &quot;Can't Make You Love Me&quot; are what she does best;  they're catchy and fun, regardless of the sometimes stupid lyrics and the  fact that they all kind of sound alike. &quot;Lucky&quot; is also one of  the better tracks on the album, it reminds me of &quot;Born to Make You  Happy,&quot; in that it was exactly a faster song, but not slow either.  HOWEVER! Here is a word of advice for Britney Spears ~ do us ALL a favor  and leave the ballads to singers who actually have amazing vocal talents,  such as Christina Aguilera and Jessica Simpson!  No matter how many records  she sells or how many teenybopper fans she has, Britney Spears does NOT NOT  NOT have a good voice at ALL. Her voice is whiny and annoying at times. And  these slow ballads such as &quot;Don't Let Me Be the Last To Know&quot; and  &quot;Where Are You Now&quot; just make that so clear, that she can't sing!  One of those songs will never have the soul and power of something like  &quot;I Turn To You&quot; or &quot;I Wanna Love You Forever.&quot; And  could you see Britney trying to sing one of these ballads? I don't think  so. One last thing ~ I'm sorry, cause i know she co-wrote it or whatever,  but &quot;Dear Diary&quot; is quite possibly the stupidest song i've ever  heardin my life. So, basically what I think is that, as long you skip  tracks 5, 9, 11, and 12, this album could be pretty good.
B000001FY9|4.0|This Album was what started me off on Reggae. I was fifteen, in my friends room and he put on some of this and, well, you know how almost magical this album feels. Robert Nesta (or Bob) Marley was born in Jamaica in 1947 and  did have a few early successes through the sixties, when he had a quite  dodgy short back and sides haircut. However, it was a slow musical change  of direction and the outward manifestation of Marley's rastafarianism (i.e  the dreadlocks, the songs of 'I', the ganga) and his happy go lucky  attitude to life that really saw an upsurge in his popularity in the mid  sventies, culminating in 1978, his peak year when album sales were through  the roof and, to all intents and purposes, he was the ambassador of  Jamaica. Sadly though he died of cancer in 1980, but left behind a  marvallous body of work, of which only a tiny fraction is available on this  album. This is a very good introduction to one of Reggaes true greats, just  hear songs like 'is this love?' 'three little birds' and 'redemption song'  and you know what I mean. If you like this album, I would reccomend  listening to another classic reggae singer, Horace Andy who pioneered Roots  Reggae in the early seventies and has a voice as sweet as honey. In  conclusion, a highly reccomended album of the king of reggae
B00000J631|5.0|I Love This cd, but blink 182 ruins it, there is good agnostic front stuff on it as well as black flag, lunachicks, gwar,misfits, 7 seconds, and like so many other good old school stuff. if you are a hardcore oldschool fan  than get it anyway, its really easyto skip tracks so enjoy.
B000005DQR|5.0|Dj shadow has done a wonderful job with this album. The music and its beats are very chill, very mellow. I can't believe shadow made this music entirely out of samples. Listening to this cd makes you wonder about life!   I put this on and feel like I am dreaming. In fact, I put on this cd when i  am sleeping and it gives me wonderful dreams. A must have for music fans  especially for hip hop/trip hop fans. Best track is long stem and midnight  in a perfect world.
0767836286|5.0|The movie begins very suspensefull rightaway. The openingsscene is very disturbing and the strongest scene of the movie. <br />After that, the movie takes some time to show the characters lives and explain everything. If you  don't really pay attention this could be a bit boring but it is needed to  make this movie so good and suspensefull.  But this also makes this a movie  wich is very thrilling and good when you see it for the first time, but not  to watch it for a second time.<br />But the best thing of the movie is, like a  lot people are saying, the ending. It is very disturbing but logic. I won't  say more about it than that it is the best ending I have seen in a movie  for quite a long time.<br />The performances of Jeff Bridges and Tim Robbins  are very good but especialy Joan Cusack is very good though it is a bit  strange to see her in this kind of movie. But she is very believable as  Cheryl Lang.<br />So if you like good and a bit scary thrillers, you  deffinitly have to see &quot;Arlington Road&quot;.  But don't buy it.
B00004THAY|2.0|This is the worst CD I have ever heard!
B00003OST8|5.0|I read the reviews here and watched it again for the zillionth time. It IS the best movie ever made, with the legendary Errol Flynn as the legendary outlaw (perfect casting!) We need to campaign whoever has the rights to it  to issue it on DVD (what are they waiting for?)!  MEN and WOMEN OF  SHERWOOD!  WRITE THE COPYRIGHT OWNERS! And I'll second the notion that  Flynn is Robin re-born. Do you think the DA who trumped up the charges  against Errol in 1942 was a reincarnated Guy of Gisbourne?
6301442962|5.0|Another Christmas movie I watch every year is Miracle on 34th Street - the one with Maureen O'Hara and little Natalie Wood.  Goodness that little girl was a great actress, even before she met and married Robert  Wagner.<br />Miracle on 34th Street is the story of Santa Claus, the REAL  Santa Claus.  And you better believe he is real, or you might not get any  presents at Christmas.<br />He was so convincing that his lawyer got him  declared as the real Santa Claus.<br />Everybody from newborn to dead should  see this movie.  I know there are other versions, but this one is always at  the top of my list at Christmas.  Christmas just wouldn't be Christmas with  Miracle on 34th Street.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I'm 14, and I bought this c.d. after I heard &quot;Don't Think of Me&quot; on the radio. It is one of the most expressive and enchanting c.d.'s that I have ever heard, and I especially love the songs, &quot;Here With Me&quot;  and &quot;Take My Hand.&quot; Dido has one of the most haunting, beautiful,  and mysterious voices that I have ever heard.
6304145438|5.0|I guess you're all wondering, &quot;What's this gal doing?  Here it is June and all she can rate are Christmas films.&quot;  And I know I said you couldn't go through Christmas without White Christmas and Miracle on 34th  Street, but here's another one for you.  It's a Wonderful Life is a  wonderful classic about what life would be like if you were never born.   Now I know everybody out there probably wishes at one time or another that  they'd never been born.  &quot;Why, if I'd never been born, I wouldn't be  going through all this heartache and pain.&quot;  Heartache and pain, or  not, life is always worth living.  If you were never born, what would have  happened to your mom and dad, your brothers and sisters, your husband or  wife.  You would never have had the wonderful children that you hold so  dear.  Maybe you did something in your life that saved the life of someone  precious to you.  If you'd never been born, you could not have done  that.<br />If George Bailey had never been born, his little brother Harry  would have died when he broke through the ice when he was a child.  He  would not have grown up to save his entire regimen from the enemy during  World War II.<br />If George Bailey were never born, his mother would have had  to start a boarding house just to make ends meet.<br />If George Bailey were  never born, his wife Mary would have become an old maid, afraid of her own  shadow and ever shy.<br />If George Bailey were never born, he would never  have had his beautiful children, and there would have been no petals from  his youngest daughter, Zuzu.<br />If George Bailey were never born, there  would have been no Clarence the angel to come to Earth to show George just  how much he was needed.  The entire town relied on George.  If George had  not been around, the whole town would have gone to old man Potter and it  would not have been the nice little town it was with George.<br />So you see,  no matter how bad your life is, it would be worse if you'd never been born.
B00004RYZT|5.0|This DVD explodes with great audio.  The DD5.1 track completely immurses you with music.  When you're sitting in the middle of this powerful sound cranked up, you almost feel like you're in there with the crowd.  Audio =  A++<br />There are some minor problems with the Video, but nothing that you're  even going to notice if you're really listening to the music.  I just can't  get over how crystal clear the audio is.  Anyways, there's a few problems  with shimmer and artifacting, but who really cares?  This is mostly about  the sound.  In fact, who cares when you get Rammstein in a nice widescreen  format and dolby digital 5.1.  Hell you can even turn on the German  subtitles!  Video = A-<br />Bonus:  Alright.  Bonus material.  You get a 15  minute interview with the band and you can watch it with subtitles in  english, french or spanish.  There's even a hidden video  (&quot;Stripped&quot; from the Depeche Mode tribute album) that you get as  a bonus when you solve all of the triva on the DVD-ROM portion... oh yea..  the DVD-ROM portion that everyone seems to be forgetting about.  <br />This is  also NOT a single layer disc as mentioned in another review.  In order to  attain the 9GB of data that's on this disc, it's a specially made  dual-layer single-sided DVD.  Similar technology was used on stephen king's  &quot;the Stand&quot; to fit on one DVD (18GB dual-layered, double-sided)   <br />If you enjoy Rammstein and have a DVD player... BUY THIS!  IT'S  INEXPENSIVE AND COMPLETELY ROCKS.
B000025XDU|5.0|Many pleasures in life are privately enjoyed, yet publicly decried. Reading intentionally disposable magazines, watching mindless television, surfing the Internet--all relaxation in the form of guilty pleasures. In  the realm of popular music, Status Quo is a guilty pleasure. Status Quo's  fans concede that the group is an oddity, something that cannot be  explained, but which nonetheless enjoys unparalleled success in Britain and  embarks routinely on world tours (which, sadly, do not often include North  America). The Hello! recording, in particular, has immediate historical  relevance for North Americans, though. The Hello! album cover was the model  for the Spinal Tap recording that would emulate it, just as Status Quo  itself was the primary model for Spinal Tap, the band. Hello! is also the  recording that cemented Status Quo's music in the rock annals. The songs  exhibit the songwriting that launched the band's superstardom in most of  the world. &quot;Roll Over Lay Down&quot; is a tongue-in-cheek lyrical  paean to bed space, which, like all true art, remains open to  interpretation, and, like all great guitar-rock, literally &quot;takes  off&quot; in the middle. &quot;Claudie&quot; and &quot;Reason for  Living&quot; display the Fender Telecaster-driven countryesque underbelly  that, while certainly not in vogue with most heavy-rock fans in the early  '70s, was nevertheless part of Status Quo's enigmatic musical recipe.  &quot;Blue Eyed Lady&quot; embodies the '70s social scene, as it evidences  the Gibson SG &quot;growl&quot; that was working its way into the mix.  &quot;Caroline&quot; is perhaps the ultimate Status Quo song, a seemingly  simple, deceptively easy, catchy rock'n'roll song, ala Chuck Berry.  &quot;Softer Ride&quot; sublimely peels the onion of the Quo groove, while  it captures the rebel philosophy, circa '73 (albeit ironic at this point  for such a long-lived working band). &quot;And It's Better Now&quot;  breathes the collective sigh of artistic success, with shades of the  skiffle music that also informs the band's musical background. And lastly,  &quot;Forty-Five Hundred Times&quot;--a quintessential Quo tour-de-force,  starting in the jangly pathos of the Everly Brothers-like past before  proceeding into the propulsive, stormy stamping ground that would itself  later precipitate metal-rock music--rounds out the set. Hello! is the  recording that Status Quo band members recommend as a starting place for  those unfamiliar with their music. It would be accurate to say that those  with an interest in popular music cannot truly appreciate its evolution  without an understanding of the role Status Quo has played (and still  plays) in that music. But, as Ray Liotta's character in the movie Corrina,  Corrina quotes, &quot;Writing about music is like dancing about  architecture.&quot; And nothing could be truer when it comes to Status Quo.  What makes their music outstanding is the phenomenological interaction of  guitarist-songwriters Francis Rossi and Rick Parfitt. Not unlike Beatles  Lennon and McCartney, the whole is greater than the sum of its parts. If  you want to hear something that was (and still is) not quite like anything  you've ever heard, click Hello!, and give the Matchstick Men a listen  (don't forget to Turn It Up...).
B000002LKF|5.0|This is such an amazing CD. It's got the familiarity of Paul Simon's style with a twist of South American influence.  It's great how in this CD he shows how he's open to experimentation with different mediums and sounds.   This type of experimentation seems neccessary as this artist spans decades  and even the generation gap.  And i find it fascinating.  Through all the  unfamiliar bangs of the drums and strange choruses, Simon shines through  and pulls two seemingly opposites together. The experiment proves  successful, at least for me.  My favorite is number 9.
B00000FCBC|5.0|This Album by one of the best, and most influentiall rock bands of all time is one GREAT album, it is REALLY worth buying especially at the low price that this CD is being sold for.
6304509154|5.0|There has rarely ever been a movie that combines such intelligence, humor, a wonderful screenplay, brilliant and thoroughly believable ensemble acting, with such atavistic fears and stunning special effects.  The  Freelings are as unlikely a family to be plagued in such as way as can be  imagined:  wholesome, friendly, uncomplicated-- ordinary.  As the eerie and  inexplicable escalates into horror, their everyday ties to quotidian  beliefs are stretched and finally snapped.  So much in this film taps deep  responses-- and it is eerie even in details (the tree which son Robbie  fears IS a scary looking tree-- he tries to overcome this fear by climbing  it; clowns can be sinister and frightening; lighting storms are scary even  to many adults).  And the suggestion that the medium of television is one  by which unwholesome elements can gain entrance into people's lives is a  very powerful and disturbing one.  The acting in the film is wonderful; the  horror is leavened by wit and humor (after the paranormal researchers brag  about having seen some piddling example of the supernatural, their complete  flabbergastedness on encountering what is plaguing the Freelings is very  funny); much of the movie is like a nightmare or dark fairy tale (complete  with a good fairy, medium Tangina Barrons, played unforgettably by Zelda  Rubinstein).  There are so many wonderful things in the film that to  catalog them would be awkward in this medium.  Suffice to say, this film is  satisfying on a myriad of levels, a rollercoaster ride as well as being  psychologically true and engrossing.  Destined to be a true classic.
6305622825|5.0|Even though it's been over a year since this movie has been released, I still find myself watching it over again and having fun. It's just an all-around fun movie. It's got everything... edge-of-your-seat suspense,  creative action scenes, humor, romance, car chases... leaps from tall  buildings... Anyway, who cares if the plot was, well, incredibly  far-fetched. It's a summer movie. That's how summer movies just are. Matter  of fact, the plot *better* be far-fetched! I want to be entertained! And  Entrapment does just that. I've seen this movie 11 times since it was first  released and every time I have just a little more fun than the last time. I  say see the movie, but don't take it too seriously, you'll hurt yourself.  Just sit back and be entertained. What more could you ask for?
B00000099Y|5.0|This is one of the best albums of the nineties. No band sounds like tool. Everyone says that Undertow is a better album, but i think AEnema is where tool really fully established their image and style. Dont get me wrong...  Undertow is a great album, but i think AEnema is the best. No one should be  without it... just reading this review cant express the power of this  album, you just need to hear it for yourself.
0151003084|5.0|This is the first Gorey I have ever read. I just read it today. Here are my impressions: <br />As my title indicates, I found it highly amusing. I found myself laughing out loud a few times while reading this very short book. <br />The illustrations are fantastic as you can gather from most of these reviews. Most of the illustrations are funny but I might note the exception to that in the gruesome image of Kate's corpse after being struck with an ax. I think that's the only illustration taking place after the event. That proved to be an exception though. The book is very amusing and hilarious at times. <br />It's an anti-children's book for adults. It can be a funny remedy to the insipid and happy-go-lucky kinds of children's books. That doesn't mean this is just for parents or those particularly sick with those children's books. I think anyone with a decent sense of humor, and especially a dark one, would enjoy this. <br />It's short. I don't know why the information says it's 64 pages because there are only 26 letters in the alphabet. Anyway, my point is that it's just a little humorous diversion.  <br />This hardcover edition is really great. It's high quality and just plain nice...
B000001EIA|4.0|KISS on acoustic guitars? Yes, and they actually jam on them too !  You ought to hear Ace do his solo on ROCK-N-ROLL All Nite, &quot;killer&quot;!  Sure, the songs won't have the exact same sound as  they would with the electric guitars, but they're darn close!  Everyone I  know owns a copy of this unique recording as well as myself. Just think if  KISS had been around during the colonial times when all they had was  acoustic guitars, they'd made everyone flip their wigs !   With 15 songs  on the CD it is quite a buy, and will be a gem to any KISS collection.  Domino is done superbly and you can hear a sample of it by clicking on  &quot;listen to samples&quot;. Whether you're a diehard KISS fan or someone  who loves good rock and roll music, you'll enjoy this most magnificent work  . LONG LIVE ROCK !
1573226521|5.0|Reading The Beach gave me a sense of comfort in that Richard's frustrations with the everyday materialistic existence of today's corporate world actually prompted him to explore Thailand. I have traveled his route  as well but not as many adventures of travelling through weed plantations  and all. Overall, despite being a fiction it addresses a very important  fact omnipresent on today's twenty-something's mind - What does one believe  in? this might sound rather philosophical but I, like much of my other  friends my age have started questioning our existence as merely pawns of  the system someday hoping to ride in our glory. Previous generations had  feelings of patriotism, hobbies etc. - we are a unique group where we  settle for often simulated environments and have learnt to pursue hedonism.   Specifically, the book is amazing in that rather than trying to be a  'feel-good fiction' where the central character learns a single lessson,  there is a myriad experiences ranging from rivalry over one's romantic  feelings(Francoise) to examining the group dynamics in a far better manner  than 'SURVIVOR' or 'The Real World'.  This book serves as a reason to  travel outside the States, especially for those prior to entering college -  as the real world outside has much too offer that often gets overlooked as  we chase productivity. Read this book - you are not the only one  disenchanted.
B00000K19E|5.0|In my humble oppinion, The Matrix is one of the best flicks ever made and DVD only makes it better. I've already seen it 3 times, and could watch it another 10 without getting bored. - If you like well written stories, that  will twist your brains, The Matrix is for you. - If you like amazing FX and  genius camera shots, The Matrix is for you. - If you like oriental-style  action scenes, The Matrix is for you.
B00003CWOL|5.0|Maybe it's just years of pent-up angst against certain faiths, maybe it's years of pent-up angst against people trying to convert me every second day (I'm an agnostic in the Bible Belt), or maybe it's just that I have a sense  of humor, but this movie is wonderful.  It has a great message about how  faith is a personal thing, and how God is really a loving character (if you  believe in him/her).  It's also about how pent up angst can go horribly  wrong.<br />My, I've got to work on that then, haven't I?
0375707972|3.0|... This is a simplistic work, in terms of its so-called &quot;style&quot; (there is none), its themes (treated much more forcefully by hundreds of other writers, but particularly by Hannah Arendt and Elie Wiesel), its outlook (provincial, bordering on ignorant), its insights (along the lines of Jack Handy's &quot;Deep Thoughts&quot; on Saturday Night Live) and its tone (deaf).<br />I read this work through because I couldn't believe that George Steiner would have his name attached to a second-rate book. I was not rewarded for my efforts. Maybe Schlink is a personal friend of Steiner's for I can't for the life of me see how anyone of his literary reputation would suggest that The Reader should be &quot;Read...and then Read again.&quot; This is probably the most singularly colorless, dull exercise in language that I've come across. And please don't bring up how that's part of the author's intent, that it's supposed to be some kind of minimalist treatment a la Raymond Carver, or that Schlink chose stark prose to portray a stark subject. It's simply a lack of imagination on the author's part. He hasn't the imaginative power to construct one meaningful metaphor or image.<br />At times, the novel sinks beneath the weight of its banalities to new lows in fiction, as when the author delivers the following &quot;deep thought:&quot; &quot;When an airplane's engines fail, it is not the end of the flight. Airplanes don't fall out of the sky like stones. They glide on, the enormous multi-engined passenger jet, for thirty, forty-five minutes, only to smash themselves up when they attempt a landing. The passengers don't notice a thing. Flying feels the same, whether the engines are working or not....Maybe the very quietness of the flight is appealing to the passsengers.&quot; Really? No one would notice if all the engines failed for forty-five happy, carefree minutes? How many martinis does this guy down on a given trip?<br />The reaction to this book actually frightens me to some extent. So many readers here appear to blithely regard it as some kind of erotic turn-on, a love story infused with serious meditations on the after-effects of the Holocaust. All I noticed was that a 15-year old boy was seduced by a 30+ streetcar conductor (what happened to Frau Schmitz' husband, by the way?), they had a sordid and colorless affair, she dissappeared and then shows up years later in a war-trial. ... While the court proceedings are occuring, the narrator (Michael Berg, aka Schlink) tells us he has erotic dreams about Hanna dressed up in her SS uniform: &quot;The worst were the dreams in which a hard, imperious, cruel Hanna aroused me sexually; I woke from them full of longing and rage. And full of fear about who I really was.&quot; If you are the sort of reader who finds German women in SS costumes exciting, I suggest you rent a Video of &quot;Ursa, She-Wolf of the SS.&quot; I will give Schlink credit for enough self-awareness to admit in the next paragraph that &quot;I knew my fantasized images were poor cliches.&quot; Unfortunately, the same can be said for 99% of this novel.ome extent. So many readers here appear to blithely regard it as some kind of erotic turn-on, a love story infused with serious meditations on the after-effects of the Holocaust. All I noticed was that a 15-year old boy was seduced by a 30+ streetcar conductor (what happened to Frau Schmitz' husband, by the way?), they had a sordid and colorless affair, she dissappeared and then shows up years later in a war-trial. ... While the court proceedings are occuring, the narrator (Michael Berg, aka Schlink) tells us he has erotic dreams about Hanna dressed up in her SS uniform: &quot;The worst were the dreams in which a hard, imperious, cruel Hanna aroused me sexually; I woke from them full of longing and rage. And full of fear about who I really was.&quot; If you are the sort of reader who finds German women in SS costumes exciting, I suggest you rent a Video of &quot;Ursa, She-Wolf of the SS.&quot; I will give Schlink credit for enough self-awareness to admit in the next paragraph that &quot;I knew my fantasized images were poor cliches.&quot; Unfortunately, the same can be said for 99% of this novel.
B000002MNL|4.0|The collection of songs put together by Morrissey on this album is better than the others he has released.  If you are someone interested in Morrissey I suggest trying V&amp;I.  I own all his CD's and can justifiably  say that this Cd is worth your money above the others.  He is really good  lyrically and musically the album is pleasing to listen to.
6305508550|5.0|from the first time you put the disk in and the virus is detected to the ability to pull up the scene selections its one heck of a good time.
B000002VCW|5.0|Sometimes an album can be summed up prefectly in one song...more often than not, by the single. (Think Fleetwood Mac Tusk or U2's With and Without You from the Joshua Tree) So it is with Year of The Cat.  The world of  course is filled with great singles...but every now and then one comes  along that passes a little thing I call the Blue Moon test. Imagine it's  1956 and you are a young teen in America...and suddenly Blue Moon as sung  by Elvis on Sun records drifts out of that tiny radio on your bedside  table. It sounds like it is from another world...another time...and unlike  many great radio singles...it always sounds like that. Years later when it  comes on, it doesn't sound like a song that moved you in 1956, it still  sounds like it did then...out of place with everything else on the radio.  Very few bands have singles like this...Born To Run by Bruce, Don't Fear  The Reaper by Blue Oyster Cult, When Doves Cry and Kiss by Prince, Dylan's  Like A Rolling Stone, I am The Walrus by the Beatles, Creep by Radiohead,  She's Gone by Hall and Oats, Dreams by Fleetwood Mac, Billie Jean by  Michael Jackson, these are just a few...Year of the Cat is another. The  song sets the tone for the entire album...the mood. Smart lyrics, a  touching voice that floats above the precision band and stunning guitar  work by Peter White and Al Stewart. The arrangements are delicate, yet hook  you in, and the production is clean...not overly slick, but polished the  way you would expect from Alan Parson, man at the board on his work, Pink  Floyd's Dark Side Of The Moon and Let It Be. The other songs on the album  lead you to Year of the Cat like a road map. They mark the way, build up a  sense of drama that something is coming...and yet, they all still manage to  hold their own. In fact, the best songs on the album work becuase of this  drama...they don't just tell a story, they set up the conflict, lyrically  and musically. Broadway Hotel, Sand in Your Shoes, Flying Sorcery, the  rocker (for Al anyway) If It Doesn't Come Naturally Leave it, and  the  other hit, On the border all pull you and leave you wanting  more...expecting more...and then, Year Of The Cat delivers the pay-off. If  all you have ever heard from this album are the two singles, you owe it to  yourself to hear them in context.
B000000W5B|4.0|Maybe this recording is not on the level of the Stones best works(Exile, Sticky Fingers, Ya Ya's, Beggars Banquet), but it does have some prominent high notes.  Mick Taylor's guitar playing is very noteworthy as the solos  on Silver Train, Hide Your Love, Star Star, and especially the wah wah  infected 100 Years Ago really do soar.  Angie and Heartbreaker are two  strong singles.  There are more softer tones on this recording than on  Stones albums in the past.  Maybe thats why many fans look at this work as  dissappointment.  However, those with a wider persepctive will find this is  a good if not great work by this fab gang.
B00004T9UF|5.0|This album inpressed me.  Eminem gives us the harsh reality of life, as intrepreted through his disturbed mind.  Althought he lyrics may be disturbing at times, there's always a reason for them.   Some of the music  is very dark, and comes close to revealing the white rapper's intentions  and opinions, like &quot;The Way I Am,&quot; and &quot;Who Knew.&quot;   Others are obscene fun.  And there are also those that tell a story,  described through verses that create mental images, like &quot;Stan&quot;  and &quot;Kim,&quot; both of which are told by the characters.  The  selection is very diverse, you will not be dissapointed.
B000031XCR|5.0|Have all her tapes...and by far this is the very best.  You get all of her best music on this one disc.  I recommend it very highly for people of all ages.  I work in a machine shop and wear a walkman...and this is the one I  hear night after night...keeps me going...trust me...you will love it!
B00000DLUV|5.0|I WAS ONE OF THE FORTUNATE PEOPLE TO ATTEND THE BEE GEES NEW YEARS EVE CONCERT IN FT. LAUDERDALE, FLORIDA.  THIS CD IS PRACTICALLY THE SAME LINE UP AS THE CONCERT....SO IT'S ALMOST LIKE BEING AT THE CONCERT EVERY TIME  THAT I PLAY THIS CD.  THIS IS A WONDERFUL MIX OF OLD AND NEW SONGS.  I HAVE  PLAYED THIS CD SO MUCH SINCE COMING BACK FROM THE CONCERT THAT I ALMOST  NEED A NEW ONE.
1563523302|5.0|This book sure captured my interest with it's title. I guess all of us wonder what it takes to be a millionare. It's the American dream to be fincianlly independent. I must say, that i have a better understanding of  millionares after having read this book. I would strongly recommend this  book to anyone who wants to accumulate wealth.
B00003W8NM|5.0|David Fincher is definitely a great Director, his first movie was ALien 3 (Maybe the worst alien made), but not for that is a bad movie. The he made Seven, one of the most succesfull thriller movie made, the game, a good  film but not terrific. Then I buyed this DVD because all my friends say  that Fight Club is the best of the best, When I saw it, I have to say that  is true The fight Club is one the best 10 movies ever made. The plot is  inteligent and the same time full of irony, Brad Pitt made one of his best  work doing Tyler Durden, but who take the show is Edward Norton his  perfomance is brilliant, perfect, and definitely his has to be nominated to  an oscar, and win it.<br />The movie is amazin, but more amazing is the DVD  version, two disc, in the first we have the movie, with no two or three  audio comentaries, FOUR AUDIO comentaries we have in the disc. The movie is  anamorphic and look terrific, is THX certified and is one of the best video  transfer I ever see, except Bugs Life that is a digital direct transfer.  The sound is Amazing definitely one of the most interactive sound, I think  that for that was made th 5.1 Dolby Digital Surround.<br />The second DVD has  more aditional material than any DVD made, has pictures, promotional  videos, even the Spanish promotional videos, Special effects, deleted  scenes, and many surprise.<br />If you want a excellent movie and a terrific  DVD, this is the best choice you can do.<br />I recommend this DVD.
B00001NFCY|4.0|I am a huge fan of music and will basically listen to everything, but this CD surpases them all. The reason I picked up this CD was because I heard With Arms Wide Open and Higher on the radio and loved them. After I  listened to the whole CD I was impressed by the sheer talent of the group.  They have an amazing talent to really reach out to you in their songs. This  CD is really worth buying!
6304169558|4.0|I thought that the film was full of tension, not only the actual twister, but the lead pair. I am still trying to locate the sound track, here in England. I will keep on until I find it!  The last song on the film is by  Van Halen, respect the wind, a very apt title. I wonder if this was done  just for the film? The music certainly added to the excitement of the  film!   Thank you.
B00004SYWZ|5.0|A-ha is one of the most talented bands of the past 20 years.  Set aside their inability to remain in the limelight (in the US) following their debut album back in the early eighties of which &quot;Take on Me&quot; was  a huge hit.  They have amazing songwriting abilities which are again  evident in their new album &quot;Minor Earth/Major Sky.  Some of the best  are Velvet, I Wish I Cared, Little Black Heart, Summer Moved On and the  title track.  This isn't your typical eighties synth/pop that caused many  to eventually shy away from A-Ha in the eighties.  There are very catchy  songs using Paul's genius on the guitar, Morten's soothing voice, and Mag's  songwriting.  In their past, they were huge in Europe, Japan, South America  etc, and not just for their 1st album.  Take a listen, you'll find that  A-ha really knows how to please the discriminating music fan.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|This is one of the best CDs I own. I nearly cried when I heard Crash and Burn. It is so poignant! It truely describes what friendship should be. If u liked their first CD then this is a must buy. The CD is filled with sad  and touching songs. Almost every song has a touching theme. Two Beds and A  Coffee Machine was especially sad. If u like touching, emotional songs this  CD is really for you.
B000002OOY|5.0|I do not own this soundtrack but am now buying it because I've rented from my library so many times I might as well own it and save myself the late fees for forgetting to return it on time. each track exhibits its own  emotions and never fails to let you feel them. when I first heard it I  actually had to keep myself from listening to it at night because some of  the tracks gave me the &quot;jaws victim about to be killed&quot; feeling.  if you are concered about wether you will like it or not, my suggestion is  to rent it from your public library and hear for youself. but I must say  that it is the perfect complement to curling up with a good book and having  it on in the background. A perfect listening experience.
0312853238|5.0|It's simple the best book of all time.
B00000JCB2|5.0|I was quite impressed with the quality of this cd.  Every song seems to have a meaning to it and it's put out with a way that appeals to kids.  I mean don't get me wrong, this cd isn't for the weak of heart.  Over all,  however, every song has a great beat and a great meaning and whoever buys  will most certainly be happy with their choice.
0060977493|2.0|After an untoward comment on the merits of female authors, a good friend of mine recommended (insisted on pain of torture) that I read _The God of Small Things_. She assured me that I'd be cured of my ignorance. I got through the first five pages before I set it down, intent on not returning. The language is floral, in a dandelion sort of way; Ms. Roy makes jokes, apparently with herself, in a language not English; she gives each character too many names; the foreshadowing is incessant and more annoying than intriguing. I'd had enough. It was vaguery masquerading as profundity.    The next day, I picked it back up, disappointed in myself for having given up so easily. The second day I read the first hundred or so pages. All along the way I was irritated by the, beyond baby talk, baby thought presented throughout. Ms. Roy takes great pains to pretend she is a curious eight year old exploring sociology. The disjointed time travel seems to be included on a whim. I was also puzzled at the outbursts of seemingly unwarranted profanity.    And then came the theater scene. It was the pseudo-intellectual equivalent of American Pie, vulgar and pointless. This was the crass, cheap trick of a hack. I put the book down again, this time intent on not returning, with an added bonus of self-righteous indignation. And an upset stomach.     The next day I picked the book up again, not content to allow the book to beat me. And I did finish. She seems a particularly angry woman. Also manipulative. She uses one set of values to spit on the other, then later attacks the other with the first. Every male character was evil, with the exception of Estha, the male twin, saved, presumably, by his sharing a soul with Rahel, a smug contrivance. This book is not poetic. Ms. Roy is not Picasso; her subjects are deformed not through cubist fervor, but because she just does not know how to draw.
B00004R99I|3.0|While an enjoyable show, Pocahontas does not rate in the same class as other recent animated offerings from Disney, e.g., &quot;Beauty and the Beast,&quot; &quot;Mulan,&quot; &quot;Aladdin.&quot;  <br />There have been  numerous jabs at the lack of the historical believability of this film --  rightly deserved for the most part -- but, when one watches Disney they  have to realize that sometimes that kind of accuracy takes a back seat to  story telling.  Disney provides its own historiography (writing of history,  that is).  <br />The reason I rated this show at three stars has little to do  with the issue of historical accuracy, rather, I think that the villain you  love to hate (a la Cruella) never shows up.  Oh, sure, the governor is a  greedy rascal, but, I hated his dog more than I disliked him!  At the same  time, the heroine/hero combo was somewhat lackluster.  In addition, the  story didn't seem to really get going before it ended. <br />There was some  promise of development, though, with the Grandmother Willow character and  with the tribe member who wanted to marry Pocohontas.  I also liked Miko  and Flick -- my favorite characters in the show.<br />The strongest part of  this show was an environmental message, which encourages us to live with  nature, not in opposition to it.<br />Worth a look, primarily if you have  already seen the other, better, Disney efforts.<br />Alan Holyoak
B00004U2EZ|5.0|What sets this album apart from both the complete French Cast version as performed at the Palais de Congres in Paris and the highlight album of the English production is the stunning performance of Noa as Esmeralda. Her  rich, expressive voice laden with subtle emotions not found in the other  interpretations makes this album a true gem. What is most interesting is  that the performances of Garou as Quasimodo, Daniel Lavoie as Frollo, Luck  Mervil as Clopin and Bruno Pelletier as Gringoire -- all who also appear in  the complete French as well as the English albums -- perform the music as  music, not so much as drama, as it was staged and recorded subsequently.  Anyone familiar with, say, the original recording of &quot;Evita&quot; as  opposed to the show's original cast albums will understand the difference.  Had Noa continued in the role, it would have been interesting to see how  she developed the Esmeralda character.      For anyone unfamiliar with this  musical rendition of Victor Hugo's novel, this album should be an eye (and  ear) opener. With driving music that beats into heart and soul and stirring  vocals, there is a relentless thrust to the ironic tragedy that marked the  original novel. The music is sung in French, and you may want to purchase  the English cast album along with this one if you do not understand French.  But if you are familiar with the story (even though there are several  variations), the music, regardless of language, will be readily understood.
B00000JCB2|5.0|I was quite impressed with the quality of this cd.  Every song seems to have a meaning to it and it's put out with a way that appeals to kids.  I mean don't get me wrong, this cd isn't for the weak of heart.  Over all,  however, every song has a great beat and a great meaning and whoever buys  will most certainly be happy with their choice.
B00003CX59|4.0|First of all I should say that I liked this movie. It was pretty good. I've been reading reviews of it and there are a lot of people who think of this film as a horror movie. I also would say it's a scary movie but  there's one problem. IT'S NOT SCARY. If I had to classify this film I would  say it's a comedy. Yes, some parts are gorry. Yes, some of it may seem  unsetteling. But it isn't scary. Really some parts of the movie are lame.  For example, in part of the movie Johnny Depp meets a woman who is wearing  a vail. When she takes the vail off her face looks incredibly fake. Little  things like that really annoy me. Let's just face the facts, horror movies  aren't scary. Anyway, the movie had some good concepts. Like the four men  and the conspiracy. Or the flashbacks about Crane's mother. I personally  thought the best scene in the movie was when Depp was remembering his  mother floating around in the woods. All in all this is a okay movie. I  recomend it to anyone who likes comedy with a twist.
6305265488|5.0|This movie is a stunning and refreshing tale of love, loyalties gained and lost and regained, and of life.  It tells a story that might well have been the story behind the story of &quot;Cinderella.&quot;  <br />Drew Barrymore is  outstanding as Danielle, the movie's lead character.  She is reduced to  peasant's status after her loving and nurturing father dies.  As time  passes, her vain and conniving step-mother goes to extreme lengths to get  one of her daughters noticed by the crown prince of France.  Danielle, in  the meantime, impersonates a courtier in order to save the life of a fellow  peasant and life-long friend, and she gets noticed herself!  Yikes -- a  charade on dangerous ground.<br />The acting is good, the imagery is great,  the story is familiar, but not, and the casting is superb.  Kudos all  around!  <br />This is definitely a 5 star offering.  It is fun, has something  for everyone, it is universally watchable, and children and adults alike  are able to enjoy it to the fullest.<br />Don't let this video get  away.<br />Alan Holyoak
B000002J27|5.0|This is the first Genesis CD I've reviewed. I became a fan after hearing The Lamb Lies Down On Broadway, which prompted me to go back a couple more releases.I really liked Selling England By The Pound as well as Foxtrot. Alot of people didn't realise that their songs were for the most part, entire group efforts, which explains why this is such a strong release after the departure of one Mr Gabriel who went on to artistic heights while Genesis began to slide into abysmal poppiness, after another key player(Steve Hackett) gave up to go solo. When Hackett left, the sound changed much more. I still continued to listen to some of their stuff over the years and enjoyed their live shows(they were just so friggin good live!) but after a time, they would just blitz right through a quickie medley of old tunes in favor of silly fluff like &quot;Misunderstanding&quot;. YUCK! By the mid 80's, I was almost embarrassed to admit that I ever liked them. I have to say that this really stacks up to their earlier work in a very big way. Every track on this album is great and withstands the test of time. Collins really stepped up front well, not only as a singer, but as one of rock's finest drummers. You really get to hear his playing here. A must for Genesis fans!
B000002W9Q|4.0|If you enjoyed the wonderfully sentimental film, you will enjoy the soundtrack, because it gives you the chance, over and over again, to remember and conjure up the many delightful sequences involving these songs  from the film.  On their own, some of these tunes are dispensable, but the  overall effect is pleasant, a whiff of nostalgia and some new  pop that  sounds the way candy tastes.  The Time Of My Life is a terrific song,  performed with emotion by Medley/Warren, and I also love Hungry Eyes, by  the always-underappreciated Eric Carmen.  The oldies always deserve a  listen, and the Mickey/Sylvia tune gained new respect, and a new audience,  via the playful scene from the film.  Though Time Of My Life is essentially  the radio version, and not the extended, &quot;dirtier&quot; mix from the  film, it alone is worth having this record for; the rest are mostly  additional bonuses.
B000009QPE|5.0|Now, I must admit that I'm a fan of Korn, Sevendust, and most of the other new metal bands. And I also must admit that I hate most of the 80's bands like Poison, Cinderella, Slaughter, and all the others who would even dare  to put &quot;metal&quot; anywhere near their names. But I'm a huge fan of  Slayer, old Metallica and Megadeth, Anthrax, Armored Saint, the list goes  on... and this is by far the best album I've ever owned. I just can't  praise this album enough. &quot;Angel of Death&quot;, &quot;Jesus  Saves&quot;, &quot;Criminally Insane&quot;, and &quot;Postmortem&quot; are  all instant classics.. and then you add to the mix the wonderfully  disturbing &quot;Raining Blood&quot; and you get the ESSENTIAL metal album.  Say what you will about &quot;Master of Puppets&quot; being the greatest  thrash metal album of all time. It doesn't hold a candle to this metal  masterpiece.
B00003Q43A|5.0|I watch and read science fiction for the fun of it.  There is good sci-fi (based on sound scientific principles), and there's escapist sci-fi/fantasy (like Independence Day).  While I am trained in the sciences myself, I  enjoy the occasional side trip to escapist worlds and stories.  It doesn't  all have to make scientific sense for me all the time.  OK, back to the  show...<br />If you have been off-planet or in a bomb shelter for the past  four years and haven't had a chance to watch this show, here's the scoop.   Military intelligence spots an incoming alien mother ship that releases  several smaller satellite ships that take up station over key world cities.   In the meantime, no one knows what to do or what to expect.  In true  Hollywood fashion, the only one who catches on to what is happening is the  least likely person around -- a cable TV company techno-guru, who's former  wife happens to be the President's press secretary.  Well, Earth takes a  beating before things come together for the underdog earthlings, but it all  turns out for the best in the end.<br />That sounds kind of snippy doesn't it!   On the other hand, this film is amazing!  There is tactile suspense, good  character development, a great assemblage of talented actors (though Dr.  Okin at Area 51 is not all that believable), and great visual candy.  The  special effects make this movie a great one to see.<br />Sure there are gaping  holes in the story.  Sure there are silly scientific oversights.  Sure  there is a formulaic story underlying the whole affair, but, so what?  It's  great fun.  Smith, Pullman, Goldblum and friends put on a great show.<br />5  stars for the fun of it.  Totally watchable!  Give it a try.  Good action,  good fun.<br />Alan Holyoak
B000002X1O|4.0|I had just done a review of &quot;Sunfighter&quot; and was gloating over having this on CD, thinking it was no more. Guess I didn't scroll down enough the first time. While it's not quite up to snuff with &quot;Sunfighter&quot; it succeeds on another level by not really sounding stuck so much in an era. Sure, there's plenty of political and religious tomfoolery, but it's more general here than on Sunfighter. In a sense, it's much more of a Jefferson Starship album than Airplane. &quot;Across The Board&quot; is Grace's all out best rocker, bar none! There are a couple of weak tracks and the vocal mixes are muddy. Also, David Frieberg was no substitute for Marty Balin's vocal ability, but when Marty did return later on, the shmaltz factor was too much for this listener. At any rate, Frieberg sounds great at the end of &quot;Sketches of China&quot;, where you really get to hear him. &quot;Sketches of China&quot; remains one of my favorite Kantner/Slick pieces. Something I'll always return to.
B000002LGQ|4.0|I am fascinated by our culture's fascination with Madonna, who, after all is said and done, is an okay songwriter and a lousy singer.  Still, her explosion and maintenance of her bumpy but always interesting career  remains her best talent.  This album remains, to this listener's ear, the  most consistently listenable; it features wonderful bubblegum pop  (Cherish); a Beatles-ish flight of fantasy (Dear Jessie); and some  confessional songs that work as commercial songs (Oh Father; Til Death...)  Like A Prayer seems one of the more bloated, if cleverly conceived,  singles, and most of the album is unexceptional vocally, as usual with  Madonna.  Still, the record works, mostly, and has endured: if you haven't  given it a listen in a long while, as I had not, it remains fresh and  inviting today.
B000024D4R|5.0|While The Wall is scalable to one or two people, Animals is more of an anthropomorphic critique of society as a whole. Waters neatly divides the world into three classes: Dogs, ambitious controllers of the masses,  subservient to the Pigs; Pigs, rulers, who through propaganda and dogs  placate and are where the power lies and they do not care about the dogs,  they are only a tool to further the pigs means; Sheep, controlled directly  by the dogs and placated by the lies of the pigs, eventually realizing the  chain of command and overthrowing the pigs once the dogs are dead. (In  order to appreciate this album, reading Animal Farm helps immensely.) While  pushing the barrier or awareness of social oppression, it has the clear  and, as much as we don't want to admit it, true logic of a person who has  been kicked around by society for what they know. I'd say that this album  would be almost a guide for anyone who wants to see society in a different  way. Musically, more guitar and vocal powered. Definitely a good buy for  either someone who likes Pink Floyd or wants to see an excellent example of  social criticism.
B00000JG4N|5.0|I always had a hard time deciding which Motley Crue album I liked better:  this or GIRLS, GIRLS, GIRLS.  They used to be one of my favorite bands.  Their two releases since this album have been pretty disappointing.  You  have to go back to get the good stuff.  This album is pure Crue.  The  powerful guitars, the slamming drum beats, and Vince Neil's vocals...all  combine to turn this album into a rip roaring masterpiece of rock.  DR.  FEELGOOD, RATTLESNAKE SHAKE, and KICKSTART MY HEART will just blow you  away.  It also contains one of the best rock ballads of all time:  WITHOUT  YOU.  A must have for any Crue fan.
0060283122|1.0|I wanted to like this book, since I am a fan of Roald Dahl, J.K. Rowling, and other authors in that vein, however this book is VERY poorly written.  Besides the forced humor and self-conscious attempt to be clever, the plot  is cumbersome and trite, the characters generally unappealing, and the  premise (while an interesting one)is not well developed.  Also, the idea of  a 14 year old girl marrying a much older man who is her legal guardian and  her relation is disturbing PLUS the author felt the need to describe her  thoughts of sleeping with this man after their married!  Tacky, at best.   If you e-mail any comments to the address on the dustjacket of this book,  you will receive an auto-reply which does not address specific questions.   Save your money and buy a Dahl or Rowling or another worthy author other  than this one.
0380973464|5.0|I've read most of what Neal Stephenson has published and enjoyed it all to a greater or lesser degree.  This book was profoundly different from his other work.  (As different as &quot;An Instance of the Fingerpost,&quot;  another superb novel, was for Iian Pears compared to his admirable  detective novel series.)  While nominally a science-fiction novel set to  some degree in the Second World War, it is only so to the extent that  Pynchon's &quot;Gravity's Rainbow&quot; is a science-fiction novel set to  some degree in the Second World War.<br />Using crptography as a  catalyst/excuse, Stephenson casts a 900 page web of magic over language.   One doesn't need to be a linguist to enjoy what Stephenson is about, but a  love of words is a real plus in understanding this remarkable  fiction.<br />The plot, unfortunately, is far too convoluted to describe here  without transgressing the thousand word limit imposed by amazon.com center,  but suffice it to say that if you enjoy puzzles, you will not be  disappointed.<br />If Sterne, Dickens, Eliot (George and T.S.), Ford, Joyce,  Lessing, Faulkner, McElroy, Gaddis, Pynchon, Wallace, and, most recently,  Zadie Smith, are in your literary pantheon, you should have read this book  already.  So buy it now.
0767819462|4.0|SUSAN SARANDON IS ABSOLUTLY PERFECT IN THE ROLE OF THE MOTHER SOON TO BE &quot;REPLACED&quot; BY HER EX-HUSBAND'S YOUNG &amp; PRETTY GIRLFRIEND.  A LOT OF EMOTION IN THIS MOVIE ; A LOT OF GOOD LESSONS TOO.<br />IF ONLY SOME  WOMEN COULD BE AS SMART AS THE WOMAN PLAYED BY SUSAN SARANDON MAYBE LESS  CHILDREN WOULD SUFFER...<br />A CHARACTER APART FROM BEING SMART IS BRAVE  &amp; COURAGEOUS ; AND SUSAN SARANDON IS PLAYING THIS ROLE SO WELL ; SHE  DESERVED AN OSCAR FOR THIS...<br />JULIA ROBERTS IS GOOD BUT ONCE YOU'VE SEEN  HER IN ONE MOVIE YOU'VE SEEN HER IN ALL OF HER OTHER MOVIES ; IT'S LIKE YOU  DON'T SEE THE CHARACTERS SHE'S PALYING BUT HER AS SHE IS ; IS THAT A SIGN  OF BAD ACTING ! <br />THE CHILDREN ARE WONDERFUL ; VERY WELL CAST !<br />GOOD  MOVIE VERY EMOTIONNAL.
B00004TLMC|4.0|Kubrick's final film is a fitting tribute to its visionary director.  I have watched it several times and each time it leaves me with different ideas, questions, and theories.  The acting is incredible (including a  surpisingly good performance by director Sidney Lumet), and the  cinematography and photography reveal Kubrick at his best since &quot;Barry  Lyndon&quot;.  &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; will please Kubrick fans, however  it may purplex and bore mainstream viewers.
0140177396|5.0|This is a masterpiece of short fiction.  The author has created a classic story of rural American life and peopled it with some of the most intricate, multi-layered characters in modern fiction.<br />In short, this  piece is pure perfection.  You will be mesmerized by Steinbeck's simple,  straight-forward prose and the emotional tension of George and Lenny's  friendship.  I first read this novel at the age of nine and it changed my  life forever.  It was the catalyst for my love of literature and inspired  me to become a writer myself.  Everyone should read this book!
0783240287|5.0|The producers of this film have done a wonderful job of taking a Broadway play, and converting it to the cinema!  My only complaint is that it is not listed on the list of DTS DVD's at Amazon! The DTS encoding was pure  genius! I hope that this DVD lasts long enough for my children to watch it.  I can't wait to watch it again! Go Go GO Joseph!
0783241569|4.0|HUGH GRANT IS HILARIOUS AS ALWAYS &amp; ALL THE OTHER BRITISH ACTORS IN THIS MOVIE ARE TOO. JULIA ROBERTS IS GOOD BUT SOME HOW I WOULD HAVE SEEN SOMEBODY ELSE FOR THIS ROLE.. MAYBE LISA KUDROW OR HELEN HUNT. GOOD  ENTERTAINING MOVIE &amp; A BIG BRAVO FOR ALL THE &quot;SECOND&quot; ACTORS.
6303921248|5.0|I don't think I'll ever stop praising this film.  Superb in every way imaginable!  What more can I say about Firth and Ehle that hasn't already been said?  Their interpretations of Darcy and Elizabeth are simply  flawless.  Firth managed to take what could have been an insipid character  and turn him into a vibrant, three-dimensional person, while Ehle's  sparkling portrayal of Lizzie Bennet enchanted us all.  To put it modestly,  the supporting cast is brilliant, bringing life even into the smallest  characters (i.e. Emilia Fox's delicate Georgiana Darcy):  Susannah Harker's  grace and serenity made her an absolutely lovely Jane Bennet (IMO, a  perfect portrayal), and her &quot;counterpart&quot; Crispin Bonham-Carter  was every bit as good-looking, and charming as the Charles Bingley we all  know and love (I dare you NOT to smile whenever Bingley's lovesick eyes  surface at even the very mention of Jane!)...Alison Steadman (whose  performance as Mrs. Bennet was so convincing, I had to restrain myself from  tossing my remote control at the screen whenever she complained about her  &quot;poor nerves&quot;), Benjamin Whitrow, Anna Chancellor, Julia Sawalha,  Adrian Lukis (who made the manipulative Wickham so agreeable at the  beginning, it was easy to believe Elizabeth's initial attraction toward the  character), Lucy Briers, Polly Maberly...everybody was amazing.<br />Of  course, the acting is not the film's only strong point.  One of the  highlights of the film was Darcy and Lizzie's dance to &quot;Mr.  Beveridge's Maggot&quot; at the Netherfield ball.  Such delicacy in the  atmosphere made the sharp conversation between the two characters stand out  even more.  It's a great scene, fabulously shot, great choreography with  beyond-wonderful music playing in the background. As for the writing,  Andrew Davies took Jane Austen's book and adapted it for screen without  sacrificing any of the wit, and vivacity that the original work had (since  a large amount of the dialogue was taken straight from Austen's pages I can  really hear the characters speaking whenever I read the book).  The  marvelous score by Carl Davis (oh, how fitting were the chords of Lady  Catherine de Bourgh's &quot;theme&quot;!) and beautiful costumes (Dinah  Collin and Kate Stewart) also add to the film's appeal.<br />This is by all  means a must-see (if not a must-have:) for all Jane Austen fans, and for  moviegoers in general.  You will never spend six hours in a more wonderful  manner.
0790737345|5.0|There are films that u hate to see &quot;The End&quot; sign. Want to watch it forever and beginning to see yourself as a part of the film...It's the good of a film that catches u inside...<br />City Of Angels is that kind of  film that u can watch forever.After u watched the film u feel that you are  forced to love everything around you...:)<br />The atmosphere ,the city scenes  ,the places makes u incredibly peacefull. Also lovely Meg Ryan...She is  again incredible and Nicholas Cage has a very good performance as an angel  who fell in love with Dr.Maggie Rice.<br />In technically the dvd is very good  with a rich special features part. I also give 5 stars to picture and sound  quality of the disk..<br />In my last words, City of Angels is a film for  everyone that have an angel from heaven...
B00000IAU3|5.0|I have very eclectic tastes in music (I love everything from rap to alternative to opera)  I first heard the hauntingly beautiful song &quot;Here With Me&quot; on the WB's Roswell, and I was in a frenzy,  humming the song all day long!  Then I bought the Marshall Mather's LP,  which was great and heard a very familiar voice singing the chorus in one  of my favorite songs(besides Marshall Mathers and The Real Slim Shady)Stan!   It was a clip from Dido's Thank You!  That was that; I ran out and bought  the CD, and LOVE IT!  The album gets better and better as you listen!
0671646788|5.0|&quot;The Magic of Thinking Big&quot; is one of the best books I've read yet.  I've read everything that Anthony Robbins has written and among other authors such as Dale Carnegie I have yet to see it put into such a simple  context.  This book is worth it's price 5 times over and I Know that anyone  who reads it will get as much from it as I have.
0517122707|5.0|I don't laugh easy. A book is good if it can make me chuckle, but at some parts of this book, my sides hurt and my eyes were watering! Ignatius J. Reilly and his outrageous adventures as Fortuna keeps spinning him all  around New Orleans make this masterpiece a side-splitting rollercoaster  ride from cover to cover. Inexplicably sad and unbelievably funny, A  CONFEDERACY OF DUNCES is a must-read for EVERYBODY, EVERYWHERE!
0792846710|5.0|This movie is one of the oddest I have ever seen. It is a horror movie but I'd say it's more of a comedy because of the premise and the way it was made. It was written by the special effects guys; that should give you a  clue as to how &quot;great&quot; the screen play is. But it's not as  horrible as you'd think, it's actually really funny how bad it is (in a Ed  Wood sort of way). Over all this movie is definitely worth renting if not  buying. It is one messed up movie!
B00004TA41|5.0|This album is a masterpiece.  The remaster is absolutely worth the extra money even if you own the older version.  It has now been restored completely and Coltrane and Ali sound magnificent.  Coltrane's horn sound  has lost that hard digital edge and now sounds very warm and fat.  His  playing is passionate, inventive, technically astounding and most of all,  deeply moving.  Rashied Ali is the right man to complement Coltrane on his  flights rather than the more traditional Jones who locked Coltrane into  conventional rhythmic patterns.  All of the late Coltrane is worth  investigating if you like this, especially Meditations and Live at the  Village Vanguard Again.
B000002KC5|5.0|I LOVE this album.  A must for any fan of R. N., and essential for everyone in the great state of Louisiana.  Newman's opener, Rednecks, points out the hippocracy of the rest of the nation in regards to the  South, with brilliant satire.  Guilty is the saddest song ever written  about addiction and co-dependancy.  Birmingham gives a slice of life.  Get  this, right now, you won't regret it.
1560100842|5.0|This book (along with Jack Hamm's figure drawing book) is the only book I constantly re-read and practice.  Preston's one heck of an animator and with a little patience and practice you can pull of some great stuff with  what you'll find in &quot;Cartoon Animation&quot;.<br />Topics include:   Developing Characters, Line of action (Invaluable!), dialouge, timing, and  of course the core of this book, animating!  There are a few dozen topics  covered, these are mere highlights.  <br />This book is very inspiring, and  Preston is also very encouraging.  Take his advice written in this book to  consideration, Preston won't let you down.
1558908358|4.0|why i can get no dvd - version from 'tron' with european code?  Arrrgghh!
B00004TH7Z|5.0|I always thought that Powerslave was the beast album of Maiden, but now I am thinking that this is the beast metal album ever made by the best heavy metal band ever. The most progressive Maiden, you can find nearly the same  riffs from classic Maiden album (Not the same, you will only remember the  albums). I don't have anything to tell about Steve, Janick, Dave and  Andrian, but I've got something to say about Bruce (The King), Nicko and  Kevin (Shirley). The King has improved his vocal style very much (Ghost Of  The Navigator is the best example) and had his hair cut (but he looks more  charismatic than blonde Hetfield), to King Diamond fans, don't think that  your king is best, ours rule! And something about Nicko, I always thought  that Maiden can find a better drummer but now I am ashamed of myself, he  played like Dave Lombardo. Now the most important part, production. Thanx  God, Steve wasn't the producer, Kevin Shirley(worked with Silverchair and  with some famous bands but I can't remember their names now) had a really  great job, he is the new Martin Birch. I am sure you won't be able to find  a bad song but &quot;Blood Brothers&quot; is the worst of the be(a)st. The  Fallen Angel, The Nomad(it is very oriental), The Mercanery and Ghost Of  The Navigator are my favorite songs. This is a MUST for Maiden fans. I  bought the CD version, it has the most beautiful cover ever made, CD is  bought only for the cover(Again thanx Derek for this cover, please help  Stratovarius, their cover looks like a MacOS 8 ad). LONG LIVE IRON MAIDEN,  KINGS OF METAL. U P  T H E  I R O N S ! ! !
B00004SCX6|3.0|This cd was okay, but not nearly worth a five star rating though. The 3 stars I did give were mainly attributed to the good lyrics in a few songs. My favorite songs were &quot;Lucky&quot; and &quot;Oops!..I Did it  Again&quot;. My major disappointment was that, like, ALL the songs had  talking in them, which, in my opinion is just plain annoying. I don't know  if guys feel like you're getting jipped, but I sure do. If we wanted to  hear her talk, couldn't we just turn on the TV and hear an interveiw, or  buy a whole cd devoted completely to hearing her talk, talk , talk? That's  just my opinion.
0553269631|2.0|My lord, I should have gone with my instincts.  I originally thought a book called The Heart is a Lonely Hunter was bound to be a piece of overwrought trash.  Then I found out it was one of the best books of the  century.  What a farce that list is.  This woman described a black man's  hair as a &quot;woolly cap&quot;.   The endless overbearing light-dark  motif.  Oh, everybody's so lonely.  Every other word is &quot;lonely&quot;.   Stay away from this book!
6301969588|5.0|This is an interesting, exciting, and bizarre movie that has a terrific cast of characters, including authentic side-show &quot;freaks.&quot; I was riveted to my seat the first time I saw it in a theater. This is a movie  like no other; although it does have an actual storyline, it is all of the  wonderful actors and characters that kept me amused and delighted. I would  highly recommend it to anyone who likes the &quot;bizarre and  unusual&quot;. This one is definitely a &quot;keeper&quot; for people that  enjoy movies that are out-of-the-ordinary.
0446525537|1.0|This is such a horrible book from Nicholas Sparks.  I very much enjoyed The Notebook and Message in a Bottle.  However, this book is EXTREMELY predictable and you almost hate the main character. It is almost as if  Nicholas Sparks ripped off a sad yet very predictable Leave it to Beaver  Christmas Special.  A Walk to Remember is very forgettable.
6304106017|5.0|What many people don't realize before they buy this film is that it is supposed to be cartoonishly over the top. It is an homage campy 50's screamer classics that incorporates 70's film style, with 80's gore and  90's casting. It is pure adrenaline and without a doubt, not a film for  all. But if you are someone who indulges in this genre of blood, violence  and drop to your knees humor, then this is your film.
B000002H33|5.0|this is my favorite song from all the metallica songs! this song is driving me nuts! it's the best song from all the songs in the history! i love METALLICA! METALLICA! the best band ever to have conquered mankinds  outside world and MUSIC!
0140067477|5.0|I was introduced to this book a couple of years ago - had seen it on the shelf of the bookstore for years, thought about buying it and never did... and then I received it as a gift. <br /> Without question, it's one of the  best books I've read.  It's not for its literary flow, academic  presentation, entertaining style, or subject matter that I love this little  book.  I love it because it's a calm, smooth blend of all of the above. <br />  The book does an outstanding job of presenting and explaining the basic  tenets of Taoism.  I laughed out loud several times over the experiences of  poor Eeyore (oh, how I can relate!).  If you'd like a quick dissertation of  different philosophical views and personality styles, The Tao of Pooh does  so through the showcasing of Pooh and his friends. <br /> I'm not sure who Mr.  Hoff's target audience was, but this is a book for young and old alike...  all will gain something from reading through the book. <br /> In fact, Mr.  Hoff penned this book so well it stirred my desires to read once again  Milne's classic title The Adventures of Pooh with a new light and  perception. <br /> This is an excellent title to add to your permanent  library, whether you embrace Taoism or not.  Its message of peace and  tolerance is one that all faiths can understand and embrace - and well they  should. <br /> Can't recommend this one highly enough.
0767849493|4.0|I figured I would be offended by this film before I saw it.  I was wrong.  In a time when religion bashing is fine, but race or ethnicity bashing is wrong this movie comes in and pulls a little of both.  I've never seen a  Kevin Smith movie, but many of my friends are die hard fans of his work.  I  thought I'd take a look at this movie.  It is so funny.  Even in my  religios stance I didn't take any exception to any words they said.  Some  people have even told me it made them interested in religion....weird  huh?<br />OK, so the movie is about two fallen angels.  They were kicked out  of Heaven after a post plague drinking fest.  Matt Damon was the Angel in  charge of the world's plagues and seeing that they were carried out.  He  was talked into quitting because he didn't think slaughter in God's name  was right.  So he quit and God kicked him and his cohort, Ben Affleck, out  of Heaven.  While on Earth they found a loop-hole to get back into Heaven.   If they walked through the doors of a certain Catholic church their sins  would be forgiven.  Then they would cut off their wings and become mortal  be killed and return back to Heaven clean.  Well, enter a lady who is  supposedly related to Jesus way down the line.  She is called upon to stop  the Angels from entering the church.  On the way she meets two  &quot;profits&quot;, Silent Bob and the other guy who's name I can never  remember, Chris Rock, the 13th apostle, who was supposedly left out of the  Bible because he was black.  She also meets &quot;Serendipity&quot;, Salma  Hyack, in a strip club.  OK, I'm sure you are confused by now, but you need  to see the movie to understand each characters role.  There is also a demon  who is trying to get the angels to go to the church.  It's for his benefit.   If the angels make it through the church all human existence would cease  at that moment because it would prove God wrong.  Understand? Throughout  the movie there are a ton of hilarious scenes.  Chris Rock says Jesus is  black, but white men who interpreted the Bible jockeyed it around to make  Jesus look white.  Salma Hyack said God was a woman, but men fooled with it  and made all women in the Bible look bad.  Honestly you have to see it to  understand.  It's great.  You definately need to go into it with an opened  mind.  If you are easily offended at religious humor do not see it, but if  you understand humor in certain context see this film.  It is great.
B000001FKY|5.0|With all of the mishaps, screwups, and just plain bad luck that befell Def Leppard between the end of the &quot;Pyromania&quot; tour in 1984 to the release of this album in late 1987, a lot of people were expecting the band  to choke big time with &quot;Hysteria.&quot;  Not only did they not choke,  but &quot;Hysteria&quot; became their best-selling album--and for a very  good reason--it's great.<br />This is one of those very rare albums that quite  simply does not have a bad track on it.  From the pulsing, hypnotic rhythm  of the opening track &quot;Women,&quot; through the best known songs like  &quot;Love Bites&quot;, &quot;Animal,&quot; &quot;Pour Some Sugar On  Me,&quot; and &quot;Armeggedon It,&quot; to the powerfully arranged  &quot;Gods of War,&quot; to the fun dance tunes &quot;Don't Shoot  Shotgun&quot; (my personal favorite track) and &quot;Excitable&quot;, to  the flat-out rockers &quot;Rocket&quot; and &quot;Run Riot&quot;, to the  pretty end track &quot;Love and Affection,&quot; every single track is  hook-laden to the max (to use an '80's saying).  I can't even count how  many times I've listened to this record or even how many copies I've  owned--I estimate I've gone through five cassettes and three CD's.  This is  definitely one of my desert island disks.  A must for the Leppard fanatic,  a must for fans of '80's hard rock--actually, a must for any pop music fan.
B000001DTM|5.0|Nearly 10 years after this album was initially released, it still sounds fresh.  This is the third in U2's trilogy of excellent albums, and arguably their best.  There is not a single bad track and most of the songs will be  familiar to new listeners, even if they are not big U2 fans. If I had 10  discs to bring to a deserted island, this would have to be one.
0767836286|4.0|Widower Jeff Bridges befriends new neighbour, Tim Robbins, when he rescues his son following a firework accident. All seems well until a sequence of events leads Bridges to doubt the veracity of his new acquaintance. But,  his wife, an FBI agent, died during a bungled operation, he lectures in  terrorism and Robbins is beginning to win the affection of his son and  girlfriend. So, his hypersensitive state of mind means that he's probably  overreacting...or is he? Bridges's increasingly claustrophobic nightmare  continues to crush him as every effort to uncover the truth about Robbins  backfires and his friends and loved ones begin to see him as the stranger.  Superb lead performances, with Bridges producing an emotional tour de  force, and an unflagging plot dragged me by the scruff of the neck towards  an apocalyptic climax which left me feeling drained, but strangely  satisfied. This is not a cosy, feet-up film, not a movie to watch if your  penchant is for safe blockbuster thrillers where everything turns to roses  in the end. It is a decidedly uncomfortable ride from end to end which  poses one shattering question.....who can you really trust?
B000001E18|4.0|Not a bad record, certainly far better than Pop.  Numb is the best track, by far.  The rest are mid-tier U2 fodder.  Unlike Actung Baby, this CD now sounds dated.  Probably for big U2 fans only.
6302293553|5.0|This movie is by FAR the funniest movie ever.  I love how much FAKE violence and good jokes their are!  It sometimes gets annoying though watching all the debates. The ending is funny, but it makes the movie  pointless. I just WISH I COULD GIVE IT 6 STARS!  BUY THIS MOVIE!
B00000K19E|4.0|Well, what do you expect? This movie can be summed up in a few words. Nerds killing cops. Yes, you heard me. As other reviewers have mentioned already, the heros are actually more like terrorists. But what do you  expect? It seems that everybody smart these days have to go against the  law. I do agree however that this movie seems to be created for the mass  market, appealing to teenagers who just might go on another school  shooting.............ugh......oh well, it was still a good movie...so good,  it made me wonder if I was IN the matrix.
B000001E18|5.0|Following two groundbreaking albums (1987's &quot;The Joshua Tree&quot; and 1991's &quot;Achtung Baby&quot;) is no simple task, yet U2 appears to be in no hurry to better themselves or exceed the expectations of their  fans with 1993's &quot;Zooropa&quot;--an album that is not only eerily  contemperary (and atrociously underrated) but remains one of the groups  finest hours ranking easily among the prementioned works.   &quot;Zooropa&quot; is a complex, captivating and unforgettable experience  that demands multiple listenings; a testament that appreciates U2 as the  exploratory and experimental musical geniuses that they strive to be...and  that they already are.
0380789019|5.0|This was an amazing book. I've read it three times and I'll keep reding it. It never gets old or boring. It makes you really think what goes on below and if maybe, there is something going on we don't know about. The  descriptions were wonderful of everything down to the littlest detail. It  made you think you were there with Richard, Door, the Marquis, and  everyone. Like you're part of the large world of odd and sometimes humorous  characters. There is not one bad thing that could be said (in my mind)  about this book. It was quite a different view having all the different  charcters introduced and descibed so well even if they weren't there for  too long. Your emotions moved along with the pages turned and the emotions  of the characters were well descibed and it was just an all around  wonderful book. One of the best ones I've ever read (it's tied with Good  Omens by Neil Gaiman and Terry Prachett). I suggest this book to anyone who  wants to read an exceptionally well written book.
B00000DCHE|5.0|Live recordings are spotty at best.  I am frequently disappointed by not only the quality of production, but by the quality of the performance.  That was not the case with Attic.  Not only does Billy Joel put on a great  show, it translates well from the arena to your house.<br />The versions he  turns in of some of his non-radio favorites are in many cases tighter and  more enjoyable than the original studio cut.<br />This is a great record
0441003257|5.0|I love the combination of these two wonderful authors. The comedical characters bring everything to life. i'm in the middle of reading this book again and it's not tireing to read again. It's an amazing adventure through  the lives of an Antichrist, an Angel, a Demon, a satanic nun, and a  witchfinder and witch. It's such a humorous look at the end of the world.  No one should be afraid if this is the way it's going to go! Everyone  should read it. I was laughing out loud. It was wonderful
0375501851|5.0|this vast novel is a great spinning top of a tale. just when it begins to wobble and lose  momentum, it rights itself  and takes off again. like great story tellers before her zadie smith manages to tie all the  characters and situations together into a rewarding finale .every time i  picked up this book i was transported to london ,  currently the most  exciting and varied city in the world. i  hope ms. smith is awarded the  booker and possesses the strength to withstand the backlash from the  british press that always follows. its probally unfair to lump this in with  &quot;summer reading&quot; but i can't think of a more pleasurable way to  spend a day than with this funny ,insightful and engaging book. one can  only wonder what great reading is in store from this alarmingly young  writer.
B000006ZL4|5.0|This CD should be in everyones collection. I didn't really know what to expect, having only heard 2 songs before this. I was pleasantly surprised at the heavyness of the album, and slightly disapointed at the lack of  ballads, because i feel that these guys should be able to whip together a  perfect ballad. Basically what i am saying is, buy this. And i am sure the  other albums will be great also
B00000K0E5|1.0|This is Pierce Brosnan's most grueling debut ever. Before &quot;GoldenEye&quot;, Pierce Brosnan never starred in anything remotley resembling action. All the casting department was searching for was a man  with rugged good looks, and pushed the most important factor, experience,  completley out of the gun barrel. <br />That was the mistake that made this  movie a flop.<br />You see, I wanted to see this movie overall for one reason:  to see if it really is as good as the smash hit GoldenEye N64 game. And I  wanted to see it on DVD because I was attracted by all the outstanding  extras typical of a James Bond special edition DVD, but I wanted to see the  movie first, because paying nearly 27 bucks for only DVD extras is a waste  of money. I saw the movie, and I was absolutley disgusted. Pierce Brosnan's  line delivery is virtually lifeless, he doesn't appear threatening at all  in the movie, and in short, doesn't at all fill the requirements of  dangerousness, slickness, and hair style that makes James Bond a  one-hit-wonder. He just acts like life is a big party and only he is  invited. <br />So, in other words, completley ignore GoldenEye. If you want to  see Pierce Brosnan at his absolute best James Bond, see &quot;The World Is  Not Enough&quot;. It's in this movie Pierce has far more experience as  James Bond, and it pays off big as it makes him the best James Bond he can  possibly be. <br />Please take my advice, avoid GoldenEye at all costs and go  straight for The World Is Not Enough.
B00004BZ0N|5.0|So, maybe their first album fits more into what is commonly known as &quot;punk,&quot; but I think this album is much more important. On this album, the Clash was able to bring the rage and anger of the punk scene far  beyong the barrage of noise &amp; three fast chords that characterised the  scene.<br />The music here is hard to define. The band took all of their  influences and put it into one distinct sound. It isn't so much rock, punk,  blues, dub or rockabilly, but a mixture of it all.<br />And even if you  already own the old CD copy of London Calling, you simply MUST get this new  remastered cd. The sound quality is much better, as the bass &amp; drums  have been moved up in the mix, making it feel more punchy like the original  vinyl. The insert is really cool, but I wish they had made it a bit bigger,  so you could actually see the pictures.
B000003S5H|5.0|I'm a jazz pianist so my musical tastes tend to be of the more complex nature. At first I disguarded &quot;Air&quot; as another simple, boring electro-pop group. My flatmate had this album and made me listen to it. I  fell instanlty in love with it. I found that on closer inspection of  &quot;Air&quot; there was great complexity in the harmony and chord  structures, Soothing vocals and fantastic sound combinations. I tend to  find that the majority of albums that I hear are just a collection of  songs, some better than others, but none the less - only a group of songs  by an artist. &quot;Moon Safari&quot; doesn't have that feel to it. It  really holds together as an album. I've also found that a lot of so-called  &quot;chilling out&quot; albums remain mainly at a slow tempo but  occasionaly have a crescendo of instruments or a mood change. Air have got  a wonderful mellow feel to their songs which remains a constant throughout  the album without small sections ruining the mood. For this reason it is  difficult to pick out a particular track, however I must say that  &quot;Remember&quot; has a gorgeous chorus with a beautiful chord  progression magically played but sliding strings and a synth sine wave.  This is one album that you can put on without wanting to skip tracks or  adjust the volume level. Fantastic.
B00000AFFF|5.0|You have to understand, when you buy this CD, that the reason these two artists are together is not to duel it out, or to show off, but to pay homage to different musical styles and aspects of ballad-style music.  Of  course you might have been a baby when Burt was in his heyday, but the fact  remains he was an important influence in the pop arena and in other musical  areas, such as scoring music, for years. If you are young, you don't even  know which of his songs were so popular and for how long. But he was THERE,  whether you were aware of it or not.  He was major, for ages. <br /> Elvis, of  course, is unto himself and, to my mind, can do absolutely no wrong. He has  this incredible honesty about his own fascinating music, has stunning  control and diversity, and just loves it ALL so much, he is always worth  listening to.<br />So give this a try, for fun.  Whether it takes you back to  anything memorable in your younger days, or whether it affords you an  opportunity, through an interest you might already have in Elvis, to grasp  for the first time that once upon a time there was a  man named Burt  Bacharach who provided a lot of the heart and soul of the music of his  era...see what you think.<br /> By the way, if you are a woman, I DOUBLE DARE  you not to get misty eyed when you get to &quot;God Give me  Strength&quot;-- whether it is your first time listening to it, or you've  heard it a million times before.<br />best,  Jean
B00000J6AG|2.0|All my friends were raveing on about this album and I'd heard some of the tracks which had an instant appeal to me, so I parted with my hard earned cash and bought it. After a few listens the novelty factor began to wear  off. The level of musical skill in this album seems to be quite basic and  the chord structures are lacking a complexity that makes songs stand out in  your memory. It doesn't really hang together as an album aswell. It is  varied (which is not a bad thing) but in this case it just doesn't seem to  work. This coupled with the fact that moby's liner notes in the album are  pretentious and preachy makes for a dissapointing buy. The album is not  without it's credit where credit's due of course. &quot;Run on&quot; fuses  trad jazz vocal harmony with modern dance beats in a nice way and  &quot;porcelain&quot; has a wonderful backwards string sample which is  really distinctive. I would recomend this album to people who like songs  from adverts and tina turner (their chord progressions are similar in case  you were searching for a link there) and not to musicians or people who  like &quot;albums&quot; rather than particular tracks. &quot;Play&quot; has  the potential to contain many epic tracks but unfortunately they seem to be  lacking one final ingredient to make them great. Just be warned.
B000005S37|1.0|This is just noise, not manicured noise, not sculpted noise, not intelligent noise, just noise. If you want the other types of noise (sculpted, manicured, intelligent), listen to Throbbing Gristle.
B00004T8RK|4.0|I bought Binaural the day it was released, and it has happily remained in my CD changer since then.  I'm glad that Pearl Jam puts forth the effort to change what they do musically, so that they constantly challenge themselves  and their fans. <br />There are so many new-ish rock bands out there that keep  putting out formulaic, uninspiring CDs that bore their fans and show no  creativity.  Pearl Jam is not such a band.  They are constantly tinkering  with their sound and song writing, to keep what they do invigorating for  everyone.  As a fan, thanks Pearl Jam for keeping it  interesting.<br />Strongest songs: Thin Air, Insignificance, Of the Girl and  Evacuation (which was co-written by new drummer Matt Cameron)
B00004TL21|5.0|this c.d. is one of the best c.d.'s to come out this year.  this is the album i have been waiting for for three years.  these guys showed themselves to be truly original, and it has payed off for this album.  i  think this is the platinum success they have been waiting for and deserve.
B00003CX5A|4.0|Although a completely serious movie, the film has it's share of laughs.  Note when Johnny Depp throws the horseman the skull the amazing through and the horseman's perfect one handed catch.  My friends and I watched it over  and over again.  It rates up there with such poor lines as &quot;Download  your computer onto floppy&quot; in Boiler Room, and &quot;Another  Winner...I'll take that peace pipe&quot; in Fear.
0375501851|5.0|The fun in reading this book has many layers. First are the characters, who are varied, unusual, and yet quite credible. Second is the author's wit and spirit, which makes the reading easy and enjoyable. Those layers, of  course, are the classic elements of a splendid book, but there is also a  more unusual third layer. That comes in knowing that the author is a  24-year-old woman who already has mastered enough about writing and people  to tell a mature story. I read it taking a triple pleasure in the scenes,  style, and in anticipation of all the other fine novels bound to come from  Zadie Smith.
0767802659|5.0|This film is a perfect example of how good art operates on various levels. <br />On the surface, its simply a ripping yarn about how our brave boys and girls sally forth into space and fight the bugs, in a war of  survival.<br />Scratch just below the surface though, and you have a witty and  interesting satire on a future facist world. The actors are all beautiful  specimens of the &quot;master race&quot; variety. The propaganda films  shown on the &quot;home front&quot; are both silly and, for those of us old  enough to remember the cold war, just plausible. Several scenes pay a  twisted homage to Leni Refenstahl, the famous German film-maker of 1930s  who made propaganda films for Nazi-Germany. The dress uniforms of our  gallant soldiers are Wermacht field-grey, and the officer's uniforms are  straight out of &quot;Schindler's List.&quot;<br />Finally, like many of the  outraged reviwers I've read here who are too dumb to realise they are  watching a satire, the characters in the film are too dumb to realise they  are being used by a cynical and authoritarian state. Just like the soliders  of Nazi Germany, they are forced to die in vast numbers to  &quot;prove&quot; they are the master race (or as one of the characters  says &quot;we're in this for the species&quot;).<br />Add to the above some of  the best special effects ever done (to date) and you have an excellent  movie - a rare combination of social satire, sci-fi and horrifying action.  Paul Verhoven's best film, and the best sci-fi film of the 1990s.<br />Highly  recommended.
B000000OF6|4.0|A Queen &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; album without one of their best songs is a SACRILEGE!  Other than having to buy &quot;A Day At the Races&quot; seperately, this is classic Queen at their best.
B00000IPAX|5.0|Blink 182 has been awesome since '92 when they were formed. But' I have to say, of all of their cd's, Enema Of The State stands out as the best.
B00003CWRX|5.0|This film is not perfect.  My tolerance for overheated Al Pacino performances is eroding, and I just couldn't buy the premise that his character was THAT saintly. That said, this curmudgeon nonetheless gives  &quot;The Insider&quot; five stars.  Why?: * riveting (and I mean RIVETING)  opening * Russell Crowe * the signature flawless visual style of Michael  Mann and his lucky cinematographers * Russell Crowe * a true grabber of a  story * Russell Crowe * &quot;can't picture anyone else in the role!&quot;  secondary players -- another Mann speciality * Russell Crowe * Christopher  Plummer capturing Mike Wallace in all his fatuous nobility * Russell Crowe  * the stunning ability to create true suspense about a story whose ending  is already known * Russell Crowe * a theme that forces the viewer to THINK  ... and profit by the results * Russell Crowe 'Nuff said?  Oh, and it was  the best picture of the year (and I loved &quot;American Beauty&quot;). . .  . did I mention Russell Crowe?
B000003BDJ|5.0|Whether you're a diehard Stones fan (like myself), or someone unfamiliar with the greatest rock-n-roll band ever, this album is a must-have in any CD collection.  The double album covers early hits such as  &quot;Satisfaction&quot; and &quot;Under My Thumb&quot; up through classics  on the &quot;Sticky Fingers&quot; and &quot;Exile on Main Street&quot;  albums.  From ballads to hard rockers this album has something for every  taste.  I started listening to this album on record when I was a child and  The Rolling Stones became a part of me.  Their creativity and charisma  comes out in every song and I couldn't help but fall in love with their  distinct sound and style.  It's a shame if you don't already have this  album, and a disgrace if you don't run out right now and buy it!
B00004TL21|5.0|The best band to ever grace the soundwaves of Sacramento, California are back with their third and most experimental album to date.  Eagerly anticipated here in Sac, &quot;White Pony&quot; was almost totally out of  stock in every record store in the city just a day after its release.  And  no 'tones fan should be disappointed with our hometown boys' new  offering.<br />Starting with a controlled burst of emotion,  &quot;Feiticiera,&quot; named after a Brazillian priest if I'm not  mistaken, assaults your eardrums from the second you'll hit play.  But it's  not all mindless screaming here folks, there's a definite flight plan here  (as with all Deftones music.)  The production is amazingly crisp and clear,  easily ranking the best of the 3 'tones releases.  And you'll be able to  tell all this just from track one - the trippy &quot;Teenager&quot; and  yet-more-trippy &quot;Digital Bath&quot; will help you see that fact even  more clearly, as a lot has evolved in the band's sound since the  mind-ripping debut (but still excellent) debut &quot;Adrenaline.&quot;  But  don't think this band has in ANY way sold out, gone soft, or trying to  write an MTV single - &quot;Elite&quot; will assist you with any doubts you  might have at this point.  This track absolutely shreds through your  speakers with enough power to set your neighbor's cat on fire.  Play this  one loud and lose yourself.  <br />The band has said many times in interviews  about &quot;White Pony&quot; that they weren't trying to write any singles,  weren't trying to get new fans, and weren't sticking to a certain format or  style that people might &quot;expect&quot; from them.  This album goes all  over the place - from really mellow to insanely loud.  And THAT is the  beauty of this album - no effort was necessarily put in it to attract new  fans, get radio play or more attention from anyone.  And yet, within its  first week of being on the streets, the Deftones have gone from being huge  to colossal.  Thatfact alone speaks for itself when I say how awesome  &quot;White Pony&quot; truly is.  The instrumentation, vocals, songwriting  ability and dynamics are all taken to new heights, and break the label of  the &quot;generic&quot; Sacramento band (not that that's a bad thing at  all!)  It's just that the Deftones have not only gone above and beyong what  I expected, but what the world did as well.  &quot;White Pony,&quot; in  short, is worth the price - check out the two limited edition issues too,  while they last - and be sure to listen for &quot;Change (in the House of  Flies)&quot; on your local rock station.  I'm incredibly glad to see Chino  and company reach such insurmountable heights with the band I used to see  at BoJangle's for $6 on Friday nights where 50 people would show up.   &quot;White Pony&quot; is a true testament to the prominence of  Sacramento's music scene, and no fan should be disappointed with it after  buying it.  It's a true winner.
B00004T9VY|5.0|Its hard to say that this is Cat's best album since they are all so good. If you like Cat and don't have this one you ought to pick up this newly remastered version.  It has some great songs not included on the Greatest  Hits albums like &quot;Longer Boats&quot;, &quot;Sad Lisa&quot;,  &quot;Miles From Nowhere&quot;, &quot;Tea for the Tillerman&quot; and  &quot;Into White&quot;.  These are wonderful songs and should not be  missed, of course, the rest of the songs are pure Cat Stevens classics. I  hear Yusuf Islam (Cat) may be picking up his guitar once again. About time,  Cat, think of all the great songs we've missed out on.
0880381736|5.0|I read this book in the Annotated Chronicles, which is all three of the trilogies together. (Dragons of Autumn Twilight, Dragons of Winter Night, and Dragons of Spring Dawning.) Anyway, this is a great book and I simply  loved it.  The way the story builds up on itself is amazing.  I highly  recommend this book to any fantasy lover.
0140157352|3.0|&quot;Getting to Yes&quot; consists of five basic ideas.  One needs only to flip through the book's pages to identify its key elements.  I found much of the information in &quot;Getting to Yes&quot; to be redundant and  obvious.  However, I cannot argue that the central ideas are  well-supported.  In fact, many are over supported with one similar example  after another.  The fact remains, negotiating is an art that takes years of  pracitce to develop.  While this book may add value to a scholastic reading  assignment, it is very much like a book offering martial arts training.   There is no substitute for hands-on experience.  Although a quick read,  &quot;Getting to Yes&quot; could have been summed up in half the pages.
0446677450|5.0|An interesting book that educates and helps people view money (saving, investing, passive cashflow, etc) more accurately. <br />Kiyosaki seminars are over-priced, especially if they only repeat what is already said in the  books. However, the books themselves contain more than enough information  on their own, anyway.<br />Unless you are a person like the many who've  reviewed this book just to tell everyone you &quot;already know&quot;  everything Kiyosaki explains, this book is worth reading.<br />He IS  educational, unless you already knew it all, of course....<br />I personally  find the writing style a bit 'alarmist' in nature - something no other  reviewer has commented on, interestingly - but if Kiyosaki  genuinely  thinks that's what the future holds, he should say so.<br />For me the best  points were &quot;Let 'em Scream&quot; (ie, pay yourself first) and  Kiyosaki's paradigm-busting views on your house being an 'asset'.
0140157352|3.0|&quot;Getting to Yes&quot; consists of five basic ideas.  One needs only to flip through the book's pages to identify its key elements.  I found much of the information in &quot;Getting to Yes&quot; to be redundant and  obvious.  However, I cannot argue that the central ideas are  well-supported.  In fact, many are over supported with one similar example  after another.  The fact remains, negotiating is an art that takes years of  pracitce to develop.  While this book may add value to a scholastic reading  assignment, it is very much like a book offering martial arts training.   There is no substitute for hands-on experience.  Although a quick read,  &quot;Getting to Yes&quot; could have been summed up in half the pages.
6305372411|5.0|I love more than anyone else when our country pulled her people and resources together in the 1960s for Project Apollo and The Moon! I was only 9 yrs old when we first went to the Moon! I got to meet and write many of  The Apollo astronauts; but have always had trouble remembering all the  missions in detail; and have always regretted there not being VCR'S then to  have all the history and memories on video for posterity, and my children  and theirs to see! Well, thanks to HBO and Tom Hanks' caring and interest  ,like mine in THE MOON landings; we all, now, have all the missions and can  be made aware of the astronauts, their families, and what it took to make  this all possible!  I saw things on these videos that i've never read in  books, and learned and relived the &quot;whole Apollo&quot; story for me,  and what it took to get there, thanks to our nation's willingness,everyone  working together;(as a team effort)toward's a common goal, and President  Kennedy's committment and confidence in our great land, and the  skilled/dedicated and talented people that our country has within! The  best-most intense and best-researched acting and producing that you could  ask for, in a tv series! Only the truth, as it happened,so that we all  today and tomorrow) will always have visible proof of mankind's greatest  adventure of all-time; thus far! Tom Hanks and all actors and everyone  involved with this series, should be given the utmost credit and praise for  a job &quot;well-done&quot; like no other. Even if your not a Space buff, I  guarantee you all that once you watch this series, you will watch it over  and over again and will appreciate all who went there, been there, and done  that!  Thanks Tom and all for a superior/fantastic job! And thanks to HBO  also for helping us to remember each mission, because the only other  recorded history is in NASA archives, and some of us may never get the  chance to get to these specail places, and be able to spend hours at old  Nasafilms/viewing it, or have the time or money! These videos take you  there, let you be on the Moon,walk on it,cruise around theMoon, and splash  down in Pacific, and youn feel like you were there, like never before!  Thanks again Mr. Hanks and HBO! W ish there were 100 more video series's  like FROM THE EARTH TO THE MOON!  May therebbe many more! Long-live Profect  Apollo!
B00004RFFW|3.0|I am a fan of the &quot;Lethal Weapon&quot; series as well as DTS soundtracks.  In fact, when I learned that this movie was to be released in DTS, I waited to make my purchase.  However, after viewing the DVD I was  left dissapointed by the sound quality it delivered.  There are very few  low frequency effects, and the rear speakers are often underutilized.  Much  of the dialogue is stationed in the center channel alone, and ADR  processing is easily detected.  It seems that the movie's musical score is  the only sound element that uses available speakers appropriately.   Perhaps, the fact that &quot;Lethal Weapon 2&quot; was not originally  recorded in DTS has a great deal to do with the soundtrack's limitations.   Regardless, I am not pleased with the quality Warner Brothers and DTS  offeres with this title.
B00004T8RK|4.0|Pearl Jam has never been a band to be boxed into formulaic songwriting or pinned down with simple-minded categorizations. What makes PJ great is their willingness to experiment, evolve and take significant RISKS with  each release. It's a risky proposition, because along with great hits can  come great misses, and the public is ever so fickle and resistant to  change. But it's something that will ultimately make PJ a truly standout -  if not classic - band. And who in the hell ever said that you judge a  band's quality by the album sales?  If you believe that, you've been  missing out on 90% of the best music out there. Populist tendencies and  crowd-pleaser work do not necessarily a classic make.<br />The most ironic  thing about this all is that on &quot;Binaural&quot; PJ continues on with  their original purpose...making experimental, truly &quot;ALTERNATIVE&quot;  music, pushing the envelope and exploring sounds and textures. It's ironic  because that's what alternative and grunge were about in the first place -  the spirit of the movement was about music deviating from the mainstream.  No, this isn't a &quot;Ten&quot; or a &quot;Vs.&quot; because those were  ten years ago...back then, THAT was &quot;alternative&quot;. PJ have  continued to evolve and follow their vision. And now they're getting  slammed for doing what people loved about them at first. Of course each  album should be evaluated according to it's musical and lyrical substance  and quality, not its genre...it's just a point that I personally find  amusing.<br />Having said that, &quot;Binaural&quot; is quite, quite good. PJ  here sounds restrained yet raw, elegant, graceful, mature, MUSICAL. It's a  RAUCOUS album played with freshness and almost abandon - yet layered and  complex. A WORD OF CAUTION: &quot;Binaural&quot; takes time to grow on you.  It's a bit difficult to digest at first and takes repeated listens to  really understand the quality behind this album. It's not formulaic, and  the hooks are subtle. It's about layers...with each spin new elements  emerge that contribute to finally understanding the whole. Give it time and  really listen.<br />The first thing that impacted me was the production - it's  raw and almost primitive - almost a throwback to the analog days. A  reviewer said it best when he said they sound like an indie band. Don't get  me wrong, each instrument is distinct and clearly heard...it's just missing  the typical slick, &quot;digital&quot; production. It's as if the songs  were recorded live in the studio with minimal effects (maybe they were?).  Almost muddy, but not quite. To me it works, but not everyone will be  pleased with it. <br />The musicianship on this album is excellent. Eddie's  voice is more versatile and uses more textures and inflection than ever.  Some of the screaming rage is gone, but it's replaced by a simmering,  brooding anger and a deeper frustration and emotion. The guitars are  outstanding...listen to the interplay between Stone and Mike, the subtle  strains of classic rock, southern rock, folk...the emotional licks and  riffs. There is always a dual attack going on which gives the music  dimension. A bit of the biting, electric wall-of-sound approach is missing  to be replaced by a more textured, classsic, almost jangly (at times)  sound...it's a small gripe I have. But worry not, they still rock when  needed. Jeff's bass playing is spot-on and supports the rhythm solidly  while providing melodic elements of his own. And Matt Cameron's drumming is  sensational. This is a brilliant drummer - one of the best in any style of  rock today.<br />For the most part, this album is a hit. The aggressive  rockers like &quot;Breakerfall&quot;, &quot;God's Dice&quot; are true  standouts. Again, think raw indie approach. &quot;Insignificance&quot; and  &quot;Grievance&quot; are arguably two of the best songs PJ has ever  penned. Beautifully done. And of their slower tracks, &quot;Light  Years&quot;, &quot;Thin Air&quot; are very good, with brooding emotion and  subtle hooks. Of their more experimental songs, &quot;Nothing Is As It  Seems&quot; and &quot;Sleight of Hand&quot; are great, psychedelic  numbers...with &quot;Parting Ways&quot; being absolutely brilliant.<br />Now,  some misses (to me): &quot;Rival&quot; is too experimental and to me comes  off sounding forced and out of character. &quot;Soon Forget&quot; (Eddie's  ditty with a ukelele) sounds genuine but bland and forgetful. It's missing  expression and I believe Eddie could have done more with it. Finally, the  rocker &quot;Evacuation&quot; does rock, but it's difficult to latch on to,  even after repeated listenings...it toes the line of sounding dissonant and  disjointed and ALMOST out of control - like a last-minute improvised jam  session. It works to some effect, but it can be a bit annoying.<br />Some have  said that if this was an album by a new band, it would be ignored. I take a  different tack...if this was an album by a new band, it would be hailed as  brilliant, original, fresh, etc. But since it's PJ and PJ has been boxed  into a formula and sound by the public, it doesn't conform to expectations,  so the album is not widely accepted. Think about it.<br />Great album...if  you're open-minded enough.
079283321X|5.0|The film is about the title character getting a once-in-a-million shot at the Heavyweight Title of the World. The film, itself, has its own one-in-a-million-shot story to it as well.Stallone wrote this very  quickly(I have heard he wrote this in less than a week).Film is actually  low budget with(at the time) no big name stars(well maybe Burgess  &quot;TWILIGHT ZONE&quot; Meredith), and it became the top-moneymaker of  1976 winning the best best picture oscar!      I have said in my title that  there should not have been sequels spawned from this one. The weakness of  the sequels, though they are good pop &amp; bubble gum entertainment, is  that the sequels rely too much on just the &quot;fight&quot;. The first  installment is about the people involved. It is a good love story, it is a  good human drama. The fight does not come until the end(although there is a  brief fight scene in a hole-in-the-wall club after the opening credits  ROCKY roll), and in the meantime we are treated to how the title character  lives day-to-day surviving on the streets as a loan shark for ogranized  crime while fighting as a &quot;ham and egger&quot; in clubs. It is nice to  see that our hero is not perfect. He is, of course, flawed and that works  here so well. Rocky is not clean-shaven all-American boy as he is a street  tough living in the lower East side of Philadelphia with links to organized  crime. The character of his oppponent(Carl Weathers) is not really ever  developed much here, and that is important because, again, it is not the  fight that is the focus of the film, although the fight scene is very  exciting(make-up man should have won an oscar). This is an exceptionally  well-written film and the actors serve the story beautifully. These are  real, blue-collar types that is so wonderful to see as opposed to straight,  white-teethed perfect looking model types in other hollywood films. It is a  moving human drama that unfolds before us.      There are moments of  pounding excitement in the fight scenes, there are triumphant  lump-in-throat scenes such as the famous final bell scene where all Rocky  cares about is being reunited with his shy girlfriend(Talia Shire), there  are embarrasingly funny moments like the ice-skating scene, exciting  training scenes set to the top-40 hit Gonna Fly Now.      The location  filming in this one is very effective. I have been to Philadelphia, and  they could not have selected a better locale to shoot this one. One of the  best films of the 1970s.
B000002IGP|4.0|Call it whatever you like...pop, glam, L.A. metal or hard rock...this is one of the great metal albums that marked the advent of more accessible, mainstream metal.<br />This album is really underrated. Yes, it does lack some  lyrical substance/depth...I agree. And at times the music is a tad  formulaic. But this band had/has excellent talent. Tight, tight  musicianship, excellent technical guitar playing and soloing and catchy,  memorable melodies...that's what makes this album highly valued.<br />And one  thing many people seem to overlook with these bands...along with Motley  Crue and AC/DC, Ratt (especially on this album) had something that made it  distinctive...GROOVE. Yeah, that's right...these songs groove and bounce,  and that's what makes you come back to this album and makes the songs so  strong and memorable. It's an item oft-overlooked because groove has been  &quot;rediscovered&quot; in the 90's...but just take a listen to  &quot;Round and Round&quot;, &quot;Trouble&quot;, &quot;Lack of  Communication&quot;, &quot;Back For More&quot; and &quot;Scene of The  Crime&quot; to hear what I mean. These guys had it. Bobby Blotzer (drums)  and Juan Croucier (bass) were very underrated...listen carefully to their  work here to hear the subtle touches and nuances that make these songs so  addictive.<br />Good music that makes you want to &quot;bang your head&quot; -  and with better musical/instrumental playing than the majority of the other  bands coming out around this time in this vein of music.<br />This is one of  their best - if not the best - along with &quot;Invasion of Your  Privacy&quot; and &quot;Detonator&quot;.
0783235968|5.0|I was pleased to hear that the baseball field in Dyersville, Iowa is still there! I am going to have to check that out before I shufle off this mortal coil! Excellent cast, and wonderful fanatasy story make this a must-own VHS  or DVD(I just bought a player).I love the scene where Lancaster's character  saves the little girl and walks out into the cornfield.Great Stuff!Ending  will have you reaching for kleenex!Top notch in every way!
0140195076|5.0|A very good book for Western astrologers who are interested in Jyotish.Detail fundamentals are quite adequate and explanations are logical and applicable,especially about bhavas,nakshatras and interpretation of the  horoscopes. For jyotishis  who are more critical,details in some yogas are  to be carefully considered and judged, as the conditions of such yogas may  differ in details.Examples are the Panca Mahapurusa yogas and Dharma Karma  Adhipati yogas.
6304698798|5.0|This film is the longest, and the best of the &quot;Dollars&quot; trilogy. It runs at 3 hrs, but it moves at a quick pace so you don't feel like it is 3 hrs. In the 3hrs. we are treated to several exciting and funny  sequences.Eli Wallach is the perfect sidekick for the man with no name as  misery loves company right! My favorite scene is where Eli and Clint steal  the dynamite from the Union Soldiers and blow up the bridge(&quot;It is a  court martial to even imagine blowing it up! ), and the showdown in the  cemetery is priceless.
B00000J2KT|5.0|Fade in:Welcome to the U.S. Marines.<br />     Fade out<br />     Fade in:Welcome to Vietnam<br />     Stanley Kubrick is my fave fimmaker of all time, and he has a style that is unlike any others. The reverse track, the  heavy use(and expert use) of the steadicam, the slow pull backs and slow  zoom ins are all Kubrick. One of the best scenes is when a squad of war  correspondents are scene panning past a unit of Marines after an  attack(with The Trashmen playing in the background), and each Marine gives  his contribution to Sgt. Cowboy's &quot;Start the cameras, this is  Vietnam--The movie! &quot;.      Boot camp scenes are powerful and there  is one scene that is priceless as the D.I. is lecturing to the young boots  about 2 of the world's greatest sharpshooters Charles Whitman and Lee  Harvey Oswald!As we are taken to Hue City during the '68 Tet Offensive, we  get to see what happened to some of the recruits that made it out of boot  camp(now of higher rank-Sgt.Joker,for ex.). Good Vietnam war flick that  shows the young audiences that the war was not just fought out in the  jungles, but in the cities as well.My only complaint(and it is a technical  one) is when are they going to re-release this in DOLBY-SURROUND?
0375707972|5.0|WOW.  What an interesting book.  Don't you just love twists at the end of a story?  Well, you should, and you should also read this book.  This story is downright superb.  I suggest reading this one of a kind, gripping,  fantastic book.  You'll LOVE it!
0440224764|5.0|Quite a few years ago, there was a television show called \\"To Tell the Truth\\" in which a celebrity panel, egged on by a celebrity moderator, would try to guess which of three guest panelists, when quizzed about their lives  and circumstances, would turn out to be the actual named person.  The game  always ended in the command \\"Will the real `John Doe' please stand up\\", at  which point our suspense was relieved and we all got to congratulate or  commiserate on our own candidate of choice.<br />And so with our now famous  author, some times I feel like saying \\"Will the real John Grisham please  stand up.\\"  In Partner, this is not (to my mind, thankfully) the slow-paced  dramatist of book one, A Time to Kill, or book five, The Chamber, the  latter of which I predicted would never be a movie (wrong!) for its  dullness and lack of intrigue (right!).  Nor is this the social commentator  proselytizing in The Rainmaker (wife abuse is bad) or The Runaway Jury  (smoking is bad), although at least these two gave us moderately satisfying  page-turners.  Nope -- the good news is that our clever creator of Pelican  Brief, The Client, and The Firm is back, with all the complexities of plot,  action and thrills, even an ironic twist at the end, to captivate our  imaginations and keep us up until three in the morning with no regrets.  And make no mistake, this movie will be a barn burner -- the only question  being how many millions more will it dump into the Grisham coffers.<br />By  now, you may have heard snatches of the plot.  I hate to spoil the story,  but the gist is that a successful young law firm partner \\"dies\\" in an  accident, only to be discovered years later hiding abroad with close to  eight figures in stolen loot.  [Relax -- all that becomes clear in chapter  one of forty-three, so I'm hardly giving away the plot...] What follows are  the intricacies of legal maneuvers and one-up-man-ship by our hero, as he  masterminds his own extrication from prison, while gradually spinning the  whole incredible yarn through various conversations meted out carefully  enough to keep us turning pages into the wee hours.<br />So, for me, the best  John Grisham has indeed stood up -- with riveting story telling, political  and social insight into the mechanisms of lawyering, and a tale that  engrosses from start to finish.  Can't wait for the movie !y spinning the  whole incredible yarn through various conversations meted out carefully  enough to keep us turning pages into the wee hours.<br />So, for me, the best  John Grisham has indeed stood up -- with riveting story telling, political  and social insight into the mechanisms of lawyering, and a tale that  engrosses from start to finish.  Can't wait for the movie !
B00000AFWW|5.0|For those of you who aren't really fans of Courtney Love, you don't have to be to LOVE this CD.  I heard it once with my friend and I was shocked.  Every song on this CD is unique and the lyrics are wonderful.  This is a CD  I constantly have in my player.  I listen to it over and over and haven't  gotten tired of it once.  This is one of my all time favorite albums.  Buy  it immediately.
B00003Q43A|4.0|Come on people.  It's a great popcorn flick to while away (and waste two hours).  The special effects alone make it worth the effort.<br />Yes, there are gaping holes in the plot and science.  Chief amongst them is the  connection between Jeff Goldblum's computer and the mother ship.  We can't  usually connect two Earth laptops on the same platform.  And assuming Jeff  could connect with the alien network don't you think they'd have Norton  Antivirus 3000?<br />Ah well, kick back, pop in the DVD with 5.1, grab the  popcorn and enjoy.
6304981635|5.0|Cut through the cheese everyone.  Enter The Dragon is the yardstick against which all other martial arts movies will be measured.  The fight scenes, location, action, etc., make all other martial arts movies pale by  comparison.<br />How do today's martial arts movies compare?  To give you an  idea, the year Enter The Dragon was released, it was Warner Brother's top  grossing film.  Second only to The Exorcist.  Now that says a lot.  If you  want to be entertained by the greatest martial artist who ever lived, check  out Enter The Dragon.  If you've never seen it before (you may have been in  a coma or on Gilligan's Island), you are in for the martial arts ride of  your life!  Ten Stars!   (The movie is so good I gave it 5 stars twice!)   Bruce Lee will live forever!
B00003Q43A|4.0|very entertaining , not a boring part in the movie ,its a movie to add to collection
6304981635|5.0|Cut through the cheese everyone.  Enter The Dragon is the yardstick against which all other martial arts movies will be measured.  The fight scenes, location, action, etc., make all other martial arts movies pale by  comparison.<br />How do today's martial arts movies compare?  To give you an  idea, the year Enter The Dragon was released, it was Warner Brother's top  grossing film.  Second only to The Exorcist.  Now that says a lot.  If you  want to be entertained by the greatest martial artist who ever lived, check  out Enter The Dragon.  If you've never seen it before (you may have been in  a coma or on Gilligan's Island), you are in for the martial arts ride of  your life!  Ten Stars!   (The movie is so good I gave it 5 stars twice!)   Bruce Lee will live forever!
B00002ZMNV|5.0|Metallica is awesome. The San Fransico symphony orchestra is awesome. you put them together, you get one of the most amazing Sounds ever. It was like Metallica wrote the songs to be played with the symphony. Highlights are  One, Nothing Else Matters, Master of Puppets, No Leaf Clover, and the  amazing Hero of the Day. This DVD is totally worth every cent. Buy it now  if you are a Metallica fan, or if you are just into good rock  experimentation.
0684847248|5.0|The word &quot;love&quot; is so overused that, for me, it has lost virtually all meaning.  However, this author manages to provide a valuable exposition of the subject, and does so quite convincingly from his  perspective as a Christian and a psychologist.  While I don't believe one  book can provide all the answers to life's questions, there are those rare  books that can provide the reader with a new and useful way of thinking;  one piece of the puzzle, so to speak.  This is one such book.  I also  recommend &quot;The Monk and the Philospher&quot; for those of you looking  for an extremely well-written, cogent dialogue on life's ultimate meaning.   It is a conversation between a French philosopher and his son, who holds a  Ph.D. in molecular biology but left the western world to become a Buddhist  monk.  Whatever your religion, I believe you will find the discussion  worthwhile.
B00000IKSC|3.0|I have seen 3 Backstreet Boys tapes. I have two of them and my freind has this one. She is obsessed with BSB and loves the video. I am a big fan and I guess it's ok to watch once. I saw it twice and was board the second  time. Most of the songs they sing are good, but you can't hear them on all  of them. The fans are screeming so loud you can't make out a lot of the  words on &quot;That's the Way I Like it&quot; and &quot;Let's Have a  Party&quot;. That's all I remeber that you couldn't hear, but there is  probably more. Your best bet is to borrow it from someone and find out if  you like it before you buy it. If you want a video with a really good  concert though get &quot;A Night Out With The Backstreet Boys&quot;. That  is a really good video.
6301557824|2.0|A major dud at the box-office when released in 1989, &quot;Pink Cadillac&quot; was perhaps the first serious sign that Clint Eastwood's career was in need of a comeback (which came in the form of  &quot;Unforgiven&quot; three years later).  If his Oscar winning western is  his best film, &quot;Pink Cadillac&quot; may very well be his worst.  As  both an action film and a comedy, it's pretty lame most of the time, but it  remains a must-see for Eastwood fans in that he has never before (and only  rarely since) been so extroverted on screen.  He's quite funny throughout,  and his performance compensates for a script that is as ridiculous as it is  cliched.  Though a minor credit in Eastwood's impressive filmography,  &quot;Pink Cadillac&quot; is worth a look for his fans.
078062565X|5.0|Nearly 70 years after its release, 'King Kong' still stands as the greatest monster movie ever made. The story of the giant gorilla captured on an uncharted island and brought back to be displayed in New York, where  he escapes and creates havoc, has captivated generations of movie goers. No  doubt it will continue to do so for many years to come.<br />The special  effects still look wonderful today, even in this era of computer generated  monsters. This is mainly due to Willis O'Brien, Kong's animator. O'Brien  was a master craftsman, and 'King Kong' is his finest hour. The photography  also adds much to the mood of the film. The scenes on Skull Island, in  particular, have a strange, almost dreamlike quality.<br />'King Kong' has  variously been described as horror, science fiction, fantasy, and fairy  tale. It is all these things and more. The scenes of Kong cradling Fay Wray  (the great screamer) in his paw, fighting the Tyrannosaurus, and making his  final stand atop the Empire State Building have become part of movie  legend. The taut direction and Max Steiner's exciting music score all  combine to make 'King Kong' fully deserve its reputation as a cinema  classic.
0425170349|4.0|I usually find Tom Clancy novels a little too technical but I truely enjoyed this one.
1573225517|4.0|I'm one that prides myself on the bulk of my reading, but lately I haven't been able to finish a book.  Recently I've tried both _Dorian Grey and Talented Mr. Ripley, neither of which I finished.  Then I read High  Fidelity, and it was very engaging: I actually read it from cover to cover  in about two days (which is fast for me).  I suggest this book.  It's one  of the best recent pictures of lit I've read in a very long time.<br />Now I  look forward to seeing the movie.
B00004T8RK|4.0|This is another Pearl Jam great album!
B000001F6S|4.0|I think these guys must have bionic joints, because they can play so fast for so long. This is a recording made &quot;one summer night in 1968 at the famous Klooks Kleek club&quot; and boy I wish I could have been there!  The  first time I heard these guys was from a documentary about the Isle of  Wight festival and I thought &quot;Wow!&quot; then I saw them play  &quot;I'm Going Home&quot; on the Woodstock film and I thought &quot;That  was one of the best things my ears have ever heard!&quot; I was an instant  fan! &quot;Undead&quot; has an earlier recording of &quot;I'm Going  Home&quot; which is very tame compared to the Woodstock version, but  excellent nonetheless. The standout track is &quot;At The Woodchoppers  Ball&quot; which is the reason for this review's title. Never before have I  heard people play so furiously for so long. I'm surprised that they had  enough juice to finish their set! The only thing that approaches this kind  of endurance is one of those crazy-long Alex Van Halen drum solos. Maybe he  was inspired by these guys. At any rate, this is a great cd that should  have a place in any music lovers collection, especially those who don't  mind a little noise or a few goosebumps along the way.
6305531374|5.0|Halloween H2O is a great sequel.It may not be scary but it does do a good job of continuing the story of Laurie Strode.The best part of this movie is the ending. It makes you wonder how there going to bring michael back for  Halloween 8. If you haven't seen this movie rent it!  If your a Halloween  fan Buy It!
B00000IPAX|5.0|This is a really cool neat CD. I love blink 182 and when I first heard them It was the dude ranch CD and I diddn't like them untill I heard all the small things and then I got the edited version of the CD for christmas  and I loved it and then I accidentally mixed up my edited copy of the cd  with my friends unedited cd and I realized that there isn't that much  cussing in the cd only in about 2 songs and they say the &quot;F&quot; word  only like 5 or 6 times in the cd and those 5 or 6 are only in 2 songs,  Blink 182 dosen't cuss as much in 4 cd's as limp bizkit does in one two  minute song. In conclusion this blink 182 CD opened my eyes to the punk  world and now it is my favorite kind of music!  -Patrick S. Lawler   P.S. My e-mail is patrick@thelawlers.com
0767830547|5.0|Before you read this, I should tell you that I'm only 17 years old, for whatever that's worth. Now I can tell you how I feel about this movie. My father was telling me about how great Taxi Driver was. I've always loved  the classic movies, The Godfather, Annie Hall, The Third Man...etc, so I  decided to give this movie a chance since I enjoyed De Niro in Godfather  Part 2(The greatest movie of all time). I rented this and it just blew me  away. The script, the directing, the acting, everything is just amazing.  The script was very strong, but De Niro made it even better with his  improvisational scenes including the scene at the mirror. A young Jodie  Foster puts on a convincing performance, along with Cybil Shephard, Harvey  Keitel, and the other stars in this wonderous film. In the special edition  version, there is a segment after the film that is very interesting. One  piece that sticks out in my head was that the film was so incredibly real,  that the colors had to be toned down, because the scene in the apartment  with the shootout was too realistic. That should tell you how great this  really is. It was too good, too real, too perfect, so they had to make it  easier to stomach. In conclusion, this is one of the best movies I have  ever seen in my short life. I recommend it to anyone, regardless of age.  But be prepared to be blown away, thank you.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This is a really cool neat CD. I love blink 182 and when I first heard them It was the dude ranch CD and I diddn't like them untill I heard all the small things and then I got the edited version of the CD for christmas  and I loved it and then I accidentally mixed up my edited copy of the cd  with my friends unedited cd and I realized that there isn't that much  cussing in the cd only in about 2 songs and they say the &quot;F&quot; word  only like 5 or 6 times in the cd and those 5 or 6 are only in 2 songs,  Blink 182 dosen't cuss as much in 4 cd's as limp bizkit does in one two  minute song. In conclusion this blink 182 CD opened my eyes to the punk  world and now it is my favorite kind of music!  -Patrick S. Lawler   P.S. My e-mail is patrick@thelawlers.com
0064407667|5.0|After reading tremendous reviews of &quot;A Series of Unfortunate Events&quot;, I purchased them from Amazon.com. Was I impressed? You bet! From the beginning chapters, when the parents of 14-year-old Violet,  12-year-old Klaus, and the newborn Sunny were killed in a monstrous fire, I  was enthralled. The orphans were taken to live with the horrendous Count  Olaf, who hit them, made them work, and tried to steal their fortune. Among  the aspects that amused me was one of Sunny saying a nonsense word which  the author described as meaning something relevant, such as  &quot;Gack&quot; meaning &quot;Look at that mysterious figure emerging from  the fog.&quot; Some parts truly are sad, and some are morbidly funny.  Unlike some of the reviewers on this website, I have an imagination and I  thoroughly enjoyed this book and its sequels. I am eagerly anticipating the  release of #5: The Austere Academy. Read these books and I guarantee that,  if you have any sort of imagination, you'll love them!
B00004R99R|5.0|It's a Disney kid's movie. Get over yourselves!<br />Now that I've got that out of my system...<br />This is one fun movie. Hades and his henchmen are a scream! James Woods is just perfect as Hades, Rip Torn is great as Zeus,  and Danny DeVito does a pretty good Phil. The score is great - my daughter  and I have been singing &quot;Zero to Hero&quot; for about a week straight.  There's enough songs and kid-stuff to keep little ones glued, and enough  in-jokes and pop-culture references to keep the adults entertained as well.  <br />If you're afraid that your kids will be scarred for life after seeing  this movie, I'll be willing to bet that, once they've seen and enjoyed  Disney's version, they'll sit still to hear the &quot;real&quot; story.
0812550706|5.0|Ender's Game is a brilliant piece that works like great literature - for people who don't want to intellectualize, it's an exciting gripping rip-roaring easy-to-follow adventure story of a precocious child going to  war in space.  For the people who like to intellectualize and think about  what they read, it is filled with much meat over which to wax philosophic,  in regards to the ethics and morality of total warfare, what it means to  defeat an opponent, what is sacrifice-able in terms of preserving a society  (such as childhood innocence), what are the real ethical boundaries of  preparing and training for war, etc. Like Shakespeare, the book is genius  because anyone can enjoy it no matter how &quot;deep&quot; they wish to dig  into it, or if they desire to dig into it at all.  Card's prosody is also  that rare kind that truly keeps one turning pages, riveted to the  magnificent story.
0800141806|4.0|Philadelphia's profound portrayal of a homosexual lawyer afflicted with the AIDS virus, Andrew Beckett (Tom Hanks), is perhaps the driving force behind the film's impact and overall importance. Hanks, after being  wrongfully dismissed from his law offices, enlists the help of fellow  lawyer Denzel Washington to sue the firm. Washington, after forcing himself  to dismiss prejudice, fear and overall disgust, grudgingly accepts Hank's  case. Thus, the drama begins. The idea of fear leading to hate is prevalent  throughout the courtroom scenes, but it shadows in the light of the overall  underlying message. Andrew Beckett has AIDS, and he is going to die.<br />We,  the viewers, witness Beckett's downfall to the virus throughout the film.  His past is never fully revealed, but we gain insight to how his infection  took place and how his family, as well as Beckett himself copes with death.  All of these circumstances lead to a sympathetic, provoking performance by  Hanks, which lead to an Oscar. His portrayal of a man dealing with death,  loss and injustice invokes feelings of grief, sorrow and sympathy. Beckett  is doomed, that much we know from the start, but the aspect of this film  that makes it so significant is how Beckett, through Hanks, deals with the  subject of his own eventual demise. He must learn to accept his fate if he  is ever to survive the courtroom battle that ensues.<br />Perhaps the scene  where his acceptance of fate truly occurs is after a party in his  apartment. Washington is there to go over some questions with Beckett, but  Beckett seems elsewhere, almost lost. He isn't lost however, in all  reality, he is found. A powerful, heartfelt scene involving opera follows,  in which Beckett understands, accepts and perhaps seals his fate. The  scene, in my opinion, is one of the most powerful in recent memory.   <br />Three things sell Philadelphia: Hanks' character of Andrew Beckett,  well-written script, and Jonathan Demme's humanistic approach to thefilm.  These aspects make  Philadelphia a worthy film indeed.
0790729369|5.0|I remember how disappointed I was when I first heard of the selection of Streep and Eastwood for the roles.  After reading the book, I thought they were wrong for the characters.  It turns out I was wrong!  They work  together remarkably well!  Their romance is one of my favorites in all of  film.  Streep is just phenominal again!  When will the AFI give her a life  achievement award?  Eastwood shows quite a range here and he is completely  real as the photographer.  Eastwood's direction is really fantastic here as  the movie paints a beautiful picture.  The final sequence with Streep in  the truck is as good as it gets.  If you don't feel her pain, I mean really  empathize with her dilemma, then perhaps romantic films aren't your thing.   The way that scene is filmed will stick with me for a long time.  The only  negative is the casting of the brother and sister looking through Streep's  life.  When they're in a scene it's so flat and then the movie goes back in  time and the film is remarkable again.  Don't be warned off because you  think this one glorifies extramarital affairs.  It doesn't!   The woman and  man do the right thing in the long run.  As the old lady says in Titanic  (paraphrase)...a woman's heart holds many secrets..  This secret is about a  chance encounter that would help define the main characters very being...   in life and in death.   This one is very powerful.
0783242808|5.0|It's a good thing PETA doesn't stand for &quot;People for the Ethical Treatment of Apple pies&quot;.  If it did the movie would be banned in the U.S.  American Pie is one of my top 10 funniest movies ever.  It reminded  me and made me yearn for my old high school days.  The material in the film  is remarkably typical to the issues yesterday and today's teenager has to  deal with.  Ironically the material is not suitable for persons under the  age  or 18.  Anyway, I highly recommend this film to all 20 somethings that  partied in high school.  It's pretty darn funny!
6303148352|3.0|Admittedly, this is a spfx bonanza.  That alone warrants multiple viewings.  However, as is typical of Big Ole Hollywood, the story is severely disabled.  Either watering down or altogether trashing the darker,  more intellectual elements of the source novel, JP instead plays it safe.   Sure, it is tense, exciting and involving but, did anyone else walk out of  the theatre feeling empty?  Did anyone else feel pandered to?  As a  dinosaur enthusiast, I have to recommend this film for its spectacular  effects and its overall sense of fun and excitement.  However, anyone  seeking any depth or an exploration of thought-provoking ideas should look  elsewhere.  But, that's okay!  Nobody cares about plot anyway, right?  Just  strap yourself in, shut off your brain and be pummelled into submission  like a good little lamb.  Everybody's doing it!
B00003CWL6|5.0|This is one of the finest films I have seen in 42 years of life and film viewing.<br />And it is the quintessential example of film as art and entertainment.<br />I was moved beyond speaking when I first saw it in the  theatres, which is amazing for a chatterbox like me.  I did not say one  word for almost an hour after it ended...I felt that anything I could say  would be inadequate to express how I felt.  And indeed, that remains true  today, even after seeing it a half a dozen times.<br />Art's job is to change  the way we see things, to speak to our deepest selves, and move us.  AB is  art.<br />I have no complaint, I can list no flaw.  This film is, in my view,  utter perfection.<br />And by the way... to all the reviewers, both negative  and positive... I don't feel that this movie was really so much about  &quot;the dark underbelly of American suburbia&quot; - that was just the  frame work.  This movie was all about, in the end, what Lester Burnham  says: being grateful for &quot;every moment of my miserable little life.   You may not understand now...but you will.&quot;  The moment when I knew  that this film was going to be something way, way beyond just an  entertaining film was when Ricky shows her the video of the plastic bag...  that was one of the most amazing moments in American cinema.<br />And this  film has become a de facto litmus test for my friendships: fortunately,  everyone I love &quot;got&quot; it... bigtime.
B00001ZUGJ|3.0|I think the Matrix is a pretty good movie but much of the dialogue seems to be flawed with too many explanatory phrases. I sat through this a few times and noticed it more and more. Morpheus is a regular talking  encyclopedia but I guess that was what he was supposed to be. Trinity on  the other hand was really getting on my last nerve. She also was explaining  a lot too. There is a scene where these sentinels(creature like machines)  are ready to destroy the ship they are on. Neo says sentinels like he was  asking a question and then Trinity goes and spouts what they do. Why  couldn't instances like that be left to the imagination? I could have  figured that out based on what the characters did in response to those  sentinels.(Show don't tell) I was not pleased with the climax of the movie.  I will not spoil it for the people who haven't seen the movie but it  included a lot more brawn than brains. It was a lot more of a feast for the  eyes and not the brains.(Guns, lots of guns) The ending also has a very  &quot;Snow White&quot; aspect to it as well.(See it and you will understand  that further) For a movie that was supposed to be so intelligent it was  more mesmerizing than anything else.(Visually and Auditorally) What is with  those tight leather clothes and black shades(awful style).What was holding  the shades on throughout all the flipping? It must have been the Matrix.
B00000J7RZ|1.0|Sorry, but lets face it she's an actress not a singer. Beautiful face and body but bot a true song bird. She can sing some, but not anywhere near a hit. Stick to the acting buisiness.
B00004SCX6|5.0|Oops I did it again was way better than the first CD. I don't understand how people can call britney talentless.
6304826133|4.0|Director James Mangold makes good use of Sylvester Stallone in this cop corruption saga while capturing the mentality of a small New Jersey town atmospherically named \\"Garrison\\" (Fort Lee?), a town that serves as an  inbred bedroom community for the NYPD blue.  I could tell by the foliage  that most of this was filmed during an eastern seaboard summer: I could  feel the humidity and it made me want to wring out my shirt and slap some  mosquitoes.<br />Stallone is very good as Sheriff Freddy Heflin, who was  rejected for the NYPD because of a bum ear suffered saving a beloved girl's  life.  He's the simple sap who's not so simple, slow to anger, but once  aroused, look out!  (Compare to the ingredients of the Stallone Formula.)  De Niro plays an Internal Affairs investigator while Harvey Keitel is his  mortal enemy, a corrupt sleaze-ball cop.  What I want to know is, was the  choice of the name Figgis for Ray Liotta's part a director's inside joke?  Incidentally, Liotta is entirely believable as a testosterone/coke-hyped  cop wanting OUT.<br />The story is reasonable as these things go, and the old  style Western shoot `em up near the end tolerable.  I found some of the  plot devices, such as Figgis finding Freddy in the burnt out house, and one  of the corrupt cops popping up in the back seat of Freddy's patrol car, a  little too convenient.  (But a contrivance is better than lollygagging the  plot.)  I also thought the rationale for the cops' violent turning on their  own a little underdeveloped and especially difficult to appreciate near the  beginning of the film.  The ensemble of corruption and degeneracy fully  revealed however made sense.  The sound track is excellent and the  cinematography and backdrops make New Jersey along the Hudson almost  picturesque.<br />What Mangold proves here is he can conjure up an  action/adventure ditty with the best of them.  He's already made an  excellent art film, Heavy (1995), and a superior and original coming of  ager, Girl, Interrupted (1999).  I believe that the romantic comedy and the  epic cannot be far behind.  For a young director with his talent, the only  question (aside from money, chance and the availability of the box office  buffos) is does he want to be a cinematic artist or a commercial artist?  I  hope he can be both.<br />Best joke: \\"I didn't know they allowed classical  music in New Jersey.\\"Girl, Interrupted (1999).  I believe that the romantic comedy and the  epic cannot be far behind.  For a young director with his talent, the only  question (aside from money, chance and the availability of the box office  buffos) is does he want to be a cinematic artist or a commercial artist?  I  hope he can be both.<br />Best joke: \\"I didn't know they allowed classical  music in New Jersey.\\"
0790736942|5.0|The Exorcist is a horror classic which cannot be ignored.An extended review is coming shortly.
B00003CWL6|3.0|I don't understand why people like this movie so much - to me it is just cliche after cliche, a sophomoric view of suburban life - a view of American suburbia by people who don't know it.  I thought Kevin Spacey was  good, and there are some fine parts, but the rave reviews are nothing more  than an indication of the dumbing-down of the English-speaking world.  To  my mind, this is the worst &quot;Best Picture&quot; Academy award-winner  since &quot;Out of Africa&quot;.
B00000IL1K|5.0|O.K, I'm probably going to get flack for the first part of this review, but I'll redeem myself by the end.  <br />I first heard Ms. Brightman like many of us did in Phamtom Of The Opera.  I couldn't stand to listen to her.   Her voice sounded really strange by the end of the show almost like  someone was strangling her.  So that left a bad sound in my ear.<br />Last  week I was at a party and the host had Eden and Time To Say Goodbye, and I  have to say that I was blown away when I wound out who was singing.  I  immediately went out and bought them and have been listening to them  non-stop.  Eden is an amazing album.  Very ethereal and tranquil.  Ms  Brightman's version of Dust In The Wind is a very good remake (reminds me  of Mummers Dance) as is the Italian version of My Heart Will Go On.  I  highly recommend this album for yourself and for any friends.  I can't wait  for her next cd!
0312243022|5.0|Okay, I gave it five stars, now I'm going to blast it.  This is a well written book, an enjoyable read.  It's a pity it won a Pulitzer though, because it can't live up to that honor.<br />Imagine a Hollywood Producer  handing a talented screenwriter a copy of Mrs Dalloway and saying,  &quot;Here, write an updated version of this that audiences can relate  to,&quot; and you've got The Hours.  It's not just an homage to Virginia  Woolf, it's a rewrite.  But a good one.
6300183483|3.0|You know I loved the movie when it was released in 1977 under the title &quot;Star Wars&quot;. The only difference being that not only was the movie ridiculously corny, the special effects terrible (back in 1984 CGI  wasn't advanced enough for the artists to execute the battle scenes  completely with computer animation) but the film didn't flow. For example;  the film didn't bother to explain how that video machine had just happened  to be there for no apparent reason without even the United States  government being in on the aliens mission to recruit new human members to  join their starfleet. Nobody expected that alien to pick up that kid in  that spaceship, that kid who was stupid enough to hop into a car of some  complete stranger that he knew absolutely nothing about. The director might  as well have thrown in Bugs Bunny for a cameo appearance for that film, as  well as a musical number.
B00003CX6P|5.0|The Talented Mr. Ripley is one of the most intelligent and intense thrillers I have recently seen. The actors are superb and the story is incredible.<br />After having been sent to Italy by a Mr. Greenwielf, Ripley  meets Dickie (Jude Law), Mr. Greenwielf's wayward son. Mr. Greenwielf wants  his son back in America, but Ripley has other ideas. He has integrated  himself with Dickie and his fiance Marge (Gwyneth Paltrow). His obsession  with Dickie's lifestyle and good looks is obvious from the very beginning.  What does Ripley want? That's very simple: Dickie. The story takes some  interesting twists and turns.<br />This is a great film. Matt Damon's  portrayal of Ripley is excellent. Gwyneth Paltrow is also great, but the  real treat in this film is Jude Law; I'll be hearing a lot from this  talented actor in the future.<br />The Talented Mr. Ripley is a very  well-crafted thriller that will capture you. I guarantee it!
B00004TL21|2.0|This cd is way to slow for a deftones cd. I wouldn't say they sold out though they just changed into boring slow band.
B0000033WC|5.0|&quot;Loaded&quot; was Lou Reed's rock and roll masterpiece, an album that dropped the screaming guitars, overt drug references, and weird (but beautiful) experiments in favor of a stripped down reinterpretation of  three-chord rock and roll.  In many respects, &quot;Loaded&quot;  foreshadowed the back-to-basics aesthetic of the garage and punk movements  of the 70s (see the first albums by the Ramones, the Modern Lovers, and the  Pretenders, for example).  <br />&quot;Loaded&quot; (available in the VU boxed  set and in its original format as a single disk) with its occasional nods  to pop culture and musical fads (something the Velvets specifically avoided  on other releases) sounds a little dated, and the mix of the original album  was admittedly weak (Reed has repeatedly voiced his displeasure with the  mix in print), but the songs and performances are still  remarkable.<br />Considering the &quot;for fans only&quot; quality of many of  the outtakes and extras available on the VU boxed set, &quot;Peel Slowly  and See,&quot; I was absolutely thrilled to find such a strong collection  of songs on the &quot;Fully Loaded Edition.&quot;  The extended versions of  &quot;Sweet Jane&quot; (which includes the lost verse &quot;heavenly wine  and roses seem to whisper to her when she smiles&quot;), &quot;Rock and  Roll,&quot; and &quot;New Age&quot; are all nice additions, but I really  got off on some of the alternate or early versions of the songs.   &quot;Lonesome Cowboy Bill&quot; sounds like an entirely new song with Lou  doing a crazy Jagger-esque vocal over a rumbling piano.  The early version  of &quot;Cool it Down&quot; sounds sparse, but Lou is as playful as I have  ever heard.  The inclusion of other &quot;lost&quot; songs such as  &quot;Love Makes you Feel Ten Feet Tall,&quot; &quot;I Love You,&quot;  &quot;Satellite of Love&quot; (which later appeared on Lou Reed's solo  albums) are also a nice touch.<br />&quot;The Fully Loaded Edition&quot;  avoids the problems of most alternate mix collections by including the  source album in its (nearly) original format.  Buying the &quot;Fully  Loaded Edition&quot; for the original &quot;Loaded&quot; is no sin, but a  large number of the alternate tracks are strong enough to stand alongside  the band's best work.  This is one of the few alternate mix/outtake albums  that would actually be of interest to only casual fans (the others:   &quot;The Basement Tapes&quot; and &quot;Another VU&quot;).
0446677450|4.0|This easy-to-read book presents information in a logical manner.  It is the kind of advice that young families need today.  Some of it is just plain common sense but most of it requires changing thinking from beyond  immediate gratification to issues of long-range planning.
B000002WYT|4.0|Crash has its strong points. Obviously Crash Into Me is just great, and there are some really good songs on here, like So Much To Say among others. Unfortunately, the album does have some weaker links. Let You Down really  does just that, it drags down an otherwise extremely upbeat and fun album.  Other than that, it's not that this is a bad album but you can get versions  of most of the songs that are just as good or better on other ones, so even  though one feels obligated to buy Crash for its good points, one must also  recognize its shortcomings, but I guess a band can't be COMPLETELY perfect  all the time. It's still a really good CD though as CDs go.
B000001EUL|5.0|The 1979 album \\"Lovedrive\\" by Scorpions is a tremendous effort, seemingly fueled by conflict, chaos, desperation, and fraternity, that rises to a level just short of perfection.<br />In 1978 Scorpions were in a rebuilding  year, having just issued a pink slip to lead guitarist Ulrich Roth. The  decision to jettison Roth (and all the Hendrix-ian baggage that came with  him) was the first of many smart moves made by the band. Before \\"Lovedrive\\"  was completed, the band would hire, record with, fire, then rehire Matthias  Jabs. The band would also briefly rejoin with Michael Schenker(another  great move), in what many fans have called the dream line up for Scorpions.  Sadly, this line up only lasted a few months. Michael collapsed onstage  during a performance with Scorpions in Europe, and chose to step down and  go on sabbatical, but not before positively influencing the group as shown  here.<br />Given the tumultuous circumstances under which the album was  recorded, its' a minor miracle the album is any good at all. \\"Lovedrive\\"  however is a four star effort and I believe the best album ever made by  Scorpions. Song writing, both musical and lyrical, are prime, and the group  emotes all over this album without sounding ridiculous or tired.<br />The  frantically paced classic \\"Another Piece of Meat\\"(boy meets girl, love goes  wrong at Tokyo kick boxing match), the title song  \\"Lovedrive\\"(girl-loves-guy/guy-loves-Porsche), and the fantastic \\"I Can't  Get Enough\\" (or \\"How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love Hard Rock\\") are  the three stand out numbers that efficiently showcase the strengths of  Scorpions, effectively translating their live vibe onto disc. Thankfully,  Scorpions retained Michael's solos on two aforementioned songs (\\"Meat\\" and  \\"Drive\\") and a third \\"Coast to Coast\\" despite his departure from the group.  Michael's influence however is all over this album, and the style change  between this album and the previous &quot;Taken By Force&quot; is like  night versus day. Michael's playing on these three songs is simply perfect,  and one of the reasons the album succeeds as it does. After twenty years,  these solos still raise goose bumps and are stunning evidence of Michael  Schenker's immense talent.<br />Matthias Jabs, despite the inevtibale  comparisons, holds his ground. His leads are bright and responsive to the  mood of each song with a slightly more soulful, tentative  approach. Check  out \\"Always Somewhere\\" for Jabs shining solo moment, on what would turn out  to be Scorpions first ever Uber Ballad. The rhythm section of Herman  Rarebell on drums and Francis Bucholz on bass perform ably throughout this  album. Rudolph's playing brings the rhythm guitar new status on this album,  bringing the instrument up front in the mix with an agressive style one  would expect more in a blistering lead guitar. Then, there is Klaus Meine,  whose incredibly high pitched German accented vocals became a band  trademark that fit the overall sound perfectly. He does a great job here  and switches gears effortlessly between the fast and slow numbers. His  lyrical collaborations with Rarebell are smart, funny, and  entertaining.<br />Reviewer opinion: A seamless hard rock album with some  brilliant moments; arguably one of the top ten heavy metal/hard rock albums  of all time and best recording by group; Strong Buy.
B00000K3D4|3.0|David Bowie, Jennifer Connelly, and a cast of muppets... How could you go wrong?<br />The magic on the screen includes actors doing a great job of acting along side muppets, amazing set design, and creative characters. The  story itself is similar to Alice in Wonderland, but the twist is that Alice  (in this case &quot;Sarah&quot;) must rescue her baby brother.  A fairy  tale story convincingly set in a fairy tale land.<br />However, this movie is  not without its faults. The downsides are: 1. The movie drags.  Not just  one little slow spot, but a few. In todays world of attention deficit, it  gets hard to stay seated through this movie. And: 2. There is a scene  involving &quot;The Fireys&quot; that might upset some younger  viewers.<br />The scenery is amazing, the music is memorable (isn't there a  music video out there somewhere from one the songs in the film?) and the  muppets are fantastic as supporting cast.<br />This film should be a good  one for the whole family... I just think that a bit more of it belongs on  the editing room floor.
0375703764|5.0|My friend, who equates reading with relaxing, couldn't get past the first few chapters of House of Leaves. The lesson? This book is not for the passive reader. You must be actively involved in the story, racking your  brain to make connections, in order to &quot;get it.&quot; After three  weeks of constant discussion with other readers, I feel like I'm starting  to &quot;get it,&quot; but know there's still much more to figure out.  <br />If that's the kind of book you like, House of Leaves is one for  you.<br />House of Leaves is a story of three characters who are separated by  time and space, but who are nevertheless tied together by works of art. How  each affects the others' lives depends entirely on how each character  perceives the others in light of their own circumstances, histories and  points of view.<br />Casual readers, beware -- this is a postmodern work, and  one aspect of postmodernism is to address the telling of stories  themselves. Linearity is questioned and subverted in House of Leaves, to  great and satisfying effect within the greater scheme of the book. (Those  who enjoyed Pynchon's &quot;Mason &amp; Dixon&quot; will immediately draw  comparisons). I'm rather surprised by those people who find that there's  nothing &quot;new&quot; about Danielewski's construction of the book -- the  footnotes in particular seem to draw readers' ire -- as if that were  important. House of Leaves is not attempting something new for the sake of  newness -- it is utilizing footnotes to best compliment the deep structure  of the story. And it works spectacularly.<br />A hint: Bone up on your Greek  and Norse myths.
B00003W8NM|5.0|I saw this movie in the theaters the first week it was out.  I was quite  pumped up to see it because I'm a huge fan of David Fincher (his only flaw  being Alien3.)  Boy oh boy, was I not let down!!!  This movie blew me out  of my seat and it took weeks for my jaw to realign after it fell to the  floor!  My friends and I couldn't stop talking about it for weeks!  To this  day, and forever, I believe it is one of the most ingenious films ever  made!  Ultra cool, ultra violent, and the characters are well developed!   When I heard that they were relesing the film on DVD as a 2 disk  collector's edition I nearly passed out!  But, like most of you might  remember, there was a 2 month delay in the relese of the movie.  It was  originally going to be released at the begining of April, but then got  pushed back to June!  So after crying for 2 months, I summoned enough  strength to go buy it!  Just like at the theaters I was blown away by the  DVD!!!  The picture and audio are FLAWLESS!!!  Whomever reviewed it for  amazon and gave it only 4.5 on picture/audio shame on you!!!  You need to  lay off the drugs and review it again!  In all honesty, I strongly feel  that this is the best dvd set yet to be released!  I haven't gone through  all the supplements simply because it'd take days to do so (no kidding  either.)  To sum it up for you hip cats out there, perfect movie, perfect  dvd, buy it now!!!  YOU WON'T REGRET IT!!
B00004T8RK|4.0|Can't you just hear the influence in Nothing As It Seems? Sounds like something from Pink Floyd's Animals period. Also, Rival has a very strong Roger Waters influence in the vocal presentation. The main vocal is backed  by a an angst ridden, almost screaming backup of the same lyric a la much  of Final Cut or Pros and Cons. A tight album that deserves credit for what  it is, not what you wished it was going to be
6304873441|5.0|I loved this movie. It is so exciting and interesting to watch. There is never a dull moment in the movie stuff keeps happing. I recomend this movie to everyone. You'll love it. Ohh and the music is great!
B00004T8RK|4.0|If, like me, you've been an avid Pearl Jam fan since you first heard the radio singles from Ten, buying and enjoying each new release, then you already like this album. However, if you are expecting more of Ten, you  should know that Pearl Jam is not trying to make *you* happy. They are  trying to make themselves happy. They are exploring subtler compositions  and deeper emotions. This album, on first listen, isn't all that great. But  with each repeated listen, the depth of the song writing comes out and the  subtle guitar work reveals more texture each time. No, this is not their  &quot;best&quot; album, but when your first album is the best album of the  90's (sorry Nirvana fans) you have two choices: attempt to recreate it or  move on. Pearl Jam has moved on and their music is richer for it.
B00000J8EK|4.0|Well, I reviewed Dig Your Own Hole, and it was full of typos... I'll really try not to typo this time. Anyways, I like to review CDs going song by song, so here we go.<br />Music Response: Builds up, just like what you  expect from something from say Orbital in a way, except it has a  &quot;raw&quot; feel to it. Sometimes the computer voice vocals annoy me,  but really, a good song.<br />Under The Influence: This is a pretty good  track, but for some reason I personally don't like it. The voice just  angers me a lot, so much that it ruins the whole song for me. That's a  shame. Prodigy did the same for me with Experience.<br />Out of Control: I  really enjoy the Bro's vocal skills when they like to use them. Summer's  voice has a &quot;trippy feel&quot; to it. Wicked track.<br />Orange Wedge:  Aweful. This is like Block Rockin' Beats... The song gets on my nerves. I  could try to listen to it numerous times and I would never like it. Not  enough to the song.<br />Let Forever Be: Argueably one of the best tracks by  the Bros, this song really shines on an album that shines as it is. I dare  you not to turn up the volume when this track hits and not sing along.  Can't do it =]<br />The Sunshine Underground: Amazing. These are the kinda  tracks that made the Bros a big fav of mine. No vocals, but the buildup is  so slow and it teases you for more as it adds every new beat one at a  time.<br />Asleep From Day: AWEFUL. This track shouldn't be on here, and Loops  of Fury should. FACT.<br />Got Glint?: Allright track, the normal build up of  this song isn't anythign amazing, but the chorus really carries this baby.  If the chorus wasn't that good, then this song would be horrible.<br />Hey  Boy, Hey Girl: First I hated this song, but after a listen or two it grew  on me. Are they feeding their ego, or are they mocking &quot;Superstar  DJs&quot;? You decide. But anyway you look at it, this track makes you  groove, even if you are depressed.<br />Racing The Tide: A very repettetive  song, but yet also a very good one because they kept it under 5mins in  length. Nothing is special about this track, but it makes me happy.<br />Dream  On: Dream On Bros... This ain't your style of music. <br />The CD as a whole  is very good, even with a few filler tracks. For sure worth 4 stars, and  maybe 4 and a half... Ditch the filler and it's a 5 star album.
0783225903|5.0|It's a real European class movie. It will enter you to retro future. Stop! It's present time in a satirical mirror.  But it's not only surrealistic thriller, it's beautiful sad love store. English humor makes viewing the  movie a real enjoyment. You will view it again and again. It reminded me  world of Strugatkie.
B00003CX6P|1.0|This film was simple awful.  While i watched it in theatre i was debating if i should shoove my spoon that i had gotten with my icee down my throat so that i would be entertained.  This was a sick movie that someone would  have to pay me to go see. If you buy this movie then you must also like to  stick needles in your body because both are painfully stupid.  Thanks for  your time.  I hope you found this review helpful.
B00003W8NM|5.0|The perfect medley of &quot;PULP FUCTION&quot; for the original way of shooting and montage, of &quot;USUAL SUSPECT&quot; for the quality of scenario &amp; monumental epilogue and of &quot;THE MATRIX&quot; for the  special FX which are present to serve up the scenario and not to make it  consistent...
B00003CWLE|5.0|I have always been a fan of &quot;The King and I,&quot; and I sat down to watch &quot;Anna and the King&quot; wondering if it could possibly measure up.  It did.  I found a reality and an emotional depth in this movie that  barely make an appearance in &quot;The King and I.&quot;<br />Jodie Foster is  both capable and appealing in her role as Anna Leonowens, and she brings a  touch of endearing human flaw to a character that I've always seen as  lovably infallible.  Chow Yun-Fat is strong as a king and touching as a  father.  Although some have said that the chemistry was not quite there, I  found it more believable because of its slight awkwardness.<br />This is a  long movie, but I didn't find it hard to sit through.  It's not a movie  that everyone will love, but it would be well worth it for anyone to at  least try it out.
B00000K19E|5.0|I usually don't like movies my teenagers like, but I must say this was one real neat flick! I'm a die hard action movie fan and this one fills all my needs in that department as well as the Sci-fi department. This one is  worth it!
B000001ESF|4.0|Anyone seeking to understand why Rush is a favorite among musicians should definitely look into 2112.  This bold and innovative recording defines the essence and style that would characterize Rush's musical ventures for years  to come.
B00003CWLE|5.0|Most of us do recall the exuberant performance of Yul Brynner, and for decades, the deprecatory King and I stood for the backwardness of new Asia. True, Andy Tennant &quot;exploited&quot; history as much as Anna Leonowens;  yet as Tennant pierces the mist of Bangkok to reveal a revolutionary  monarch, the plot matters little.  It's all about characters in this lavish  drama, rich with colors and detailed characterization.  Despite critics's  doubts of Foster's accent and occasional chafe in the role, the new mother  is radiant in the role of Anna.  Foster's techniques truly add a shade of  credibility to the story--however ficticious it may be. Chow Yun-Fat, on  the other hand, is hailed as the only thing brilliant about this movie by  cynics and zealots alike. This god of actors, summons forth such compassion  and power behind his subtlety: a smile, a wink, a hand motion--even w/ out  his trademark gun and cigar, Chow still dominates the screen with his  towering presence.  This presence is so tender and touching that the entire  cast rallies around his performance: from passionate Bai Ling (as Tuptim)to  mischevious Melissa Campbell (as young princess). When I titled this review  &quot;a visual regale&quot;, I meant to emphasize that the real recognition  this movie received during the awards season was indeed its dazzling  wardrobe.  Against the backdrop of the magnificent replica palace of King  Mongkut built in Malaysia, the elaborate courtesian silk, victorian satin  depicts a glamorous view of Asia struggling to progress. And although many  say the film drags a bit, personally I prefer this kind of old fashioned  romance that let the aroma of love sink in and sip through the screen.  A  TRUE DELIGHT!
B00000JZIK|5.0|The most useful advice I can give you about this film is this:<br />Do not read any more of this review or any other review before you see it. In fact, don't even read the box. See it knowing as little as possible, I saw this film totally cold and really enjoyed it and was totally surprised. I think it's easily the best film I've seen in the last ten years.  .... <br />The casting and acting is exceptional. The highlight of the film is the line-up scene which is really funny (the director filmed the scene a number of times and chose the best take) but the film as a whole is of a very high standard and will keep you guessing until the end.   .... <br />Kevin Spacey is brilliant and did win an Academy Award for his role but everyone else is just as exceptional. Particular attention should be paid to Stephen Baldwin who finally found a role and a movie that can really demonstrate that his talent. As the hyperactive McManus who knows no fear and has some of the best dialogue in the film to boot.  <br />There isn't a weak link in the film and the 5 actors who are &quot;the usual suspects&quot; convey exceptionally a group who find themselves trapped into a job that is seemingly unachievable but come agonisingly close to carrying out the impossible. As McManus says as they survey the mission that seems like certain doom &quot;There's nothing that can't be done.&quot;. Through sheer bravado, they very nearly pull it off.<br />Will you like this film? Well, with any one person it will be impossible to predict but the way ratings systems like this always work, as most people have given this film 4 or 5 stars, it means odds are you probably will.<br />A great film which won the writer, Christopher McQuarrie an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay and a must see.
B00003CX5A|4.0|The main reason I saw this is because I'm a Tim Burton fan.  I'm also a little bit of a Johnny Depp fan.  When they get together, they make a great team (hence Edward Scissorhands).  This was a great movie because of these  two guys and it was a creepier version of the classic tale.  But one thing  really got to me.  The ending was dramatically changed.  Remember the old  stories where the Headless Horseman is deafeated when Ichabod tricks him  into going over the bridge?  In this movie he is defeated in a much  different way.  There are also other things that were changed, but they  don't bother me.  Also, I know a little bit about medical stuff (I took  Health and my mom is a phlebotomist).  So I know that it wasn't right when  blood spurted out of the dead woman when Ichabod operated on her a couple  of days after death.
B000002JS6|5.0|I cannot even begin to describe how fun it is to listen to this alblum oops I mean CD....Nothing today can rock you like AC/DC did. Get drunk and screw music
B00004THAY|5.0|How could you NOT like this album?<br />Eric returns to the music he always should have played -- blues; and BB will always remain King.<br />I was surprised to hear the strength of Eric's vocals in &quot;Days of Old&quot;  and &quot;Riding with the King&quot;, it almost matched BB's growly hollar  (ALMOST).  You'll notice that BB plays less notes than EC on the guitar,  but King's vibrato notes easily make up for it (which is what made him so  great) -- it's his choice of notes that will really speak to you.  <br />The  slow blues songs (&quot;Three O'Clock Blues&quot;, &quot;Ten Long  Years&quot;, and &quot;When My Heart Beats Like a Hammer&quot;) are the  ones that really stand out, especially in &quot;Three O'Clock Blues&quot;  at the end where they play off each other's licks.  I personally wished  they kept going on that part, simply because it's that sort of playing that  made them legends.<br />I personally loved their cover of Sam and Dave's  &quot;Hold On! I'm Coming!&quot;, the intro to it was really cool.<br />If you  don't like this album, call the coroner and tell him you're dead, because  this album is full of feeling and soul.
B00003Q43A|3.0|The movie was dumb fun back in theatres, and I never gave it much thought afterwards.  But seeing the special edition dual-disc DVD in the store made me jump at it.  Most DVDs list widescreen and the trailer as their  &quot;extras.&quot;  This one has a separate disc dedicated to them, and  its chock full of neat stuff.  I really liked having the choice between the  theatrical and special edition(kind of like the Poison Ivy DVD where you  could choose between R-rated and Unrated versions before viewing).  The  menus are animated with certain adapted scenes and audio clips from the  movie, not just some single image like most DVDs.  While the movie's not  great(we all know that), it's still a good purchase to exploit the digital  format.
B00003CXDV|5.0|When they created the DVD for this hilarious scifi comedy flick, something magical happened. Ignoring the movie for a moment, the DVD is funny in its own right, as the Omega-13 option on the main menu demonstrates. I won't  tell you what it is - you'll have to see it for yourself. There are also  special DVD menu animations fans are sure to enjoy.<br />And it's hard not to  be a fan. Galaxy Quest is truly a sparkling little gem of comedy that you  and your family can enjoy for years to come. Naturally, the DVD version  includes bonus material and cut scenes. If you've seen the movie, buy the  DVD for that extra bit of fun, and if you haven't seen the movie, buy the  DVD anyway to see what you've been missing.
B00000F1D3|5.0|Cher still knows how to work a song. She wrings these dance tunes for every drop of emotion. I'm fat, 48, and still find myself working my shoulders, feet, and toes to the beat, and recklessly flinging my head up  and down like a plastic chihuahua in the back of a car window. I think  perhaps one needs to have a few miles under one's rear end to really  appreciate it, particularly the disco-flavored cuts. Favorites are of  course the title cut, All or Nothing, and Run Away. If you're in your car,  lip synch fearlessly to Believe and feel energized!
B00000IQMT|3.0|Before Star Wars, there was the Phantom Menace, and before tPM there was the soundtrack, which had the unfortunate problem that it ruined a large part of the ending by revealing Qui-Gonn's death.<br />John Williams did a  wonderful thing when he established the major themes in the original Star  Wars soundtracks. Unfortunately tPM soundtrack seems to lack this sort of  definite organization. The tunes are not nearly as memorable as the other  soundtracks, which leaves a lot to desire in a movie soundtrack. Still,  Williams is an excellent composer and any chance to listen to his work is a  welcome chance.
B000000HRP|5.0|This is the best Brand X album by far.  Phil Collins' playing is inspiring for all drummers, no matter if they are rock, jazz, funk (like myself), or whatever.  If you are a drummer or know a drummer, buy this album and  listen to it as a tool to give you a fresh perspective the next time you  sit down behind your drum set.  Best track: Born Ugly.
6305750750|3.0|The Phantom Menace was perhaps the most-hyped movie of the century, but that hype was something it could never live up to. The special effects were amazing, but the storyline was severely lacking. Of course, every Star Wars  fans knows this by now, as well as a good percentage of the rest of the  population.<br />The consolation here is that if you want to buy the movie,  you should buy the widescreen edition so you're not missing half the cast.  Of course, fans with enough patience can always wait until 2010 to buy the  DVD.
B00000IIXH|1.0|No wonder why these 18 duds were not included on Springsteen's original releases. He should have entitled this disc &quot;18 Losers!&quot;
0440219078|1.0|Okay, my teacher assigned the whole class to read this book, The Giver, and the kids who were able to actually read the whole book, didn't like it. Maybe we are a class who just doesn't like science fiction books, or maybe the book wasn't that good. But a lot of people did enjoy the book, so it  isn't the latter.<br />The book was just too weird. Creative?  Yes.  Well-  written?  Yes. Boring?  Heck yea' !  Jona's world is a world without  color, a lot of technolodgy is missing, feeling, and just about everything  good and bad of life is gone. Everyone is assigned a job. There are the  birthing people, the doctors, etc. But Jona's job is the job of the highly  respected Giver. The older Giver gives the kid feeling, and what it is like  in the real world.<br />Plus, the ending was so confusing. NO one understood  it. There were too many questions not answered in the book.<br />However, many  people obviously loved the book, and some just didn't. If this sounds like  your kind of book, buy the Giver. And if this review sounds like something  you would write, then don't buy the book.
B00000JMQE|5.0|I am a BIG fan of THE WIZARD OF OZ, staring Judy Garland. I also really love the &quot;Return to Oz&quot; Video! The music in this movie is very good. The soundtrack is out of print, and if you look you can get a copy of it. If you don't have a copy of it get it beacuse this is a movie for you if you like action and drama at the same time. The specials effects are great too, on this great and wonderful movie &quot;Return to Oz&quot;!
B000007SIN|4.0|This is just the beginning folks!  The reason that DTS sounds so good is that it has a much higher bandwith of information coming from the disk (its processed at a faster rate at 20 bits instead of CD's 16 bits at a slower  rate).  As a result, the clarity and range are much, much greater.   DVD-Audio will come out in a few weeks and will eventually overshadow DTS,  but not for several years.  They did a great job with this CD, but since it  is from old master tapes, there is an ever so slight hiss present.  If you  have a DTS compatible system you have to get this disk.
B00000163G|5.0|This is the best $$ I've ever spent!Tupac Shakur is the greatest man to ever live!There are songs for everybody,my favorites on disc 1 are &quot;Ambitionz as a Ridah&quot;,&quot;All about u&quot;,&quot;How do u want it&quot;,&quot;Life goes on&quot;,&quot;Only God can judge me&quot;  and &quot;California Love&quot;.Disc one displays a more caring person in  Tupac and disc 2 is more hardcore I like &quot;Can't c  me&quot;,&quot;Shorty wanna be a thug&quot;,&quot;Thug  Passion&quot;,&quot;Piture me rollin'&quot;and &quot;All eyez on me&quot;.I  think every one of 2-Pac's songs are awesome and no matter what there will  never be a greater rapper.Buy this album and you will listen to it for  years!
B00000255X|4.0|The music doesn't need review - you either like it or you don't. It is one of several at the core of Dylan's middle period, and alongside Blood on the Tracks ranks as the best of that period. The real purpose is to get into  the public arena a long overdue request on behalf of lots of Dylan fans -  Can we please have this (and others)Remastered and Super Bit Mapped, as for  example the superb job done on Blonde on Blonde - Please  Please  Please.  The sound on the Royal Albert Hall concert set is to die for -  Unbelievable, close your eyes and he's in front of you - feel the passion  in his voice - no Sinatra (thank god)but oh so genuine and so good!  Incidentally the sound quality of the recent remaster of Street Legal is  not good at all, what happened there? Or were we just plain &quot;had&quot;  by the marketing people?
6301647734|5.0|Jimmy Stewart gives one of his best performances as Elwood P. Dowd, just about the nicest guy you could meet, but he drinks a little more than he should and has an invisible companion; a 6-foot tall rabbit named 'Harvey'.  Stewart gives a priceless performance of timeless grace. The story and  screenplay are high-class, and a supporting cast that's hard to beat, of  which Josephine Hull stands out as Elwood's neurotic but well meaning  sister. An enchanting film that has aged well, and that continues to  delight families and children of all ages with its undeniable charm, and  it's charismatic performances. The reason the film is so beloved is mainly  because of the story, a man who is 'happy' and loved by everyone he knows,  even though some people think he is crazy just because his best friend is a  'pooka'. The movie shows us that being 'friendly' and 'nice' to people is a  great accomplishment in life, and that few people really treasure that. A  great family film. From a scale of 1-10 I give this film a 9!
0553274503|5.0|This book let's you see two different worlds which are more similar than most would think.  One is from the perspective of a &quot;mentally challenged&quot; person, and the other is from the same person made a  &quot;genius&quot;.  I liked this book because it points out both our  potential and our shortcomings as human beings.  This book is listed on  Easton Press' Masterpieces of Science Fiction Collection which I have  subscribed to, and is worthy of the price to add to anyone's personal  library.  This is one of those books which &quot;expand your horizon&quot;  and contains several lessons for life within it's pages.
6305075468|5.0|Out of all the films made 'around' the vampire legend, this remains the best. Max Schreck is just about the ugliest version of any vampire, but he is different, he has the fangs in front of his mouth instead of on the  sides, he has a rodent-like face with pointed ears and bushy eyebrows, and  those creepy claws..., he is the real embodiment of evil, a man who 'lives  with the curse' of immortality, having to feed on the blood of the living.  We can really feel his suffering, but he also seems animal-like, a man who  wouldn't hesitate to kill you, but would scare the hell out of you just  seconds before he sank his bloody fangs into your neck. The film is also a  miracle of set decoration, the Gothic settings and the chaotic imagery add  to the creepy atmosphere. The film is also more potent because of it being  silent, somehow the fact that the actors can't scream make you feel trapped  and give you goosebumps just thinking about it. There are some geniunely  scary sequences, but not like today's horror movies, where shadows pop out  of nowhere and scare you. This movie 'frightens' you, Nosferatu attacks  slowly, in a hypnotizing way. F.W. Murnau was a genius, he knew just how to  create the right mood, and make us feel diverse emotions just with images,  no sound, music or dialogue. 'Nosferatu' remains a valuable film, and  remains one of the most effective of the silent era, a timeless  masterpiece. From a scale of 1-10 I give this film a 10!
0881032638|5.0|This book makes one realize just how small our planet and most of our lives are.  Having seen only the movie, this answered a lot of my questions which came towards the ending. Like most of the books I've enjoyed and  reviewed, one can truly come away from reading this and feel closer to a  full understanding of life.  This book is also a part of Easton Press'  Masterpieces of Science Fiction and is most definitely a worthy addition to  anyone's personal library.
6305718954|4.0|Quite a nice movie<br />This is the first DVD I had ever seen and i am about to buy it.  It was an exellent movie.  Patricia Arquette is awesome in the deleted scenes.. hehe.  Gabriel Byrne is an awesome actor who keeps the  story as realistic as it can be.<br />I saw the movie as a warning if there is  ever something like that gospel discovered,  I wouldn't doubt for a second  that the church would not censor it as it will decentralize it's  authority.<br />It was also cool that it had an alternate ending but I liked  most the theatrical one.  One thing I did skip was the director's  commentary... it was 3am today and i had to go to work the next day.<br />I  didn't like the fact that Padre Alameida's suicide was editted, i think it  was a very important part of the film... <br />The fact that it's a movie  trying to be a &quot;The Prophecy&quot; and &quot;The Prophecy&quot; is my  favorite film of all time, I gotta retire one of it's stars because the  concept was partially unoriginal, other than that, it's an awesome  movie.<br />Ok ok, to the guy who said the thing about pop electronica: what's  the matter with the playing of electronica(not &quot;pop-electronica&quot;)   in the cage/bar/dacing-place.  That's the way it is in real life... and to  make it clear, it is not &quot;pop-culture&quot; it is &quot;alternative  culture&quot;, &quot;pop culture&quot; is your little daughter dancing to  N'Stink and to Pricky Martin
B000002L7Y|4.0|Hunting High &amp; Low came out in 1985, and the single 'Take On Me' raced up the Australian charts like everywhere else. Great song, great video. The following 2 singles 'Sun ALways Shines on TV' and 'Hunting High and Low'  didn't chart as well but you'd have to agree that the guys knew how to pull  a melody together. While the sound is perhaps a little dated now (real 80's  synth pop), this album is worth having to complete your retro collection -  it has certainly gained a spot in my favourite top 10 albums of the 80's.  The song 'Hunting High &amp; Low' is probably the only acception to the  rest of the songs as it doesnt sounds like synth pop - it sounds as fresh  today as it did then. This particular song is one of the most beautiful  ballads to be released in the 80's, turn it up loud and it will send  shivers up your spine ! Other favourite tracks include 'Blue Sky' and  'Train of Thought'. Like other reviewers, I am surprised that A-Ha did not  receive the recognition they deserved - they seemed to be labelled 'one hit  wonders'. While this album may have also categorised them into a syntho pop  group, it is actually so far removed from how they sound today. Radio needs  to support these brilliant songwriters, as their latest material is awesome  too.
B00004T9VY|5.0|This is at least my fourth copy of Tea for the Tillerman. I have worn out the first two vinal albums and the first CD.<br />An uncle of mine introduced me to the album, and music in general, when it was first released. Every  song is a treasure.<br />God willing I will be buying more copies, in new  formats, in the years to come.
B00004STPT|1.0|When the trailers for Gladiator were shown, some of them sounded like they ripped off music from Conan the Barbarian. Unfortunately, the trailer music never made it into Gladiator.<br />This movie needed a bigger chariot. Both  the soundtrack (and movie) disappointed. Both were ponderous, languid and  lacking one critical element: ENOUGH THUNDER. This was another one of those  movies where they try to make the hero both incredibly sensitive (almost  'new age') and macho at the same time. It's a credit to Russell Crowe that,  he at least, carried his end of the load.
0140189378|5.0|This book is a lovely piece of painful truth.  As I go through each of Bellow's novels one thing that stands out progressively is the assured confidence that grows and grows each time we cross through similar terrain.  This is not to say that he repeats himself--certainly not as the on-going  philosophy matures through both personal life experience and a further  understanding of human nature.  Seize the day is, as usual, extremely  well-written but with this short novel I believe that Bellow began crossing  into that phase of maturity that makes an author ever-lasting and forces  his vision upon the world at large.  It is no wonder that when Bellow won  his Nobel Prize twenty years after the publication of this book that it was  singled out for special notice.  Basically your middle-class everyman is  portrayed (with, of course, the particularities related to Bellow himself  to give the human reactions more sincerity) at one of those mid-life  boiling points when the decisions made will effect everything that comes  later.  You read along with a similar urgancy, rooting yet never hoping,  aware that many of Tommy Wilhem's mistakes are similar to your own and  breathlessly hoping to find an answer to your own questions.<br />Four books  into Mr. Bellow's career I am now convinced that all the high-handed praise  is, for once, truly justified.  This guy is one of the true American  wonders, one of the gods of our literature.
6300181251|5.0|I'm sorry but i don't see how anyone can give this a bad review.  It is a piece of genius.  The story the acting everything.  You have to give it a chance, and if your not easily scared don't think it will scare the pance  off you.  AND SEE THIS BEFOR THE REMAKE
B000002J20|4.0|I've been a serious Yes fan for decades, through all of their phases and incarnations, yet this album and &quot;Relayer&quot; were the last I discovered.  &quot;Tales&quot; has become something of a symbol for all  that some critics find excessive in Yes, but the truth is that, while it is  not as easily accessible as much of their work, &quot;Tales&quot; can be  immensely rewarding in its own right.<br />The only real complaint about this  music is that, comapred to their best work, &quot;Tales&quot; is a somewhat  disjointed effort.  Nevertheless, many wonderful gems are to be found  within, and themes, patterns, even leitmotifs begin to reveal themselves  over time. &quot;Tales&quot; will never be appreciated like Yes' best  music, but for those of us who follow their efforts, it certainly  represents a worthy addition to one's collection.  <br />A footnote:  I'd  recommend Bill Martin's &quot;Music of Yes&quot; for anyone who really  wants to understand the MUSIC, not just the band's history.
B00004RFDW|4.0|I had heard about this movie when I saw the academy awards and wanted to see it. But my friend said she was watching it and her husband fell asleep.  I thought it was nominated for a lot of awards it can't be that bad.  So I  watched it and i really enjoyed it, it seemed to be a bit lengthy but it  had a good story supported by great actors.
0152465030|5.0|What Antoine De Saint-Exupery did in such a small tome was explain what is truly important in life. This alone is a daunting task that does not lend itself to brevity well. Mr. Antoine De Saint-Exupery pulled the whole  affair off brilliantly. He also has time in those few pages to give us a  realistic perspective on love. Like all great children's works this book  works on two levels: surface and depth. On the surface it is an adorable  story about a very demanding little man with enough curiosity in his tiny  body to ask the questions that none of us dare to think out loud. Deeper in  there are numerous veiled references to our own insecurities, the sadly  hollow modern world and even death. I can see where some people might not  get the point of The Little Prince. Personally, I would rather not know  such people but just observe them from afar, like the Little Prince, as  they spend very sad lifetimes concerned with matters of consequence. Simply  The Little Prince shows us what really matters. I have found something  completely different and wonderful everytime I have picked this book up to  read it again. <br />If the story of the rose does nothing for you I am sure  there are books on war,finance and geography that might interest you or you  might pick up the other book about a prince by Machiavelli. The rest of us  will be looking at the stars and laughing because Antoine De Saint-Exupery  has truly made them special to us in a way we will only know.
B0000029DD|1.0|Just wasn't impressed with the music on this CD, a friend had it and I was...forced to listen to it. It just put me in a stupor and didn't do anything to interest me what so ever. I think I was possessed to write this  review having had to sit through listening to this CD recently...
0399143904|5.0|I saw a review that said the words were too difficult. No not really! Only for a 12 year old! I think this book is very action packed. Though it is not Clancy's best, it is still an awesome book! I think this book should be  owned by everyone!
B00003Q43A|4.0|My only problem with this movie is the same I had with Centropolis' last release Stargate. The branching technology doesn't work very well with older players. My Samsung DVD-907 is about a year old but jumps and skips  everytime an extra scene is stuck in. Some of the scenes I really question  why they were stuck in at all, like repeating several times that the boy is  sick but not bothering to say from what. The supplimental disk has an  excellent menu of the Area 51 hanger and includes 3 documentaries, and  plenty of trailers. It would have been nice to see some storyboards,  production art, merchandise, or even some UFO stuff but it's still cool.  The commentary by Devlin and Emmerich is ok, but they start watching the  movie a little too much leading to lengthy periods of silence. All in all  it's a good set, but the Armageddon 2-DVD set is much better.
B000021XS0|5.0|This album is absolutly spell binding, the first time that I listened through I was in total awe at both the musician ship and the way that the music evokes emotion.  There is no substitue for music that can stimulate  the emotions of the listener.  The mood is conveyed with the music and the  lyrics.  James LeBrie's haunting vocals over the instrumentation of John  Petrucci leaves the listener totally in awe at what they have just heard.   This album is a must have for anyone who loves guitar driven music.
0156711427|4.0|&quot;A Passage to India&quot; is one of those novels many of us avoided reading in high school. You know the ones on the &quot;Recommended&quot; book lists? We were wrong to have avoided this one so long. The novel takes  place during the colonial occupation of India. An Indian doctor is falsely  accused and imprisoned for the attack of an English women. It is a  multi-layered story about how cultures clash and predjudice repels and  destroys relationships. The author, weaves elements of Indian language,  religions, and customs into the story from his travels to India. <br />DO READ  this book if: -You like a story with a moral. -You enjoy exploring subtle  symbolism. -You like to read and ponder as you go.<br />Do NOT read this book  if: -You can't be bothered learning a few foreign words. -You like to read  with &quot;put your brain on hold&quot;. Those who are unwilling to  carefuly reflect on what happens in this book will be very disappointed.
6305810109|5.0|This film simply stunned me.  When my roomate rented it, I had no idea what it was, except that he said it was a David Lynch movie done for Disney.  When I saw it had a G rating on the side and questioned his  sanity.  Not being a big David Lynch fan myself, I wasn't too eager to  watch it.<br />I am happy to say that if the movie is related to what I  thought of David Lynch before, it was all in a good way.  It's not like  reading some unusual tabloid - but rather he knows how to create tension,  suspense, and mystery in a basically serene land.  From the beginning,  everything is defamiliarized - we don't understand much, and it gives us  the story slowly, letting us come to a natural understanding of the people  rather than forcing a lot of story down our throat.  <br />In short, I learned  much from this film both as a writer and a human being.  The human side of  the story - I don't want to ruin it for you, but I will share that this was  one of those few movies I see each year that made me shed more than a few  tears.  Beyond that, the kind of tears I shed here were unique to this  story.  <br />Watching this movie is an experience I would not pass up or  trade for, oh, perhaps 20 other movies I have seen this year!
B00003Q438|5.0|What can be said about the greatest DVD I've seen? Cameron really blows us away with this one which has so many features, not even the casing can list all of them. The fun thing is, you have to find them by climbing through  the underwater base. This Special Edition of the film does increase the  time by oh, let's say, a good half hour, but it's worth it. I didn't even  recognize the new scenes and thought they never should have cut anything.  The film is spectacular and is definately on my science fiction favorites.  The film stars Ed Harris, Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio, and Michael Biehn  who all play it great. The action, science, and drama is all there and need  I say five stars is enough? I purchased this awhile ago and still have not  viewed all of the features. This is probably the biggest and well worked  DVD until this October's Jurassic Park Special Edition comes about. You buy  a DVD, I highly suggest you purchase this baby. It's well worth the money  and is a great shine on the shelf!
078062369X|4.0|This movie was exciting and kept you on the edge of your seat.  Although there was a bit too much blood for my liking.  This movie almost makes you wonder, do vampires exist.  Probablly not, but it almost makes you believe.   Not only was the movie entertaining so was the soundtrack.  What more can  you ask for good movie and good music.  It's definetly a must see.
B00000K2SC|5.0|I watched &quot;The Matrix&quot; and afterwards I said to myself, &quot;Now, that was really cool&quot;. It's not a movie to change your life or teach you some great lesson. It's a movie you watch and then you sit  back with a big grin on your face and you say, &quot;Yeah, that was really,  really cool&quot;.<br />The movie has it all-- or, if it doesn't have it all,  it has enough of what it takes to qualify as a total blast of a movie. It's  one of the most visually striking movies I've seen in a long time, the  helicopter scene, the jump scene, all those washed out olives and browns  when they are trapped in the building. And then you have the great special  effects, the lunatic gunplay, the insane kung fu, and a frightening  futuristic plot all come together to produce a flick that is flat-out fun.  <br />It also has Laurence Fishburne, here strengthening his case as the  Coolest Man On The Planet. It also has Keanu Reeves, and while Reeves  hasn't displayed much evidence in the past that he can actually ACT, here  he is perfectly case as an insomniac-criminal-hacker slash  messianic-chopsocky-superhero.<br />Filming for the Matrix 2 AND 3 is about to  start, so worry ye not about the wide-open ending. It's nice to watch a  movie that is obviously set up for a sequal and find that you actually WANT  to see the sequal when it appears. If you haven't seen the Matrix, you  gotta.
B000002GVO|5.0|HOTEL CALIFORNIA seems to find a place on nearly every essential purchase list.  I've had the album on vinyl and cassette, and wore both to the point of  disintergration, we'll see how long the CD lasts.  You can trace the story  behind this concept album through the song titles.  The music is  exceptional.  These nine songs complete an album so solid, nothing can  crack the wall.  The 53 second introduction that starts the album and title  track is legendary, I'm serious.  Every time I hear those opening notes  I'll have the reward of hearing \\"Hotel California\\".  Talk about a  well written song, and a classic.  It's incredible.  The intro, a complete  story, and a rocking ending.  It's obvious why this song was a #1 hit.   \\"A New Kid In Town\\" is brilliant.  Another #1 hit from this  incredible release.  \\"Life In The Fast Lane\\" rocks like nothing  else.  Besides that the lyrics are awesome, a third #1 for the album.   \\"Wasted Time\\" is a gorgeous ballad.  The lyrics are outstanding,  and the melody is strong.  The reprise following it is also beautiful.  The  melody is covered perfectly by the strings.  \\"Victim Of Love\\" is  a legendary rock song with incredible lyrics.  \\"Pretty Maids All In A  Row\\"  is terrific.  \\"Try And Love Again\\" is a great pop  song.  \\"The Last Resort\\" is a perfect gem.  This touching song  makes the perfect closing to this classic album.  The Eagles were never  this good again.  The time invested in this album resulted in an  extraordinary set opf songs, immaculate production, and an all around  amazing record.  Don't miss out, this album is essential for any rock  collection.  A HIGHLY RECOMMENDED MUST HAVE.  HOTEL CALIFORNIA is 43  minutes of pure enjoyment, a true rock classic.
0312965788|5.0|This was the first book of James Herriott's that I read, and I just couldn't put it down. I was so caught up in the story, it transported me to Yorkshire in the'60's. He is a master story teller, the story becomes  alive, it makes you laugh and warms your heart. I could imagine all the  characters in the book, what they may have looked like, their mannerisms,  voice. I have read it over and over more than 10 times. It is both  humourous and heartwarming and one of the most interesting books I have  ever read.
B000002UAF|5.0|A HARD DAY'S NIGHT is the best rock album from The Beatles early period (1962-1964).  It is the only album to include exclusively Lennon &amp; McCartney songs.  As well as been the extraordinary soundtrack to their  first legendary movie.  What really makes A HARD DAY'S NIGHT exceptional is  the remarkable songs on this album.  The music is radiant, consisitent, and  incredible.  There's infinite energy on the performances of every track.   The album opens with the trademark chord crash on the title track.  It's a  classic Beatles song.  &quot;I Should Have Known Better&quot; has a bright  melody, with the trademark harmonica.  This classic appeared as the B-Side  to the &quot;A Hard Day's Night&quot; single in the United States.   &quot;If I Fell&quot; is a gorgeous ballad in the three-part harmony  arrangements, it's one of my favorites of their early ballads, and the  favorite of the three-part harmony series (including &quot;This Boy&quot;,  &quot;Yes It Is&quot;, &quot;Because&quot;).  George Harrison takes the  lead vocal on &quot;I'm Happy Just To Dance With You&quot;.  One of Paul  McCartney's earliest and most tender ballads is &quot;And I Love Her&quot;,  another Beatles classic.  &quot;Tell Me Why&quot; is an aggressive rock  song, a relationship that would again be described on &quot;I'll Cry  Instead&quot; and &quot;What You're Doing&quot;.  The brilliant rocker  &quot;Can't Buy Me Love&quot; has made it's mark as a classic.  It was the  first single released from the album.  Since PLEASE PLEASE ME the songs  released on singles did not appear on albums, this was the first song to be  featured on both formats.  &quot;Any Time At All&quot; and &quot;When I Get  Home&quot; are terrific Lennon rockers with positive relationships.   &quot;I'll Cry Instead&quot; reflects the same relationship as &quot;Tell  Me Why&quot; except with a wistful country feel.  &quot;Things We Said  Today&quot;, the B-Side of &quot;A Hard Day's Night&quot; single; is a  great McCartney song.  &quot;You Can't Do That&quot;, the B-Side to  &quot;Can't Buy Me Love&quot; is the first song in which Lennon writes and  sings about jealousy and threats, a theme that would appear again later.   &quot;I'll Be Back&quot; is a sterling piece, a great album closer.  The  first half of the album: &quot;A Hard Day's Night&quot;, &quot;I Should  Have Known Better&quot;, &quot;If I Fell&quot;, &quot;I'm Happy Just To  Dance With You&quot;, &quot;Tell Me Why&quot;, and &quot;Can't Buy Me  Love&quot; were featured in the film.  The second half: &quot;Any Time At  All&quot;, &quot;I'll Cry Instead&quot;, &quot;Things We Said Today&quot;,  &quot;When I Get Home&quot;, &quot;You Can't Do That&quot;, and &quot;I'll  Be Back&quot; were written for the album, but left out of the film because  of story and time requirements.  There were fourteen Lennon/McCartney  originals recorded during these sessions; &quot;I Call Your Name&quot; was  released on the &quot;Long Tall Sally&quot; EP featuring: Long Tall Sally,  I Call Your Name, Slow Down, and Matchbox.  In the United States, A HARD  DAY'S NIGHT was issued by United Artists included all the film songs plus  &quot;I'll Cry Instead&quot;, and four instrumentals recorded by George  Martin.  Capitol Records issued their own version on SOMETHING NEW.  All  the film songs except &quot;A Hard Day's Night&quot;, &quot;I Should Have  Known Better&quot;, and &quot;Can't Buy Me Love&quot; (which were released  on singles) were on the album.  The six songs from the second half on the  record (with the exception of &quot;I'll Be Back&quot;) and the  German-language version of &quot;I Want To Hold Your Hand&quot; were on the  album.  A HARD DAY'S NIGHT is the best of their early albums.  HIGHLY  RECOMMEMED listening by the band that changed history permenantly.
B000002KAT|5.0|This is the most beautiful and complex album I've ever heard.  Each song is filled with the wistful mood of a sailor who is in the midst of a journey.  The songs contain layers that astound me.  I've owned this album  for 5 years and have played it literally thousands of times.
B00004T9UF|5.0|I do not own the Marshall Mathers LP, but I have always wanted it since it came out. He may be a white boy, but he raps as good as Dr.Dre, or anybody eles in the music industry. U have got to give him credit. He's the only  one out there since Vanilla Ice stopped .
B000002BPS|5.0|Man,this cd is the offspring's best!Look's like Dexter and the guy's just did it!It's their best cd of all the 5 album's.My favorite music is ''The meaning of life''.But,sincerely, the whole cd is very,very cool! So if  your an offspring fan,be sure to buy this album!
B00004THAY|5.0|This is an album that's so natural I'm amazed that it didn't happen sooner.  The interplay between Eric Clapton and B.B.King is a real pleasure and their version of Sam and Dave's &quot;Hold On, I'm Coming&quot; takes  me back about 30 years.  A fantastic album to kick back and savor, I've  given it 5 stars!
B000002BPS|5.0|Man,this cd is the offspring's best!Look's like Dexter and the guy's just did it!It's their best cd of all the 5 album's.My favorite music is ''The meaning of life''.But,sincerely, the whole cd is very,very cool! So if  your an offspring fan,be sure to buy this album!
B00003CWLE|4.0|Jodie Foster's performances in Little Man Tate, Contact, etc. pushed me to see Anna and the King in the theater, and although I think the military aspect of the movie was not quite feasible and extremeley predictable, I  thought the excellent acting, beautiful scenery, and beautiful personal  story more than made up for it. (Think of movies like Twister, where the  special effects make up for the poor plot-this has much more!)  What a  breath of fresh air to fall in with the gentle love story of this film  after the sexy and uninhibited styles of so many others.  This film is  excellent...if the action side of it had been better, I would have given it  five stars, but as is it still deserves four.
B00004TLN3|3.0|I find myself apparently in the minority, thinking, as I do, that this is one of the most delightful film adaptations of Austen's work.  I find the actors appealing, and the location filming absolutely irresistible.   <br />Like others, I was at first put off by the gothic fantasy sequences.   &quot;Why, they're not in the book!&quot;  But I always try to at least  understand what a filmaker is attempting, and I soon came to feel that  these fantasy sequences were actually a very humorous and clever way of  illustrating just how caught up Catherine was in the fantasy and intrigue  of the gothic novels with which she was so enthralled.  Readers of Austen's  mature works might do well to investigate some of her juvenilia.  It has  always struck me that Catherine Morland is a lot like the young writer  Jane.<br />Be that as it may, I find the quality of the transfer to dvd to be  appallingly bad.  It was obviously taken from a none too pristine video  tape.  The color is murky at best, the picture grainy.  To add  insult to  injury, there are videotape &quot;dropouts&quot; apparent throughout the  film!  The quality of the image and sound are, in fact, far inferior to the  VHS tape I made off PBS over ten years ago!  <br />I am thoroughly dismayed  that the BBC would allow its name to be connected with such a shabby and  inferior production.  <br />My three stars are the result of a somewhat  impresise calculation.  I would give the movie itself five stars, but the  picture and sound would get ones.  Taken all together...well, three sounds  about right.
B00003W8NM|5.0|I've read the scores of comprehensive reviews of this extraordinary film here at Amazon.com, and there is little I can add to them. So, all I will do is give my own ten short and punchy (pun intended) reasons why \\"Fight Club\\" is a must-see DVD:<br />1) The complex characters. I loved the way viewers can look on the actions of our heroes as maybe a little strange (and even feel outright revulsion as the \\"fight club\\" concept flowers among their hundreds of followers), yet we can still identify and sympathize with the cultural pressures that drove them to develop their unusual outlet.<br />2) The bizarre, jaw-dropping scenes. Swiping discarded human fat from the dumpsters at the liposuction clinic so that our heroes can make designer soap from it and sell it back to fat-cat women blissfully unaware that they contributed the main ingredient for its manufacture? I was on the floor!<br />3) David Fincher's direction. Never over-directed, never under-directed. Just right.<br />4) The \\"Sixth Sense\\" style revelation about four-fifths of the way in. It was clever and surprising, and provided yet another reason to watch the film a second time, to catch all the subtle clues planted early on.<br />5)All the extras in the DVD edition. It takes a second disc to fit them all. Nuff said.<br />6) The amazingly funny scenes. Even the throw-away lines had me rolling, like when we learned Tyler was the defendent in a class-action suit filed as a result of the high urine content in the soup he was serving at the hotel restaurant where he worked!<br />7) The crystal-clear DVD transfer. What a picture!<br />8) The great packaging, colorful and eye-catching. And I loved that the booklet with the DVDs proudly included as many negative reviews of the film as positive ones. So subversive!<br />9) The great acting. Edward Norton, Brad Pitt, Helena Bonham Carter, and-- yes!-- Meat Loaf were all perfectly in tune with the material and made us totally believe in them, despite the crazy situations in which they found themselves. And Meat Loaf accomplished that while wearing large female breasts for the duration of the film!<br />10) The closing moments. What vision! We see tender words exchanged in the foreground between two of the major characters (I don't want to give too much away here) while outside the window behind them unfolds the strangest, most apocalyptic vision seen in a movie in recent years. I didn't know whether to laugh or stare in amazement, so I did both.<br />I made the mistake of missing this film during its theatrical run (temporary insanity on my part), but had a ball discovering it on DVD....in which they found themselves. And Meat Loaf accomplished that while wearing large female breasts for the duration of the film!<br />10) The closing moments. What vision! We see tender words exchanged in the foreground between two of the major characters (I don't want to give too much away here) while outside the window behind them unfolds the strangest, most apocalyptic vision seen in a movie in recent years. I didn't know whether to laugh or stare in amazement, so I did both.<br />I made the mistake of missing this film during its theatrical run (temporary insanity on my part), but had a ball discovering it on DVD....
B00004TLN3|3.0|I find myself apparently in the minority, thinking, as I do, that this is one of the most delightful film adaptations of Austen's work.  I find the actors appealing, and the location filming absolutely irresistible.<br />Like  others, I was at first put off by the gothic fantasy sequences.  &quot;Why,  they're not in the book!&quot;  But I always try to at least understand  what a filmmaker is attempting, and I soon came to feel that these fantasy  sequences were actually a very humorous and clever way of illustrating just  how caught up Catherine was in the fantasy and intrigue of the gothic  novels with which she was so enthralled.  Readers of Austen's mature works  might do well to investigate some of her juvenilia.  It has always struck  me that Catherine Morland is a lot like the young writer Jane.<br />Be that as  it may, I find the quality of the transfer to dvd to be appallingly bad.   It was obviously taken from a none too pristine video tape.  The color is  murky at best, the picture grainy.  To add insult to injury, there are  videotape &quot;dropouts&quot; apparent throughout the film!  The quality  of the image and sound are, in fact, far inferior to the VHS tape I made  off PBS over ten years ago!<br />I am thoroughly dismayed that the BBC would  allow its name to be connected with such a shabby and inferior  production.<br />My three stars are the result of a somewhat impresise  calculation.  I would give the movie itself five stars, but the picture and  sound would get ones.  Taken all together...well, three sounds about right.
B00004SCX6|5.0|I wasn't too crazy about Britney's debut album, but I bought it and listened to it quite often and I would stop after track 7. This cd is different...it is amazing. There are tons of great songs on here. There  really is no filler music here, every song could be a single. Lucky, Oops,  Stronger, Waht U See is Waht U Get, Can't Make You Love Me, Where Are you  Now are just a few of my favorites. Since there aren't as many ballads as  her first, they really perfected each of them. I love Where are you Now  because Britney gets a chance to show us some great vocals. If you like pop  or Britney at all, you will love this album. Many of my friends aren't  really into pop, but when I played this album, they were impressed and even  bought it. The truth is that this is a great album, and I don't know anyone  who would disagree. A great pop album for any pop fan!
B00004TLN3|3.0|I find myself apparently in the minority, thinking, as I do, that this is one of the most delightful film adaptations of Austen's work.  I find the actors appealing, and the location filming absolutely irresistible.   <br />Like others, I was at first put off by the gothic fantasy sequences.   &quot;Why, they're not in the book!&quot;  But I always try to at least  understand what a filmaker is attempting, and I soon came to feel that  these fantasy sequences were actually a very humorous and clever way of  illustrating just how caught up Catherine was in the fantasy and intrigue  of the gothic novels with which she was so enthralled.  Readers of Austen's  mature works might do well to investigate some of her juvenilia.  It has  always struck me that Catherine Morland is a lot like the young writer  Jane.<br />Be that as it may, I find the quality of the transfer to dvd to be  appallingly bad.  It was obviously taken from a none too pristine video  tape.  The color is murky at best, the picture grainy.  To add  insult to  injury, there are videotape &quot;dropouts&quot; apparent throughout the  film!  The quality of the image and sound are, in fact, far inferior to the  VHS tape I made off PBS over ten years ago!  <br />I am thoroughly dismayed  that the BBC would allow its name to be connected with such a shabby and  inferior production.  <br />My three stars are the result of a somewhat  impresise calculation.  I would give the movie itself five stars, but the  picture and sound would get ones.  Taken all together...well, three sounds  about right.
B000002L82|4.0|With &quot;Power, Corruption and Lies,&quot; New Order emerged from the shadow of Joy Division and established their own sound.  Surprisingly, the lengthy dance anthem &quot;Blue Monday&quot; does not define the album, for  it is quite unlike the rest of the tracks (save for the album closing  instrumental reprise, &quot;The Beach&quot;).  The rest of the songs tend  toward gloomy tecno rock, and there are some very good moments like the  achingly pretty &quot;Your Silent Face&quot; and the kinetic album opener  &quot;Age of Consent.&quot;  Overall, this is a fine effort from an  excellent band.
0446677450|5.0|As a business owner I can appreciate the approach that Robert Kiyosaki has taken in writing this book.  I have lent this book to many individuals (both business owners and employees in many fields) and everyone of them  has come back to me saying that Robert Kiyosaki has helped them to  understand certain principles about money and time leveraging.  Most even  mentioned that they wish they had learned some of these principles earlier  in their careers.<br />Having had a unique perspective, from the point of view  that he had two fathers (one his natural father and the other his best  friend's father each one with a different way of treating finances), Robert  Kiyosaki was able to study the results of each view point growing up.  One  father ends up being the rich dad and the other one ends up being the poor  dad.  It may even be eye opening to see which one becomes which.<br />Robert  may seem a bit preachy to some readers but, in my opinion, he seems to have  a need to help his readers understand the principles that have helped him,  his wife and his friends achieve more in life.  Unlike many financial  advise type books that seem to come from authors that are not financially  successful, &quot;Rich Dad, Poor Dad&quot; comes from an author that became  a multimillionare manys years before his first book was written.  Money is  obviously not the most important thing in life but it seems to be right on  up there with oxygen since every person that eats and lives in a home, or  wants to provide for their loved ones seems to work for money.  More money  means more security and more time with your loved ones earlier in life.   But it's important to know that if a person can be hired then they can be  fired from any job.  The main message from the author seems to be:<br />  &quot;The more control you have over the way you achieve your income, the  more control you have over your life.&quot; <br />Good Reading
B000002LEU|5.0|The gloominess of Joy Division's music cannot be understated.  Lead singer and guiding light Ian Curtis committed suicide, and from listening to a few of these songs it is not difficult to see why.  He was a tormented genius.  Mope rock never sounded so good, especially on such classics as &quot;Love  Will Tear Us Apart,&quot; &quot;She's Lost Control,&quot; and &quot;Dead  Souls.&quot;  Curtis was a man who took desperation to new levels.  Don't  look for any of New Order's danceable dreaminess.  Look instead for the  ultimate aural nightmare.
B00004SCX6|4.0|I liked this cd, but some of the songs have the same beat. When I first listened to it I thought Britney messed up and copied Oops! I did it again twice when I listened to What U See (Is What U get).Some of the songs  sounded sort of like her first cd Baby One More time.
B000021Y74|5.0|&quot;Run Lola Run&quot; moves and moves fast.  It rushes past like a frenzied nightmare, pausing only for a moment between each of its three distinct segments for a romantic interlude that puts the exclamation point  on the rest of the movie.  This is the best foreign example of the new wave  of unconventioanal movies that include the likes of &quot;The Matrix&quot;  and &quot;Go.&quot;  The dubbing is not great, but I can't imagine trying  to keep up with subtitles in a movie like this.  If you like action that is  not insulting to the intelligence, this movie is for you.
B00003CWOL|5.0|Two fallen angels (Ben Affleck and Matt Damon) are homesick for heaven and receive a mysterious mailing: a newspaper clipping about a RC church in New Jersey celebrating it's hundredth anniversary by offering a plenary  indulgence to all who walk through its portals. The angels strike upon the  idea: why not transubstantiate to human form, go through the portal, die  and go home. One problem with this is that heaven is wary about just such a  possibility and a call is send out (via the Archangel Metatron [yes,  Virginia there is an archangel Metatron, he's just obscure] (Alan Rickman))  to the hero who is expected to save the day, one Bethany Sloan (Linda  Fiorentino) a RC who works in an abortion clinic. She also has a secret  identity that is so secret she has to be told of it. Anyway the fallen  angels start from Milwaukee and Bethany and the two prophets (did I mention  them?) start from somewhere in Illinois and head for their confrontation  New Jersey. On the road they meet Rufus (Chris Rock) the thirteenth Apostle  who didn't get written up in the Gospels because he was Black. Jesus was  Black too, but since he was the Son of God, they put a spin on his  ethnicity. They also meet Serendipity (Salma Heyek), a muse (she's no  Sharon Stone). And to complete the cast, the part of God is divided between  Bud Cort (of Harold and Maude) and Alanis Morrisette (she's better looking  than you thought). This movie is a theological romp on the level of  Bedazzled or Time Bandits combined with the story of the Wizard of Oz. Only  it's relation to Catholicism keeps it from having that charmingly vacuous  straw brained quality for which Baum is so famous.
B000002LCK|4.0|&quot;Substance&quot; is the album for fans of New Order's dance floor dominance of the 80s and early 90s.  Disc One of this set contains a heady brew of hoofin' classics including &quot;Blue Monday,&quot; &quot;Bizzare  Love Triangle,&quot; &quot;Perfect Kiss,&quot; and &quot;True Faith&quot;  in all their remixed glory.  Disc Two is another matter, featuring  leftovers and throwaways that for the most part are of little interest.  The shame is that the first CD is not available alone (as it is on  cassette).  The beauty of New Order is that their elaborate sounds  challenge your mind as they move your feet.  For that,  &quot;Substance&quot; is well worth owning.
B00003CWOL|4.0|This may be Smith's best picture to date.  He never fails to find the humor in situations, be it a cheap fart joke or an amusing observation about the idiosyncracies of life.  The film never gets too preachy (what  were the protesters thinking - this is a PRO-faith movie) and never takes  itself too seriously. The big reason why I think Dogma is better than  Chasing Amy?  It has a plotted ending, rather than the ludicrous  menage-a-trois suggestion at the end of Amy.  Dogma is a fairly  well-constructed, fun, hopeful, road picture.   I do wish the DVD would  have had some goodies, but I suspect the SE is in production now. I also  wish Mr. Smith would find himself a good cinematographer.  His films always  have such a strange, &quot;not quite real&quot; color to them.
B000005B0U|5.0|This is great stuff..After the movie, I knew I needed the Soundtrack, but I has pretty much figured on that even before I saw the movie. All the tracks featuring the Blues Brothers Band are great, especially the Perry  Mason Theme, and New Orleans. The CD also introduced me to Erykah Badu, who  has an incredible voice. Funky Nassau is a great track, one of the best on  the CD. Aretha's new Respect version is great, as expected, and Blues  Traveler contributes &quot;Maybe I'm Wrong&quot;, another outstanding  track. Another short, but enjoyable little song is the Car Crash theme from  the movie, &quot;Let there be drums&quot;, by the Carl LaFong trio. As  short as it is, I really enjoy that one! Allso great to have those John  Goodman songs, such as Looking for a Fox and Turn on your love light. You  really cant go wrong with this soundtrack, I loved it!
0783117388|5.0|Let's face it:  TV choices are becoming slim these days.  And even the  good shows, like &quot;Ally McBeal&quot; are beginning to sink faster than  they should be. <br />I'm not lucky enough to get HBO at my house, but the  buzz and reviews for &quot;Sex and the City&quot; were all so positive that  I HAD to go with my gut instinct and talked someone into getting me the set  for my birthday.  <br />I watched these and my gut proved right again!  Here  was a show that was...totally exceptional and non-stop enjoyable to watch.   It is fresh and well-done, and it's nice not to have an audience laughing  at certain times because sitcoms these days are, let's face it, atrocious.   And it's easy to say that the aspect of &quot;Sex and the City&quot; that  makes it so great is the stellar performances by the leading ladies  (Parker, Catrall, Davis, and Nixon).  <br />When I began watching the show  Nixon as the bitchy, tough Miranda had me hooked.  And after a few episodes  I was dying over Parker's Carrie.  And then I perked up whenever Davis's  Charlotte would come on the screen (how could you not love someone so  naive!); then, go figure, Catrall's American counterpart to ABFab's Patsy  Stone had me cringing with laughter.  These women act so well that you  cannot pick a favorite neurotic, beautiful, funny and more appealing  character.  <br />And what's more, the supporting roles by Chris Noth as Mr.  Big, Miranda's on and off boy toy Skipper and Euro Trash Amalita are all  just as good, and give each episode different flavors of lust, money, and  bedroom etiquette.  <br />To be frank, I'm hooked, and it disappoints me I  cannot tune into HBO every week to follow the latest misadventures in these  glorious womens' lives.  I hope that the people at HBO see their great  sales numbers on this boxed set and decide to release the complete 2nd  season as well...and then the third...and so forth.  <br />You will not be  disappointed by these stories!  They will make you cry with laughter and  leave you feeling nice after watching one.  I highly reccommend them to  anyone who questions them.
6303168507|5.0|Steven Spielberg outdid himself when he made the classic. The actor who played Oskar Schindler was one of the best I and my family has ever seen. Who ever thought a Nazi who was only interested in making money and women  could turn completly around and literally save thousands of Jews. From the  action-packed seanes to the thoughtful moments that Schindler did  everything to save these Jews. The scene at the end, showing all the  offshoots of the Schindler's Jews is the most compleled and heart-breaking  scene you will ever see in your entire life. When he has to flee...the  actor is so good in this scene i was gushing with tears. This man can truly  act. This is what I call a movie.
B000002KBH|5.0|This is my favorite Grateful Dead Studio Album.  In my most humble opinion the Dead were at their peak as far as attaining a balance of musical ability, creativity and control.  This album is a blend of concert pleasing  favorites like Sugar Magnolia and Ripple to Radio friendly tunes such as  Truckin and Box of Rain.<br />If you like the Dead you will very probably  enjoy this album.   If you dig bluegrass and or folk then this is the album  for you.<br />Listen and enjoy.  Well worth the price and the time.
B00004STPT|5.0|The soundtrack to the movie--Gladiator is essentially what a soundtrack is suppose to be it adds to the film and can become a kind of invisible actor-establishing mood, themes and characters..  I brought the sound track  after seeing the film because I was captured by the music, and the visual  recreation in the film and the acting of Russell Crowe.  The soundtrack  especially cuts 3 and 13 add to the visual statements being made on the  screen--the violence, blood and chaos of the battle, but also the  gladiatorial contests.  The similarity of these types of mayhem is explored  in the military aspect of the music.  Lisa Gerrard's vocals and the duduk  compositions of Djivan Gasparyan are the most haunting aspects of this  fictional tale of a general who becomes a gladiator. I searched for music  by Gasparyan on Amazon.com and found the basis of the duduk themes used in  the film--he plays similar songs in his CD-Moon Shines at Night(1993  Gyroscope.  I also explored an Armenian website to familiarize myself with  this oboe-like instrument.  The cut-#6, To Zucchabar is very good.  My only  caveat with the CD is that the thematic continuity was given precedent over  the chronological arrangement of the film. Thus,  To Zucchabar should have  come after #8 The Emperor is Dead#8 since this is how it occurs in the  movie.  I also cry on Elysium and Now we Are Free.  This soundtrack has be  played in a surroundsound kind of atmosphere or you can't get the feel of  the film's visual and emotional impact.  Although I liked Braveheart and  Mel Gibson in it--the music didn't grab me as this one did.
B00000G3Q4|5.0|Sam Raimi, an amazing movie considering on the low budget it was made. The effects Raimi creates are amazing like in the first scene when the 5 teenagers arrive at the cabin and the porch swing is hitting rhymically  against the cabin and stops when Tom puts his hand on the door, really  creepy and effective, but now with the &quot;Scream&quot; movies, I doubt  it would scare anyone.<br />For those who are Ash fans (myself included), you  will be dissapointed, the &quot;Ash attitude&quot; as I like to call it  (one-liners, guns, chainsaws for hands, and always getting the girl),  doesn't really gel till the end of the movie and into &quot;Evil Dead  2&quot;. Ash's real name is Ashely and he is pretty much Ashely till the  end of the movie where his character becomes Ash. Not to down play on Bruce  Campbell who does a great job, this is how it is in this movie. An example  of this is when some zombie girls attack Tom and Ashely is standing in the  background looking horrified, and those who have seen &quot;Evil Dead  2&quot; or &quot;Army of Darkness&quot; will be standing up and screaming  at Ash to do something.<br />I would say it is unfair to compare &quot;Evil  Dead&quot; to &quot;Army of Darkness&quot; because the movies get better as  they go along and, of course, have higher budgets... &quot;Evil Dead  2&quot; is not as strong plot wise and &quot;Evil Dead&quot; because  basically it's a remake of &quot;Evil Dead&quot;...<br />&quot;Evil Dead&quot;  could also be considered to have a weak plot that a 5-year old can follow,  but horror films are much more subtle and create more suspence now so that  screenwriters don't have to hit the plot over the audience's head to get it  across. If this movie was shown today, it would get bad reviews as a horror  movie, but &quot;Evil Dead&quot; is more of a cult classic and if you can  step back and realize that &quot;Evil Dead&quot; even though it's a  low-budget movie, it's a satire on low-budget movies and does a lot of  sterotypical things on purpose. This humour is carried on in &quot;Evil  Dead 2&quot; and &quot;Army of Darkness&quot;<br />Bottom Line: You love  Raimi, Campbell, or &quot;Army of Darkness&quot;, you won't be  dissapointed, but you might want to rent it before you own it.f  sterotypical things on purpose. This humour is carried on in &quot;Evil  Dead 2&quot; and &quot;Army of Darkness&quot;<br />Bottom Line: You love  Raimi, Campbell, or &quot;Army of Darkness&quot;, you won't be  dissapointed, but you might want to rent it before you own it.
B000002G30|5.0|A true masterpiece baby...
B000002NHN|5.0|I'm glad I came upon this CD. The very first time I heard Loreena's music was on a commercial for the movie &quot;Ever After.&quot; It was &quot;The Mummer's Dance.&quot; I thought that song was so mysterious and beautiful.  I finally found out who wrote it, so of course I got her CD. This music is  so gorgeous and mystical it's hard to believe she does it all herself. She  does the music, the lyrics, and the singing. She's a REAL artist, unlike  all those people who have people do the songs for them, and they just sing  it. This music is great to fall asleep to, it'll make you have enigmatic  dreams! Really! She did a beautiful work out of the poem &quot;The  Highwayman.&quot; I love the sound effects she put in, and how her voice is  quiet, and then gets louder towards the end. If you listen to that song you  can practically picture exactly what's going on. I also love  &quot;Skellig&quot;, especially when she sings the part about turning the  hourglass over.         &quot;Take the hourglass, and turn it on it's head.  For when the sands are still, 'tis then you'll find me dead.&quot; It is so  gorgeous and weird the way she sings that! I love it! Another thing I love,  is that she includes all the lyrics, and the way she tells of her travels  and what her inspiration was to write each and every song. It really makes  this wonderful album worth listening to. Like I have said before, she's a  REAL artist!
B00003CWOL|5.0|I'LL ADMIT when I first got wind of this one and heard some reviews about it, it didn't sound incredibly appealing; but this is really, for me, all the more reason to see it. I kept seeing it in blockbuster and there was  always just something else I wanted more. One day, I finally decided to  rent it.<BR> Man had I been missing out.<BR> Many people think this is some  kind of slam on religion or something like that; Dogma just points out what  really is wrong with society today. Words really can't describe many of the  joys of watching this movie; a comedy with quick witted humor, but  strikingly insightful in its more sober moments.<BR> Though I'm sure many  religious fanatics will probably call this going against holy words, I  think it's done more than anything in years to clarify and uphold them.<BR>  5 Stars.
B00003CXB4|3.0|&quot;The Lion King&quot; opens with a sequence that I consider one of the best and most spectacular in modern film. <br />We see the sun rising over the African savannah, then follow all the animals of the savannah as they rush  to attend the coronation of Simba, the prince of the animal kingdom. It's  sweeping and beautifully presented, and the Tim Rice/Elton John opening  music is absolutely smashing. A great beginning, to be sure.<br />Then  something bad happens: the dialogue begins.<br />Although &quot;The Lion  King&quot; has some memorable scenes and characterizations (most  prominently: Nathan Lane's unforgettable voicing of Timon the meercat, and  Jeremy Irons' seething portrayal of the villanous Scar), and also contains  some of the best musical sequences ever put in Disney films (no faint  praise), it suffers from a weak, aimless plot.<br />Matthew Broderick's  voicing of Simba, the would-be king, is utterly unconvincing - imagine  Ferris Bueller as a lion and you get the idea. I think they needed someone  with a more commanding voice for this role.<br />And parents beware: this is a  G-rated film, but many of the themes (patricide, fights to the death, etc.)  are guaranteed to have your your kids in your room at about 2 am.  <br />&quot;The Lion King&quot; works well as entertainment, mainly because of  the beautiful animation and the smashing music and songs, but it's not  among the strongest Disney films by any means.
B00004THAY|5.0|Smooth, that's the best description, you find yourself clicking your fingers, catching on to the lyrics and just mellowing out to the sounds of Clapton and King.  Purchased under the logic, as individual artists they  are great, together they must be phenomenal!  All I can say is I have good  logic :)  Fantastic guitar - highly recommended!  Long live the king (both  of them! )
B00003CX8Y|5.0|If &quot;The Little Mermaid&quot; was evidence that Disney was back, &quot;Beauty and the Beast&quot; was proof that it was better than ever.<br />What a wonderful, beautiful, romantic film, punctuated by great  animation, and knock-em-dead musical numbers. No wonder this was the first  animated film nominated for a Best Picture Oscar!<br />Not many animated films  qualify as date movies, but this one is a date flick extraordinaire. <br />If  &quot;Beauty and the Beast&quot; has a flaw, it's that it can be quite  violent for children. It includes a rather violent fistfight to the death,  a knifing, and quite a bit of gunplay to boot. Thankfully, it's easy to see  the scary stuff coming, so you can have your kids turn away before they see  something they shouldn't. <br />Overall, though, what else can I say? This  film is a classic, and a wonderful moviegoing experience. I recommend it  most highly.
0425170349|5.0|What a book!  Im extrememly impressed with the first Tom Clancy I've ever read. Very well written and Heart-pounding this book will keep you on the edge of your chair until it blows you out. Buy it now!
B00001QEE7|5.0|&quot;The Little Mermaid&quot; is a smashing blend of romance, action, music, and superb Disney animation.<br />We all know the story, don't we? Little Ariel is a mermaid who wants to be part of the world beyond the sea,  but her father (the king of an undersea nation) wants her &quot;under the  sea&quot;, where he thinks she belongs. Ariel falls in love with a human  prince and trades her lovely singing voice to the evil Sea-Witch so that  she can be with him.<br />Will Ariel wed the handsome prince, make her dad  understand what she wants, and defeat the evil Sea-Witch? It's a Disney  flick, folks...that's all one need say.<br />The film is a delight from start  to finish, but I have to give special mention the music and songs (by Alan  Menken and the late Howard Ashman), which span yearning (&quot;Part of Your  World&quot;), salesmanship (&quot;Under the Sea&quot;), and  barely-concealed evil (&quot;Poor Unfortunate Souls&quot;). The score and  musical numbers are a sheer delight (and the ones for Ashman and Menken's  next project, &quot;Beauty and the Beast&quot;, are even better), and  you'll be humming them for weeks after seeing this film.<br />It also bears  mentioning that unlike many other Disney cartoons, in which the violence  level is quite high for a G-rated film, the violence in &quot;The Little  Mermaid&quot; is very restrained; of all the recent Disney films, this is  the one best suited for young children.<br />And if your young kids are like  my daughter, they'll soon be telling you they want to be mermaids, just  like Ariel. <br />Enjoy!
B00000JCOV|5.0|Every song on this cd is sweet. It is creative, intresting and awesome. You cant go wrong if your into hard rock or metal. This cd is awesome and I love the band.
B00001OH7T|3.0|When I listened to this record I noticed that it was like a soul album. Bowie really expressed himself in Across the Universe, Fame, and Somebody Up There Likes Me. Young Americans is a great hit; my mom says it was on  the radio a lot when it came out in '75. So although Fame and Young  Americans only made it big, that doesn't mean that the other songs on this  album is bad. You might be surprised to find FASCINATION on this album!
0684800713|2.0|So, yeah.. I read The Sun Also Rises.. twice.  I even watched the movie.  There is nothing interesting here.  His prose plods along.  His characters say 'extroadinary' things.  They drink. They are 'just too much', they  argue ..oh, well.<br />No, I'll never get why people like Hemingway.  What  fascinates me about this book is how someone can take such interesting  characters and paint them in such a dull manner.  What can be done with  this book?  Do as Hemingway always said.  Be practical, take a book like  this and use it practically.   Roll it up, ..wow! ..it's a small cricket  bat or tennis racket!  Yeah, maybe he'd like that!
B00000FBRE|4.0|At first I really liked this CD, but as I listened more it became very repetitive, almost like the full CD is one song.  Most punk fans will like it, as there are a few very good songs, such as May 16, but if you're just  getting into punk I'd try something else.
0783242816|2.0|When I first saw American Pie in the theater I really enjoyed it. I laughed so hard at every scene. I brought it on DVD and video and I still liked it. But now that I have seen it a million times it has gotten stupid.  Becareful when you buy it on video because it's a hard decision on which  American Pie version you want to get. The unrated version is okay but I  like the original better because it's the way it meant to be. If you hadn't  seen this movie yet you would probably like it for your first time but if  you watch it a million times you might think it's a stupid movie. So  becareful when you watch it a bunch because you might not like it anymore.  But it's still a good movie though. Try it for your first slice!
0790729970|5.0|For fun and visual humor, this film just can't be beat.<br />Jim Carry is superbly cast as Stanley Ipkiss -- &quot;Mr. Nice Guy&quot; and one of life's loosers. That is, until he happens upon an old carved Norse mask  (supposedly having belonged to the god of mischief, Loki). Once having  donned the mask, Stanley is transformed from a meek introvert into a hip  &quot;man about the town&quot; who turns every situation to his advantage  -- and this occurs in the most comical fashion imaginable.<br />Heavily based  on cartoon-like animation (which the character, Stanley, has a passion  for), the mask performs astonishing feats that will have you grinning from  ear to ear. It's a cartoon show come to real life.<br />The special effects in  the movie are very well done. The Mask's first experience on the town (as  he leaves the rooming house) with an animated clock and his unsuspecting  land-lady, Mrs Peenman; his encounter with a rude motorist (&quot;I think  he wants to communicate&quot;); and the scene with a couple of overcharging  mechanics (&quot;Hold onto your lugnuts, it's time for an overhaul!&quot;)  are very well done -- and only the prelude to even better sequences later.  One of the most priceless parts is where the Mask is cornered by every  police officer (including SWAT) in the neighborhood, then turns the  situation into a song and dance fest with a Cuban flavor. It's hilarious.  (great music too!)<br />Jim Carry is a natural straight comic - rivaling Robin  Williams. His talents come across full-force in this film. And don't  forget, sexy star Cameron Diaz also plays a prominate part opposite Mr.  Carry.<br />This one's a treat for everyone. If you haven't seen it yet, rent  a copy today. Only the most dour will fail to find something to like about  the film.<br />As the tagline says, it's fantastic fun.<br />~P~
6304196784|5.0|Excellent comedies that really work are so very few and far between, but this beauty ranks among the best ever!  Never before has John Cleese thrown so much humanity into a character; when he's smitten with Jamie Lee Curtis'  character, he is absolutely head over heels in love, and it shows, and even  more, it's believable!  His character goes through and exhibits the full  range of human emotions, and Cleese pulls it off masterfully.  Kevin Kline  is at the top of his game in this one--never again will I ever call anyone  &quot;stupid,&quot; lest they react like Kline's character does!  Really  one of this country's most under-rated actors (despite the Best Supporting  Actor Oscar for this movie).  And not to be left out, Jamie Lee Curtis and  Michael Palin are SO perfect for their roles--what a riot!  Palin's  character in particular is a real study in bodily disintegration!  No  offense to dog lovers, but Palin's reaction to his attempts at knocking-off  the elderly witness that actually results in the reduction of her band of  pets is comedy at it's finest!  Hilarious and touching all at the same  time, Wanda is a rare gem among recent movies; excellent cast, great  characters, hilarious story line, and dead-on dialogue.  You'll be  snickering long after it's over.  And never again will you look at  fishtanks, fish and chips, or old ladies out walking their little dogs, the  same!  Watch it and you'll completely understand!
B00000IQW3|4.0|If you need a pick-me-up after watching Blade Runner or Aliens, this film is definitely for you.    In this fun film (no one could mistake this for a \\"serious work of science fiction\\"), Alex Rogan is the  prototypical small-town young man with big dreams for his future - which  fall down flat.  Doomed to a life in a trailer park in the sticks, he seeks  escape in an arcade game (remember those?)  Without giving away too much of  the film for those who might not have seen it, his gaming expertise lands  him a *very* big opportunity.    Lance Guest is very engaging in the role of  Alex; we can feel his frustration - almost despair - as he faces a bleak  future doing odd jobs in the trailer park.      Later in the film, when we  see him offered the chance to be more than he is, to become what he is  capable of being, and to take on what seems to be an impossible task, we  can see his transformation into a genuine hero - capable yet modest, and a  man who really cares about what's important and is willing to do something  about it.    Dan O'Herlihy - completely unrecognizeable under makeup - is  good as the character Grig - though the part was a bit shallow for an actor  of his talent.    The shining star of the movie, though, is the late Robert  Preston as Centauri.  He plays the role with the same charm he exhibited in  The Music Man; indeed, the character is loaded with the same combination of  boyish enthusiasm and even suave huckster-ism as Prof. Harold Hill.  This  film is worth the price just to see his performance.    When it comes to a  sci-fi film, most folks these days expect to see Computer Generated Imagery  - and plenty of it.  This film is the first in which CGI was used for *all*  the special effects in a feature film (Tron used bits and pieces here and  there; Young Sherlock Holmes had one scene).  The technical accomplishment,  even given what we're used to seeing these days, is truly astounding.    The  film does have a couple of weaknesses.  The villains aren't really well  developed - in fact, carboard cutouts may as well have been used, for all  the depth these characters display.  Some of the plot devices are pretty  ludicrous as well, and some of the minor characters do odd things for no  readily explainable reason.  Oh, well.    To end on a positive note,  however, I ought to add that some of the minor characters - particularly  the denizens of the trailer park - are quite well done.  Catherine Mary  Stewart (Maggie), Barbara Bosson (Alex's mom), and Vernon Washington  (Otis) provide a very human aspect to the film.  Alex's little brother  Louis is amusing in a bratty way, and provides the single best line of the  entire movie, the last line: \\"Wo-ow!\\"    So, I recommend this  flick as a fun film, not requiring a lot of thought or phillosophical  reflection.  Pop some corn, sit down, and enjoy.
B00004THAY|5.0|You can't go wrong with this CD.  Clapton and King are on the money with this collection.  These are arguably the best guitarists in the world, playing the blues where the best guitar work is done.
0783243499|5.0|if you feel that life has not yet begun for you kids out there, here's your first reason for living.  AMERICAN PSYCHO is possibly the most stimulating film i have ever seen.  it is set in the best year, 1985, and  accompanied by great music (new order, genesis, etc), sex, drugs, money,  and best of all-murder.  not only is this the ultimate cult classic novel,  christian bale could very well be THE actor of the 21st century.  i am  completely smitten with this video, this book, this tragically keen man,  this phenomenon.  so all you kids run out and get this video, you will  learn to live, and you will love life like you have never imagined  possible.  you can thank christian's performance for this experience.
0790729989|1.0|I wouldnt bother know matter how good a film is this DVD is a flipper. Nothing more annoying than having to turn a DVD half way through a film just because a film producer is to tight to pay for dual layer disks.
0060916540|5.0|They say it's better than 'Into Thin Air'. They are wrong !  It's 10 times better than that ! You are a climber, or a non-climber, it doesn't matter, go and get this book !  Reading this book, not only i am amazed by  the way he has survived, but also by the way he has written it. His words  are simple and yet they are capable of filling the entire space of my  heart. I cried and laughed reading this book. At some points, i even wished  that i were there with him so that i could put my arms around him and tell  him that everything would be fine. Even after i have finished reading it, i  still pick it up often and re-read some pages. The effect never subside....
B00001ZWTT|5.0|This is a classic Smith/Sonnenfeld movie! What is everyone complaining about?  I must say, I really liked this movie. It had the action and the thrills. Even a few turns! The only minus really is the fact that we didn't  get to see enough of Salma Hayek.. But then again, is that possible? :)
B000001EAQ|4.0|i know alot of people seem to not like this album or the 93 classic Zooropa. i cant understand why not, this stuff is classic.....well zooropa is the better of the two but still POP does have its moments of  greatness.......MoFo,Please, Staring At the Sun are my three favs, plus i  really like Miami, everyone here seems to trash that song....anyway POP is  a great album in its own right, not their best but still memorable.
630505116X|5.0|&quot;Deep Rising&quot; is one of those guilty pleasures.  Even though it borrows from so many flicks (&quot;Alien,&quot; &quot;Poseidon Adventure,&quot; etc.), it is nonetheless a very entertaining roller  coaster ride of a movie.  It starts quick and never lets up.  Lots of tight  and involving action sequences; good (if not great) special effects; and a  cast of some good and awful actors!  I had a hoot watching it.  The monster  was pretty awesome, and the villains certainly deserved what they got. Wes  Studi's final scene is one of the most vile characterizations in modern  horror films.  Kevin O'Connor is very enjoyable in his whiny supporting  role.  My favorite of his many one-liners:  &quot;Can you just catch  asthma?&quot;.  Treat Williams is a good anti-hero and Anthony Heald is  awful as the main villain, but you can't help waiting for him to get his!  The rest of the cast is typical and adequate, although I think poor Wes  Studi couldn't have gotten much more &quot;wooden&quot;.  All in all, one  of those great B-movies of the 90's!
6305892946|5.0|i loved this movie i saw it twice at the cinemas.a great starting to the movie,how cotton weary and his girlfriend die.such a great plot i must say,how the killer ends up as sidneys brother i loved it and recommend it  to every one.note:wes craven is a exellent director.
B00004R99F|5.0|I watched this movie before.When I was 3 years old I beguin to watch that movie.It is so cool and good!
0440224764|1.0|I can't believe that I read this book! I feel like I chopped a few hours off of my life. Its not that Grisham can't write, he has a definite knack for story-telling, but it seems he's more interested in trying to be  clever. I was so unhappy that I took the time to read this book that I  would honestly call it the worst book I've ever read. Yuck! The only reason  that I kept reading it was because I always &quot;hoped&quot; it would  start to pick up. Its like watching a bad movie on a rainy day just because  you can't believe it won't get better. This not only doesn't get better, it  falls into an abyss at the end. Instead of buying this book, tear up seven  dollars and bang your head with a hammer - its the same effect and at least  it will save you time.
B00003Q43A|5.0|The word &quot;entertainment&quot; derives from the Greek work &quot;entrata&quot; which means &quot;to hold&quot; i.e., one's attention.  Independence Day certainly succeeds in that regard.  Some have criticized  this movie for being shallow, but did anyone honestly enter the theater or  rent the video expecting King Lear?<br />The story has been done before, true,  but never as spectacularly as it is here.  The acting is fine, without  overshadowing the story, particularly from Jeff Goldblum, Bill Pullman, and  Brent Spiner in a scene stealing supporting role.<br />Since most will have  already seen the movie, I'll address this DVD issue.  Picture transfer and  sound are of demonstration quality.  The movie comes with a French  soundtrack.  However, the added footage in the special edition is not  dubbed into French, so  subtitles have been provided for these scenes.  The  commentary track by Devlin and Emmerich was recorded two years ago for a  laserdisc issue and appears again here.  The other track by the special  effects team was created for the DVD edition and gives much useful  information for special effects enthusiasts.<br />The movie is still superior  in the theatrical edition.  The added footage is of passing interest, but  really feels like padding.<br />The second disc is crammed with extras  including various theatrical and television trailers, a documentary about  the special effects, and an amusing &quot;mockumentary&quot; about the  invasion.<br />A must have DVD for popcorn movie enthusiasts.
0782008364|4.0|This was on television recently, it was a film i'd heard a little bit about, but most talk didn't get past the lesbian scenes.  The fact that it was directed by the Wachowski Brothers (Matrix)persuaded me to watch it.  I  was expecting a low budget, experimental type movie that would use  gratuitous sexual scenes to increase its appeal-the type of movie that  comes back to haunt the directors, like an early porn film to a top actor.  Well I hold my hands up and admit I was very wrong.  This really was a  great movie, it doesn't use an original formula but does use the lesbian  relationship between Jennifer Tilly and Gina Gershon to give something a  little new to the proceedings.  I was expecting the relationship to be  dealt with sleasily in a way that would cheapen the movie.  Instead it is  used in a way that challenges the male dominated Mafia and almost satirises  the genre.  <br />The script is well written and the film is coordinated  perfectly by the director.  The movie delivers suspense better than most  which is definately helped by the convincing displays from the lead actors.  This movie has the quality that will stand up on repeat viewings and is,  therefore definately worth buying...but if in doubt, rent it out.
B000003EUL|5.0|I am far from an expert in classical music, but the  performance by Richter in both of these pieces is clearly virtuosic, even to the untrained ear. My parents played nothing but classical music as I was growing up, and  I've heard both of these pieces many times.  Nothing, however, prepared me  for Richter's rendition of the Appassionata here, he is simply on fire. It  is inhuman. The Brahm's Second Piano Concerto is one of my all-time  favorites, the way it slowly builds tension toward the climax is like,  well, you can figure it out, and Richter's performance shines here too.   Hearing Richter's interpretations here was like hearing these pieces for  the first time. There is not a flawed moment on this entire disc.
0316777722|4.0|This is the first book by David Sedaris I've read and I have to say it certainly is among the funniest.  The brilliance of his wit lies within his ability to find the humor in everyday situations and people, whether it be  the humiliation of a young boy having to attend speech therapy class for  his lisp or the awkward embarrassment of screwing up French translations in  a language class run by a teacher who would have been more suitably  employed as a Gestapo agent, Sedaris finds the ridiculous in the  everyday.<br />One minor criticism, I found the book peters out towards the  end.  The last two or three stories aren't nearly as interesting or  humorous as what comes before them.  <br />But gay or straight, there's  something for everyone in this book.
0767814037|5.0|This movie is a wonderful blending of tradtional style Old Western history with a more realistic intrpretation of New Western history.  The acting is wonderful although I wanted to see more of Jeff Goldblum and Rosanne  Arquette. The music and scenerey is dramatic and draws you into the movie.  At the end when they go riding off into the sunset you almost want to get  on your horse and go with them. This movie is light on the hokey stuff of  classic westerns which makes it even more palatable to a non-western fan.
B00003Q43A|4.0|I have not seen this movie since it was in theatres in 1996 because I was waiting for the DVD. Now its here and its better than ever! The extra scenes, though nothing major, are entertaining to say the least. It is mostly character development along with a couple of funny scenes. The picture is beautiful and the THX sound is what it should have been in the theatre! Whether or not you enjoyed this film, this DVD edition is well worth the money. It is filled with lots of cool behind the scenes documentaries, including the Fox special wich aired just prior to the films release. I highly recommend this DVD special edition to any and everyone!  The film itself may not be that spectacular when examined closely, but this is still a very nice DVD set to own!  The film on its own gets three stars, but the DVD set gets four stars.
0399208534|5.0|This is one of my all-time favorite children's books.  One sunny day, a caterpillar pops out of an egg.  He is very hungry and begins searching for food.  Now, many of Eric Carle's books have gimmicks--the tactile web in  THE VERY BUSY SPIDER and the chirping in THE VERY QUIET CRICKET, for  example.  The gimmick in this book is that the caterpillar eats holes  through all the food, holes that are actually punched into the pages of the  book.  It's a good gimmick, actually.  Also, many of Carle's books teach  conventions--telling time in THE VERY GROUCHY LADYBUG and animal sounds in  THE VERY BUSY SPIDER, for example.  This one teaches the days of the week.  On Monday, the caterpillar eats this, on Tuesday he eats that, and so  forth.  Very cute.  Eventually, he becomes a fat caterpillar.  He then  spins himself a cocoon, where he rests for two weeks.  And when he  emerges...well, you can guess the results.  It's a wonderful story.  Best  of all, the text is very simple as are the illustrations, so the book will  appeal to toddlers as well as the pre-K and kindergarten crowd.  In fact,  it may appeal more to toddlers, because the story is so very simple.  I  know I read it as a kindergartener.  I loved the holes but found the story  rather boring.  I read it to my two-year-old this spring, however, and he  went nuts over it.  The days of the week were lost on him, but he was  fascinated by the caterpillar turning into a butterfly--he had no idea!  Can't tell you how many times we read it.  We also re-enacted it, crawling  on the floor and eating, spinning ourselves into cocoons, and popping out  with fluttery wings.  In fact, he was so taken with the  caterpillar-to-butterfly phenomenon that I ordered some caterpillars (I  used &quot;Insect Lore&quot;--they are on-line--but I'm sure there are lots  of other places to get them).  We read THE VERY HUNGRY CATERPILLAR at each  stage of their development and then right before we released them as  butterflies.  It was thehighlight of our spring.
6305776369|5.0|I loved this movie.  I know this isn't for everyone just people who like to watch stupid movies.  It's the same kind of dumb humour as Austin Powers except this humour isn't undelying. I thought all the jokes were very  funny!  My favourite scene is when Evian and Mary fight and I love Tom  Green's appearances.  This is a funny movie for people who enjoy stupid  funny humour.
6305750750|1.0|This movie is by no doubt the worst movie I've ever seen. I didn't especially like the first 3, but they were still a lot better then this one. This movie was boring, stupid, and a waste of money. The thing that  makes me the most upset is that the fans of this movie complain that it  didn't make more than Titanic. They can't settle for having the 2nd highest  grossing movie worldwide. It's not funny, or dramatical.The humor consists  of a computer generated creature saying Doodie.  The special effects are  all computer generated. It's unexciting and seems to have no sense of  purpose. Other then to sell merchandise and give George Lucas enough money  for liposuction. Jake Loyd is a horrible actor. This film made 900 million  dollars worldwide and it's basically just a bunch of posters moving really  quickly. Halfway through the movie I left the theatre and went to the  bathroom for about 20 minutes. I found the automatic flush to be more  interesting then the movie.
0671027344|5.0|Growing up ain't easy - as anyone could tell you. And yet it is rare for a book to truly capture the pain and awkwardness that is our teen years. &quot;The Perks of Being a Wallflower&quot; is one of those rare  exceptions. It's about a guy who writes letters to an unknown person under  the pseudonym Charlie. Through his letters Charlie finds a release from the  pressure of his freshman year of high school. And while occasionally his  observations seem a little contrived or like after-school special cliches,  he remains the most fully realized and realistic fictional character since  Holden Caulfield. I could really identify with a lot of what happens in  this book, and I think other people would too. I really enjoyed this book a  lot. And it's a fast read, so it's good for anyone just looking for a good,  quick book to read.
B00000JCOV|5.0|I have never given male bands a chance until I met my best friend who listens to only hard music. He opened me my darker/rage side more than I can explain. This group makes alot of sense to me (even though sometimes it  is hard to understand the words) and it takes that anger that I would leash  out to someone and they help me to just jump around and let everything go  in a good way, not where I could get myself into trouble. I have enjoyed  them quite alot and I wish others would give them more of a chance.
B000002U9W|4.0|Any person who is considering purchasing this album should have heard first the more accessible Floyd albums, such as &quot;Dark Side of the Moon,&quot; &quot;Wish You Were Here,&quot; and &quot;The Wall.&quot; But  if you're feeling more adventurous, and would like a great overall feel for  the Floyd's early forays into &quot;art rock,&quot; dig into this one. It  has many flaws, albeit none that are fatal. The Atom Heart Mother Suite is  23 minutes of pure bliss: Music ranging from classical, to funk, to spacy  psychedelia. It all has a strange cohesiveness, due mainly to Ron Geesin's  arranging. Though the group was not really all that happy with the end  result, claiming the final product was no more than a passable demo, most  fans think otherwise. &quot;If&quot; is a beautiful acoustic ballad...until  you listen to the words, and hear the theme of madness coming through.  &quot;Summer of '68&quot; from keyboardist Richard Wright is the best  track, written to a groupie, I suspect. &quot;Fat Old Sun&quot; is David  Gilmour's entrie; it has a fine falsetto, and nice lilting melody. Just  when the song kicks into high gear, though, the solo gets lost in the mix  (Oops! ), making a great song into a merely good song. &quot;Alan's  Psychedelic Breakfast&quot; ends the album on a melodic/musique concrete  fusion. It is fine, particularly the third part. Floyd roadie Alan Stiles  can be heard through most of the suite, talking whilst making breakfast in  what sounds like a very old kitchen. Some of the lines he says, like  &quot;Marmalade, I like marmalade...&quot; and &quot;Breakfast in Los  Angeles...macrobiotic stuff&quot; are really funny, and lends an intimacy  to the piece. Not hard rock by any means. Those looking for the rougher  side of Floyd should look elsewhere. This album is not nearly the group's  greatest offering, but it is a joy to listen to. This is, after all, the  band's only foray into the art-rock arena.
0385484518|5.0|Have you ever had a favorite teacher.  Have you ever wondered what they've been up to lately?<br />A little more than 20 years ago, Mitch Albom graduated from Brandeis University, kissed his favorite professor, Morrie Schwartz,  good-bye and said he'd keep in touch .  But he didn't call or even write.   At least not unitl the night he was flipping through TV stations and found  his old professor's face staring back at him.  There was Morrie Schwartz  being interviewed by Ted Koppel on Nightline.  Morrie, once a man that  danced wildly among the college set in Boston, was dying from ALS (Lou  Gehrig's disease), but instead of folding up, Morrie chose not to go  quietly into that good night.  Instead surrounded by his family, friends,  colleagues, students and books, Morrie discoursed daily about &quot;this  business of dying.&quot;  When he came to the attention of Ted Koppel,  Morrie agreed to do a series of interviews for the public to learn mpore  about his disease,ideas and himself.<br />And so Mitch now knew where and what  his professor was up to and paid him the first of many visits.  Flying from  either his home or job as a sporswriter, Mitch would travel to Boston every  Tuesday where he spent the day with his mentor and essentially continued  his education with this is his professors final course.  The subjects they  discussed ranged from money to careers, family, values, love, self-pity and  dying.  And as Morrie weakens and approaches the end, Mitch is finally able  to put his own life into its proper perspective.<br />A poignant quote from  Morrie, &quot;We have to know about dying in order to live.&quot;<br />A warm  and very moving book.  Makes me wish I had a professor like Morrie  Schwartz.
B000003CMB|5.0|My initial reaction upon hearing this album was &quot;wow.&quot;  The first three songs are good but not overly exciting.  It took until the fourth song for me to be completely amazed.  I stopped all that i was doing  for the rest of hte album and just listened to the music.  Hotlanta,  Elizabeth Reed, and Whipping Post are some of the best rock jams i've ever  heard.  My favorite song on the album is probably Elizabeth Reed.  I would  recommend this album to anyone.  If I had to compare this album to other  bands, I'd probably say that it's like Lynyrd Skynyrd doing a Grateful Dead  jam.  Buy this album and you won't be disappointed.
158234082X|5.0|Having been a fan of Bourdain's books for years, I was thrilled to find Kitchen Confidential. I loved his behind-the-scenes revelations and laughed out loud more times than I can count. I found his remarks about Emeril  Lagasse hilarious. I was thinking while I read this book that I felt like I  was right there throughout his many restaurant jobs. His writing style is  superb and loaded with caustic wit. Anthony, this book deserves an encore!
0802130208|4.0|This is one of those books where you have to look at the characters as secondary to the story \\"environment\\".  The characters are sketched out externally but as some reviewers mentioned, not in any depth.  And that was OK for this story.  <br /> <br />The key to this story is the referred work by Bathius.  Ignatius was the focal point for what seemed to be a series of coincidences, or as he would say, \\"spins of Fortuna's wheel\\".  But in the end, you can see that all these seemingly random events all worked out for the best for each character even amongst Ignatius's meddling and bumbling.  Referring to Bathius, it truly was man's view vs. God's view. Everyone got what was coming to them, whether the character be good or evil. Except Ignatius.  Look at the havoc he reeked in the small LA town - and now he's off to New York!  He never saw himself as others saw him - clueless and arrogant - and in spite of his education, without ambition or a 'cause' it was impotent.  He was at the mercy of man's \\"fate\\" or God's \\"Design\\". <br /> <br />I would have left out the very small chapters on Professor Talc.  I think he was trying to show that Prof. Talc had become the very Ignatius he had despised but it just didn't seem to work well into the rest of the story.  I thought maybe that the girl may have been one of Mr. levy's daughters or that Mr. Talc might be Mr. Wilson's teacher son but no.  I also saw a lot of 'Atlas Shrugged' in the character Mrs. Levy. <br /> <br />Worth reading and then coming back to it again later.
B000002UAU|1.0|This is the album self-deluded Beetles fans love to point to as their work of genious. Lemon and McCarthy were alledgedly at the top of their form.<br />Oh, come now!<br />It's a quaint period piece; a relic of the sixties.  The music sounds dated. It's nostalgia, but nostalgia ain't art!<br />You'd do  better to get &quot;Pet Sounds&quot;, written, arranged, and produced by a  REAL genious: Brian Wilson. It sounds as fresh and sophisticated today as  when it was first released.<br />Future generations will revere Brian Wilson's  music the way Beethoven's is revered now. The Beetles will be a mere  footnote in history if they get mentioned at all.<br />Save your money, and  pick up &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; instead; you'll be glad you did.<br />- Mean  Mr. Mustard
B00003Q43A|3.0|ID4 was a fun event movie.  A popcorn-muncher roller coaster kind of film.  Not one that anyone should bother with thinking about too deeply.  It is the cinematic equivalent of going on a ride at a carnival.  Lots of show,  but not too much else.  That being said, what is interesting is how many  people have had such strong differing responses to this movie.  I've read  several reviews condemning the film for Racial stereotypes, particularly  Will Smith &amp; Judd Hirsch.  And yet in Israel the movie was praised for  these exact same portrayals -- &quot;Here we have a movie in which a Black  man and a Jewish man save the world.&quot;  In other nations of the  Mid-East the film was condemned for that very same reason -- &quot;Only in  America would they dare to make a movie where a Black man and a Jewish man  save the world.&quot;  Several of those countries cut out as much of the  Judaism elements as possible. Another bit of irony is the pro-smoking  message in the movie.  Cigars are regarded as a &quot;victory dance.&quot;  This is ironic because in Dean Devlin &amp; Roland Emmerich's previous  feature, &quot;Stargate,&quot; cigarettes are equated with death. Other  bits of criticism seem unfair.  In one of the reviews above, for example,  the critic mentions how Will Smith just happened upon his girlfriend in the  ruins of L.A.  He missed the part where Smith told her he would meet her at  the Air Force Base.  The film shows her and a few other survivor going to  the base, which was also destroyed.  But Smith did know to go there &amp;  look. I still would like to know how Hirsch &amp; Jeff Goldblum managed to  drive from New York to D.C. in 5 hours, however. One great extra on the DVD  is the alternate ending footage where Randy Quaid flies his Bi-Plane into  battle against the Alien ship.  The directors cut it because, among other  reasons, they felt the sight of an old, outmoded plane flying among  sophisticated F-18s &amp; the alien fighters would be just too silly.  An  odd thought considering the rest of the film.  I did, however, agree with  the other reasons for changing it.  I just wish they could have come to a  decent compromise to keep that bi-plane in. I would also like to add, as  much as I enjoyed this movie on DVD, the one I am really looking forward to  is JAWS!  Now there is a great Popcorn movie!o silly.  An  odd thought considering the rest of the film.  I did, however, agree with  the other reasons for changing it.  I just wish they could have come to a  decent compromise to keep that bi-plane in. I would also like to add, as  much as I enjoyed this movie on DVD, the one I am really looking forward to  is JAWS!  Now there is a great Popcorn movie!
B00000F14B|5.0|This was a very well done movie, (actually, I watched the DVD) and I fully reccommend it.
B00003W8NM|5.0|If you like the DVD experience and enjoy the extra stuff that comes along with most of them, then this is a DVD for you. TONS of extra little goodies, so many that they had to be put on a separate DVD. The film is  great also, but I am so happy with the total package and all it includes.   As I said, they should do every dvd this way.
B00000J6AG|5.0|Just a short note to 'a music fan of middle america'. I brought this album in May 99, which means I know it has been around for well over a year now. During that time, not a week has gone by where I have not listened to it at  least a couple of times. It is a breathtaking album, magnificent and  downright funky in equal measures. Just listen to My Weakness! Just listen  to it! <br />It rose slowly throught the charts, bouyed up by word of mouth  recommendations. It then got to the top here in the UK and has stayed there  for the past four weeks or so. If you call that a passing fad, well...I'm  not quite sure what you know what you mean. How, then, would you define all  those artists who release a couple of singles that go to the top for a week  and immediatley fade into obscurity? a 'passing very very very very quickly  fad', perhaps?
6303039456|5.0|Disney shows why it is the top movie company for producing great family entertinment with this movie about four Jamaican men, who, when three of them are deprived of the opportunity to compete at the 1988 Summer  Olympics, decide to field a bobsledding team for the 1988 Winter Olympics.   This idea is laughable to everyone but them as they strive to be taken  seriously, however, through sheer perseverance they gain the respect of  their coach, their families, their countrymen, and their fellow Olympians,  proving to themselves and everyone else around them that you are still a  winner even if you don't finish first.
6305750750|4.0|George Lucas knew very well that making VHS edition is much cheaper then the DVD. So he made 1.5 million of these he knows will sell like hotcakes. Then he will make the DVD and everyone will buy that too(rightfully so). He  is just trying to squeeze the bucks out from those who are impatient to get  the movie for home-viewing. Only our patience for the DVD will defeat his  greed. As If he needs the money, he is already a multi-hundred millionaire.
6302794331|5.0|I loved this take off of the classic Christmas Carol.. They have some humor,  plus there is a lot of drama in it too... When Love is Gone sequence has me crying each and every time. The Scenes with Tiny Tim also  show just how precous that life really is... This is by far the best video  to be put out from the Henson Company
0140277447|5.0|The book is an excellent account of what the Japanese did during their invasion of China and what they continue to deny, officially and unofficially, to this day. <br />I also refer to the two previous reviews  submitted here. In his critique of the book, Mr. Gilbert Konishi found it  necessary, for some reason, to bring up the matter of Tibet. <br />Is Mr.  Konishi suggesting that, because of what happened in Tibet, the Chinese  bloody well deserved all the atrocities committed against them a decade and  a half BEFORE? What did the hundreds of thousands of innocent victims of  the Rape of Nanking have to do with Tibet anyway? Was it right that they  were slaughtered and raped and multilated in a holocaust because of  something that took place at a later point in history? <br />It's one thing to  see China as the Evil Empire; it's quite another to endorse the depravity  and bestiality committed against the people of Nanking just because they  happen to be Chinese, Mr. Konishi. Or is your last name warping your sense  of humanity and history?<br />In the review before Mr. Konishi's, Toui from  Japan disputes many assertions made by Iris Chang in her book. The only  reference on which his arguments are based is a little-known historical  work by a Mr. Fujioka and a Mr. Higashinakauo. <br />Toui, therefore, is  relying solely on the word of the Japanese themselves, who are, of course,  world-renowned for distorting and revising history to serve their own  purposes (the glossing over of the Rape of Nanking itself in Japanese high  school textbooks being just one of many examples.) <br />Whatever happened to  the balanced, both-sides-of-the-story approach to history? If there are  inaccuracies in Iris Chang's book, there's nothing in Toui's argument that  can prove that either.
0062502182|2.0|I understand that this book is meant to be read as a fable, but if that is the case, why does the author insist on spelling everything out for the reader on virtually every single page? Every step of Santiago's journey is  so painfully obvious, this feels more like a self-help book with a  &quot;plot&quot; thrown on top than a fully thought out novel.  Yes, it  does contain some basic truths, but that does not make for good reading.   Furthermore, unless one is completely un-self-aware, one probably has an  idea of what some of these truths are in the first place. But I suppose  that's why it's so popular - people caught up in the rat race pick this  book up and are convinced they've &quot;seen the light.&quot;
B000002IST|3.0|There are a lot of good moments on this CD.  Some parts of &quot;Driving the Last Spike&quot;, all of &quot;Dreaming While You Sleep&quot;, and instrumental parts of &quot;Living Forever&quot; and &quot;Fading  Lights&quot;.  However, because of the fact that Genesis's image in the  early 90's was pure pop, it seems as if they began to try to sound like a  pop band.  Banks's main synthesizer, which wasn't all that great sounding  in the first place, is almost completely droned out by Collins's voice.   Also, I'm sure that Steve Hackett would never use a guitar that sounded  like Rutherford's guitar on this album.  It was too soft sounding, which  led to soft-sounding songs (&quot;Never a Time&quot;, &quot;Hold on My  Heart&quot;, &quot;Since I Lost You&quot;, etc.).  It's a shame, because  songs like &quot;No Son Of Mine&quot;, &quot;Jesus He Knows Me&quot;, and  even &quot;Way of the World&quot; would probably sound much better with  rock-sounding instruments rather than pop-sounding instruments.  All in  all, it's still probably worth whatever the price tag says it's worth.
B00000JBFW|2.0|I bought this album at once, back in 1986. AS most Purple fans, I was anxious to have this album featuring their best line-up. I listened to it and I loved it. But after a while, thinking with my head and not my heart,  I realised this is not a good album at all, except for &quot;KNOCKING AT  YOUR BACK DOOR&quot; (a classic in rock forever), &quot;PERFECT  STRANGERS&quot;, &quot;UNDER THE GUN&quot; and &quot;GYPSYS KISS&quot;.  The rest are fillers, pure fillers.
0140277447|5.0|If you want a glimpse of the decidedly unrepentent Japanese attitude towards what their country did during WWII, just read through all the reviews here posted by Japanese readers. <br />The typical Japanese reaction  to Iris Chang's book ranges from blind hostility to outright denial to  accusations against the author of historical fabrications. <br />Quite a few  bring up the invasion of Tibet, a later and totally unrelated historical  event, in a pitiable and bizarre attempt to somehow gloss over the  horrendous barbarisms committed by the Japanese in Nanking. <br />Still others  resort to the ultimate insult, charging that most of the roughly 20 million  Chinese (a figure accepted by many Western scholars) who died in WWII were  actually killed by other Chinese in factional fighting, not by the invading  Japanese army.<br />And then, of course, there are those who choose to  remember only the atomic bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki at the end of  the war and not the events that caused it, which enables them to make the  absurd claim that they, the Japanese, were the real victims of the  war.<br />Sadly, even in the face of overwhelming and incontrovertible  evidence of Japanese war crimes, these attitudes are very pervasive among  all classes of the Japanese people, from their government leaders on down.    <br />If the Japanese ever hope to transcend mere yen power and gain the  respect of other peoples as a truly upright, enlightened, civilized nation,  they would do well to face up to, and take responsibility for, history and  their own past.<br />(For those who want a more in-depth look at present-day  Japan's revisionist attitude towards WWII, I also recommend two other  books: Pearl Harbour Ghosts and The Wages of War.)
6302610702|5.0|THE GODFATHER: Mario Puzo's Popular Novel Comes To Life In Artful Fashion...Filmed In Foreboding Tones, The Film Takes Us Into The Lurid World Of The Mafia...Marlon Brando Won An Oscar For His Performance, But  It's Al Pacino Who Grabs Your Attention With An Unnerving Intensity... THE  GODFATHER, PART II: This Is A Sequel That Equals The Quality Of The  Original, An Almost Almost Unheard Of Circumstance In Hollywood...Director  Francis Ford Coppola Skillfully Meshes Past And Present, Intercutting The  Story Of Young Don Corleone (Robert DeNiro), An Ambitious Immoral  Immigrant, And His Son Michael (Al Pacino), Who Lives Up To His Father's  Expectations, Turning The Family's Crime Orginizition Into A Sleek, Cold,  Modern Operation...This Gripping Film Won Seven Academy Awards... THE  GODFATHER, PART III: From The First Frame Of This Operatic, Shakespere  Influenced Final Chapter In The Screen's Finest Gangster Epic, We Are  Thrust Back Into The Larger Than Life World Of The Corleone Family...It Is  Two Decades After The Modern Day Events In &quot;Part II&quot;, And Don's  Son Michael (A Brilliant Performance By Al Pacino) Has Managed To Move The  Family Out Of Crime And Into Legitimate Enterprises...But Sinister Forces  Lurking Within His Empire Compel Michael To  Revert To His Old, Violent  Ways - With Tragic Consequences...
158234082X|4.0|If you caught one of Bourdain's interviews on the standard book-flogging tour, it probably emphasized the restaurateur expos nature of this book--- how restaurants recycle old fish, old bread, etc.  Kitchen Confidential is  much more than that.  Bourdain gives us an interesting view of what it is  like to be a professional cook, from the job itself, to the working  environment, to the often insane denizens of the kitchens of New York's  restaurants.  The narrative is loosely autobiographical, with Bourdain  sharing his often screamingly hilarious experiences and telling us what he  learned from them.  If you enjoyed Bourdain's interviews, you are really  going to enjoy this book, because he is even more likable and funny in his  writings, even though he and those he was worked with are far from perfect  human beings.<br />If you like reading this kind of nuts and bolts narrative  of life in a misunderstood profession, I also recommend Linda Greenlaw's  book The Hungry Ocean.  Same great stories, same sort of crazed  non-politically correct cast, same clear and interesting writing except  that it is about the commercial fishing industry.
B000002WCJ|4.0|This is the best HELLOWEEN album, a classic metal album that orientated a vast ammount of bands that followed. It has creativity, great lyrics, great solos, great vocals, great drumming. After this, nothing was the same for  Helloween..
0787113077|5.0|To my mind, this is one of the best works in all of English literature.  Oscar Wilde is a artist who uses the page as his canvas and the written word as his paint.  His wit cuts at the human condition like a scalpel with  depth and precision.  Dorian Gray is his finest work.<br />This is a Faustian  tale of a man who utters an oath offering his soul for the youth portrayed  in a painting of him, if only it would age instead of he.  He discovers  that the wish has been granted, only he gets more than he requested, as the  painting shows not only the marks of age, but also the marks upon his soul  as he slips into a hedonistic and odious life.<br />I have read a lot of  criticism of this book by modern and especially young readers as being slow  and boring.  This is much like the criticism of a beer guzzler describing a  fine wine.  \\"Forget the bouquet and refined taste, just give me my buzz.\\"  This story, and the subtle philosophies contained within, need to be sipped  deliberately and relished.  There is page after page of astute insight into  the paradoxes and ironies of society and the mysteries of being human.  To  be bored with this is to be insensate to life's depth and meaning.<br />Many  have also criticized the book as espousing hedonism and attacking Victorian  society especially at the time it was written.  Such critics wrongly assume  that Lord Henry is Wilde's mouthpiece for a fatalistic and cynical  philosophy.  Actually, the exact opposite is true.  The cynic is the one  being satirized, not society.<br />Lord Henry uses paradoxical aphorisms to  bolster his sardonic view.  However, they are specious and self validating  arguments that look at the small truths about the world and draw the wrong  conclusion.  Rather than assume that these eccentricities and foibles are  things that we can and should rise above, he draws the conclusion that we  should embrace and accept our instinctive weaknesses.  He ignores the  higher truths and points out instead how the capitulation to our own  desires sets us free.  Wilde's refutation of this philosophical connivance  comes in the person of Dorian Gray.<br />Dorian was Lord Henry's  prot&eacute;g&eacute;.  He was living the life that Harry espoused (but ironically didn't  live himself).  And what was the result of Dorian's decadence?  He lived a  life of torment and self loathing.  He agonized over the hideous marks on  his soul as catalogued by the portrait with each dastardly deed.  Wilde is  telling us that this is what such self indulgence and cynicism about life  and society brings.  His message is that a civilized society, with all its  inconsistencies, paradoxes and ironies, is preferable and superior to  living like an animal.  By smiting Dorian, he is really smiting Lord Henry  and everything he advocates.  He is making a case for the soul over the  body; intellect over instinct.<br />This is an exquisite and thought provoking  treasure that is every bit as relevant now as it was almost a century ago  when it was written.  I have read it a number of times through the years  and I never tire of it.  As I have gotten older and more experienced, its  truths have become more vivid and resonant.  If you've never read it, pick  it up and savor it.  Don't rush through it for the plot.  Ponder it as you  read.  If you have already read it, put it away and try it again in five or  ten years.  You may discover new meaning, and much that you missed.  That's  the beauty of a timeless novel.  Its wisdom will wait patiently until  you've had time to catch up.how the capitulation to our own  desires sets us free.  Wilde's refutation of this philosophical connivance  comes in the person of Dorian Gray.       <br />Dorian was Lord Henry's  protg.  He was living the life that Harry espoused (but ironically didn't  live himself).  And what was the result of Dorian's decadence?  He lived a  life of torment and self loathing.  He agonized over the hideous marks on  his soul as catalogued by the portrait with each dastardly deed.  Wilde is  telling us that this is what such self indulgence and cynicism about life  and society brings.  His message is that a civilized society, with all its  inconsistencies, paradoxes and ironies, is preferable and superior to  living like an animal.  By smiting Dorian, he is really smiting Lord Henry  and everything he advocates.  He is making a case for the soul over the  body; intellect over instinct.<br />This is an exquisite and thought provoking  treasure that is every bit as relevant now as it was almost a century ago  when it was written.  I have read it a number of times through the years  and I never tire of it.  As I have gotten older and more experienced, its  truths have become more vivid and resonant.  If you've never read it, pick  it up and savor it.  Don't rush through it for the plot.  Ponder it as you  read.  If you have already read it, put it away and try it again in five or  ten years.  You may discover new meaning, and much that you missed.  That's  the beauty of a timeless novel.  Its wisdom will wait patiently until  you've had time to catch up.
B000000H42|5.0|In a word, this is the most unholy music ever recorded.  One listen and you will be gauranteed a place in Hell.  The pearly gates will never open for you once you swear &quot;the oath&quot;   contrary to popular belief  the lyics arent childish or stupid, but instead explore all aspects of the  occult, while the gutiar work is simply amazing.  this is diamond's best  work. LONG LIVE THE KING!
B00000IAU3|5.0|I am interested in purchasing this CD exclusively for the &quot;Here With Me&quot; song. However, the CD version doesn't sound like the radio and television version from the show Roswell.  Can anyone who owns this CD and  has heard the radio version post and tell me if they are the same?  Thank  you.  (Please disregard my rating.)
B000005RTR|3.0|THis is a good live recording by Whitesnake, featuring footage from two shows recorde around 1980. It has the best band material ever, because soon after this they completely sold out to the mainstream. It has Jon Lord and  Ian Paice form Purple, along with Bernie Marsden and Micky Moody on  guitars.
B00003CX6P|3.0|If you add up all the various aspects of this film, it should have been terrific.  It had a hot and talented young cast, all of whom gave good to great performances.  It had wonderful locations, costumes, props and music.   It had an intriguing plot.  And yet by the end all I felt was  ennui.<br />This was a case of a director who couldn't induce the full  potential out of his various resources.  Anthony Minghella does a fine job  on the cinematography and choice of beautiful locations in Italy, but his  crafting of the story left it predictable and flaccid.  This was supposed  to be both a character study and a thriller.  It was inadequate on both  counts.<br />In a well made character study the viewer will come to understand  the motivations of the characters.  This film never delivers in this  regard.  The only character that was well developed was Dickie (Jude Law).   Marge (Gwyneth Paltrow) was a mystery, just a hanger on.  Meredith (Cate  Blanchett) was nothing more than a plot device.  But the biggest reason it  came up short was because the motivation of Ripley (Matt Damon) was left  too ambiguous.  Was Ripley a cunning con man orchestrating a grand caper,  an inept interloper who bungled his way through a propitious opportunity, a  victim of circumstances, an unrequited gay lover who committed a crime of  passion and then needed to cover his trail?  Take your pick.  Minghella  doesn't tell the story in a way that makes this clear.<br />As a thriller, it  lacked surprise.  Every murder was telegraphed.  The private investigator  gives Ripley a pass at the end, obviating the need for Ripley to provide  some clever explanation for all the inconsistencies.  There was not a  single twist in the entire film.    It had all the intrigue of playing open  handed bridge.<br />For all the raves I've read about Matt Damon's  performance, I found it rather uneven.  Sometimes he came across as a  clever mastermind and at others a wounded puppy.  It seemed like he wasn'treally sure how to play the character.  Again, I put the responsibility for  this on Minghella.  I'd call it a generally good performance of a difficult  character, but not even close to his dynamism in `Good Will Hunting'.  <br />This was a shining moment for Jude Law who gave a career performance as  Dickie.  He basically stole the show out from under Damon's nose.  He  endowed his character with exuberance, and a cavalier live-for-today  attitude that made him charismatic despite his callousness and  irresponsibility.  I enjoyed his performance in the unheralded `Music From  Another Room' but this one was even better.  If he keeps improving like  this, he will be a force to be reckoned with.<br />I rated this film a 6/10 on  the strength of Law's performance and the cinematography.  The telling of  the story fell flat and robbed this film of its real potential.
0790729733|4.0|This movie was one of the best movie's ever!   Although they don't really give you an answer of what happened.  The depiction was SUPERB!   Kevin Costner, Joe Pesci, John Candy, etc.  They were fantastic in this movie!    A little long...But you know what?  Over thirty years later, people are  still trying to figure it out...So I think 3 hours to explain what happened  is fantastic!
B000000OPZ|1.0|Altoough the musicians involved in this album are all great British accomplished guys (Sykes, Murray and Dunbar), it's a shame to hear COverdale,one of the most authentic rock voices of all time, turn into  Californian mainstream glam metal. Sad..  Anyway, there are great pices of  musical hability.
B00003CX9W|5.0|FANTASIA IS NOT ONE OF THOSE MOVIES WHERE JAKIE CHAN BEATS THE LIFE OUT OF A VILLIAN. IN 1942 WALT DISNEY THOUGHT OF MICKEY MOUSE AS BEING A BOY WHO IS A WIZARD'S ASSISTANT, HE WAS AMAZED BY HIS MAGIC. I FIND IT AMAZING THAT  PEOPLE STILL ENJOY THIS WONDERFUL FILM TODAY!
6303430570|5.0|One Comment to Kevin Smith if you are reading....You should have kept the original ending as is!   I thought that the original ending made the movie even more great!   If that is the way you envisioned it...you  should have kept it.  The movie is phenomenal though.  I loved it!   If  you get this movie, make sure you get the copy with the original ending.
B00000J2SP|1.0|Unfortunately, I guess Blackmore (who always was famous as being a kind of &quot;ego&quot; man) let singer Lynn TUrner take a great part of the helm of this production... The result: love lyrics all the way along the album:  &quot;I SURRENDER&quot;, &quot;MAGIC&quot; (the worst song ever recorded by  Rainbow - it seems like Kansas or Journey), &quot;CANT HAPPEN HERE&quot; -  all horrible. THe only good point is the instrumental song at the end.
B000002TPS|5.0|This is one of Megadeths strongest albums, and it is full of great songs. There's great variety here with excellent head banging material like Reckoning Day to brilliant acoustic/heavy songs like A Tout Le Monde. If  you do not have this album buy it now. Also Megadeth are soooooooo much  better than Metallica.
B000002KHF|5.0|While I must point out the fact that Van Morrison's &quot;Astral Weeks&quot; is at the beginning very hard to approach, this album makes you dance under the moon immediately. The first five songs are all polished  until they shine intensely and their allure leaves no one untouched. Truly,  each and every one of these five songs has the potential of making you sit  down and listen to it over and over again. Not to say that the final five  songs are bad - they're just not as strong. Anyway, this album will  certainly not disappoint you - it is a jazzy, bluesy classic record made by  a genius in his best. Be hypnotized by the scarily beautiful &quot;Into the  mystic&quot; and astouned by the natural and simple perfection of  &quot;Crazy love&quot;, &quot;Caravan&quot; and &quot;Moondance&quot;.
B000003N89|5.0|Diana Krall's voice lends a wide variety of emotions to this CD.  It is masterful work, and seemingly, quite effortless on her part.  You simply can't go wrong with this material! Diana is a treat to listen to, of that  there is no doubt.  For me, &quot;You Call It Madness&quot; makes the whole  disc worthwhile.
6303965415|5.0|I've watched this film several times in the last 3 months and enjoyed it each time -- for me, this is the test of a movie.  It's a slow-moving, thoughtful movie, filled with silences the viewer must use their  perceptions to enjoy.  Yes, it would be lovely if Frederick and Anne had  more romantic bits together; however, it wouldn't be Jane Austin if this  happened.  I enjoy the faithfulness of the production that allows me to  glimpse life in another time and another place.
6303921248|5.0|I have seen this movie 38 times and it gets better every time I watch it.  I could not imagine a more delightful adaptation, with a superb, brilliant cast.  Truly the best series I have every seen.  I first saw it when I was  11 - and loved it.  Suitable for teenagers, kids, adults, male or female,  whatever.  After watching the series, I suggest that you buy the book  &quot;The Making of Pride and Prejudice&quot;.
B000031WD9|5.0|Watching American Pie brought back a lot of movie-watching memories for me, of the crazy time known as the mid-80s when HBO (virtually the only cable station at the time) would play really funny &quot;teen&quot; sex  comedies late at night, and a good time was had by all.  It's hard to call  American Pie &quot;art,&quot; but it is definitely  &quot;entertainment,&quot; a rare commodity these days.  The film moves  along at an agreeable pace with many sight gags.  The characters were not  the most three-dimensional figures ever to be found on film, but there was  enough variety to ensure that every viewer might see one or two people that  reminded him or her of someone they knew from their own high school days.   The scene where the guy took the laxative and ran like a demon to the  restroom (only to discover too late it was the girls' room) is one of the  four or five funniest scenes I've seen in any movie.  The DVD has running  commentary from the directors and most of the principal cast members which  is a riot--tantamount to hanging out with four overgrown frat boys rather  than serious auteurs.
0767903854|4.0|While not as funny as his previous books, it is so well-written that it is still a joy to read. Missing, however, is the danger of strangers thinking you to be insane as you read the book in public laughing hysterically to  yourself. Too bad. Not quite 5 stars, but I'd give it 4 1/2 if I could.
B00000DGRX|5.0|I can say very little about this album which has not already been said.  Deep Purple's Machine Head is one of the finest albums ever produced in the hard rock/classic rock/heavy metal genres.  It cemented Deep Purple's  popularity around the world (their first major US success in addition to an  expected hit in Europe and Japan) and remains the disc to which all their  other titles are compared and judged.  All their absolute biggest  hits--&quot;Smoke on the Water,&quot; &quot;Space Truckin',&quot;  &quot;Lazy,&quot; and the indestructable &quot;Highway Star,&quot; are  found herein, plus some of the finest solos ever produced by Ritchie  Blackmore.<br />Chances are, Gentle Reader, you know this already.  So why  purchase this new edition?  Because it sounds ten times better than the  original CD.  Although the album was recorded in December 1971 (in the  lobby of an abandoned hotel), it could have been recorded on DAT two weeks  ago, so well do all the instruments stand out and meld together.  From the  opening chords of &quot;Highway Star,&quot; it is clear that this is a far  superior Machine Head, capable of allowing even the most jaded listener an  opportunity to hear everything again &quot;for the first time.&quot;  What  little studio banter remains is included, plus alternate guitar solos for  &quot;Smoke on the Water&quot; (actually a tad more laconic than the one we  all know and love) and &quot;Maybe I'm A Leo&quot; (more aggressive).   &quot;When A Blindman Cries,&quot; one of Purple's most exquisite ballads  by any lineup, also appears at the end for posterity, having been relegated  to b-side status back in 1972.<br />Some purists will not like some of the  remixing done on this edition.  I direct these nay-sayers to the second  disc, which is simply the album REMASTERED, not remixed.  This CD is  superior enough to the Warner Bros late '80s reissue to warrant the extra  money spent.  There are also a few quadrophonic mixes tacked to the end of  Disc2 as a gratis (take it or leave it).<br />If all this is not enough, the  sleeve notes are some of Simon Robinson's finest, even if he writes purple  (forgive the pun) prose at times.  Clearly in love with his subject matter  (as am I!), one never ceases to learn something new from his liner notes.   Bassist Roger Glover is also kind enough to write down everything he can  possibly remember about the events surrounding the making of the  album.<br />Machine Head is a classic for the ages, and this expanded edition  will achieve the status of holy bible for all fans of Deep Purple.
B00004UFEM|4.0|Hey! I am one of da biggest blink fans out there...so right off da bat i liked this cd...well kinda... c i already owned buddha, dude ranch, and cheshire cat, and enema, the normal one, already..i bought this purely for  the extra tracks and frankly...i wuz pretty unhappy...whiel any new songs  by blink r good...thse oens lacked the good sounds of da rest of da cd...i  guess dat would explain why they didn;t make it onto the USA version...so  if u are THE BIGGEST BLINK FAN! then buy it cuz da extra songs...although  not their best...are still good blink songs...but if u just wanna try blink  i suggest the original english enema that way u save sumthing like 20 bucks  for it!
0618001905|3.0|Hochschild really opened my eyes about the tragedy in the Belgian Congo, and for that I'm very thankful I was introduced to(well, made to read actually) :) this book.  Hochschild puts a very personal face on the Congo  but it seems a bit shallow.  It's filled with facts, but it doesn't seem to  encompass the whole picture. It's definately not the &quot;tell all, end  all&quot; on the subject.  This is a good read, filled with biographies,  but it is just a start.
B00000DFRS|5.0|i was around when whitney first burst onto the scene via mtv, and we were all impressed by her youthful energy and natural grace and talent. now, years later, she has made an album that lets us all know that her  impression was indeed lasting. this album is polished, her voice is poised,  the music is pure pleasure to hear, and the orchestrations are an excellent  match for her tremendous range. pop this cd into the car stereo, and your  journey will be a delight!
0385474547|2.0|I thought this book was very simple.  True, there's a lot of symbolism and deep thoughts between the lines, but I was not impressed.  It was, however, a great African look at an African life, which is unique.  It doesn't  deserve to be called a classic, but the story is pure and a great  experience to read.
B00004T9UF|5.0|I hope someday people will grow eyes to see beyond the actual language itself and hear NOT what he is saying LITERALLY, but what he is SAYING FOR REAL. I'm not gonna sit here and try to convince you of it, but I'll tell  you what. If you can understand, then you're miles ahead of the rest of the  pack.
1577311523|5.0|Eckhardt Tolle's \\"The Power of Now\\" is a compelling book about getting into the moment and accessing the power that resides there.  Tolle talks about pain and suffering as functions of the mind that we can let go of.  I  was struck by so many passages, including this one:  \\"So the single most  vital step on your journey toward enlightenment is this:  learn to  disidentify from your mind.  Every time you creat a gap in the stream of  mind, the light of your consciousness grows stronger.\\"  What I like here is  that the words themselves are both intriguing and resonant with an  inexplicable truth.  By saying yes to your life, to this moment, Tolle  explains your life will start working for you rather than against  you.<br />The book is written as a question and answer conversation with  Tolle, who converses clearly, patiently, and with compassion.  I highly  recommend this book - it can make a huge difference in your life!<br />Tolle  also points out  that while only you can bring yourself into the now,  finding someone who is intensely conscious and joining them in the state of  presence can accelerate things.  So I'd like to recommend a book by a  couple I've experienced as master trainers in getting into the moment.   It  is Ariel and Shya Kane's \\"Working of Yourself Doesn't Work:  A Book About  Instantaneous Transformation.\\"  This book is about having a magnificent  life and nothing less.  And while it seems too good to be true, I found  that the  three principles of transformation  the Kanes talk about touched  me so profoundly that I HAVE discovered my own magnificence.  No kidding!   Just by being in the moment, life becomes magical.  By becoming aware of  the mechanical behaviors that keep us out of the moment, we regain our  original freedom.  Read this book and the presence of the Kanes will seep  through and you'll feel how true and powerful their words are, and how  deeply they care about people and about the often-missed  possibility of  living with immeasurable joy, wellness, nourishing relationships, and  satisfaction.   And if you're ever in New York City, check out their  seminars - they are miraculous.
B00004TEWP|5.0|okay i am a huge britney fan. and i bet u are too. so here is the deal w/ this import cd. okay, the japanese import gives you three bonus songs not released on the us version.(you probably would have known that before i  told you) the songs are girl in the mirror, heart, and you got it all  anyway you got it all was actually supposed to be on baby...one more time  but jive cut it but here it is! it is a great cover of the jet's song if  you ask me. girl in the mirror sounds like from the bottom of my broken  heart, but it is still very good. heart is totally worth buying this cd  for. it is a heartful ballad that will surely leave a bunch of people with  tears. okay there u have it. if you liked the regular cd then you will die  over this one!
B00000JCOV|4.0|For a long time I had written off Slipknot as a fad band. They have nine members who all wear masks. I thought it was all a cover for a horrible band. Then I decided to buy it, mostly by reccomendations from my friends.  I was truly impressed. As thrash metal goes, this CD features a lot of  good, crunching, start and stop guitar riffs, coupled with very personal  and interesting lyrics. Songs like &quot;(Sic),&quot; &quot;Diluted&quot;  and my personal favorite &quot;Liberate&quot; all show a good mix of riffs,  percussion and lyrics. <br />I do have some problems, though. With nine  members, Slipknot has the problem of sounding too cluttered, and instead of  trying to be complex and layering their music, Slipknot decide to try and  create one big huge sound. They do succeed, but there was the potential for  more varied tracks. Another gripe is in the form of their singer, Corey. He  is very talented and has a great singing voice, as proven by &quot;Me  Inside,&quot; &quot;Scissors&quot; and the chorus of &quot;Wait and  Bleed.&quot; The problem is he doesn't use his singing voice enough or to  its true potential. He just ends up screaming, and while the screaming does  fit both the genre and the emotion of the songs, but it feels like Corey is  squandering his talents. A better balance of the two would have made for a  better, more interesting album.<br />Slipknot is a very good band, but they're  not quite up to their full potential yet. The album is perfect for when  you're angry at something, but otherwise it seems a little too much. If  they tone it down at spots and balance the album better, Slipknot could  grow to be the kings of the death metal scene.
6302798450|4.0|Army Of Darkness,great film,I thought of it more of a war movie,not much like the first two movies. This movie had a few cheesy stupid parts but overall i loved it.If you like horror/war/action i recomend this movie the  whole evil dead series is great
B00000099Y|5.0|I first heard Tool when I saw the &quot;Stinkfist&quot; (excuse me. &quot;Track #1&quot;) video on MTV. Sure it had cool claymation effects, but the thing that really seemed to stand out was the voice track. It was  downright beautiful. True, I had heard his voice before on the Rage Against  the Machine track &quot;Know Your Enemy,&quot; but I hadn't made the  connection yet. I later saw the videos for &quot;Sober&quot; and  &quot;AEnema&quot; and I was hooked.<br />Aenima came out in 96, and we still  haven't seen a new Tool album, but I really don't seem to mind. All Tool  tracks, whether they're from Aenima, Undertow or Opiate, have remarkable  staying power. They're so different from contemporary music that they  always seem fresh. There are two reasons for that, and they both revolve  around Tool's singer, Maynard James Keenan.<br />Maynard has the best voice in  the business. It's that simple. I've never heard another voice like it. The  notes can reach to soprano-like registers, and once it comes down to a  gutteral scream, he can truly chill the bones. The other reason for  Maynard's supremacy in music today involves his lyrics. They're tailored  more toward intellectuals, and when you know the story behind the songs,  they have a completely different, more interesting meaning. A perfect  example of this would be &quot;46 &amp; 2,&quot; the best song on the  album. There is a lot of shadow imagery, and the normal person would not  pick up on the true meaning. I read some books, and found out that 46 &amp;  2 stands for the chromosome mapping of an evolved form of the human,  capable of singular thought. The shadow also represents the darker side of  one's self. Maynard makes the listener think about what they're listening  to, and if you get it, it becomes much more of an experience.<br />Other  highlights of this amazing record include &quot;Third Eye,&quot; the 13  minute opus that closes the album, and &quot;Aenema,&quot; a more comical  tale about the hypocrisies of the state of California qand Maynard's wishes  to see it sink into the Pacific Ocean. These songs, as well as all the  other ones on the album provide a perfect mix of lyrics and guitar with a  driving rhythm section. Every project involving Maynard Keenan has always  been a special one, and Aenima is one of the best.
B00004T9UF|4.0|I LIKE EMINEM BUT IN THIS ALBUM HIS BEATS SOUND ALOT LIKE DRE'S BEATS IN THE CHRONIC 2001.HE CHANGED HIS STYLE IN 1 YEAR I DON'T KNOW HOW TO DESCRIBE IT IT'S LIKE IT'S MORE MELLOW OR SOMETHING.HERE'S THE GOOD TRACKS  2,3,5,7,8,10,15,17,18.9-18.
6304860447|4.0|(excerpts from a review by Joyce Wiswell, Video Rating Guide for Libraries)<br />Obviously a labor of love, the program stars a cute stray cat, who quickly becomes pregnant after being adopted... We get to watch as the  kittens are born - with the assistance of another cat acting as a kind of  midwife - then watch them grow into the inevitable: independent adult cats.  In the meantime we are treated to priceless scenes of adorable kittens  playing, fighting, and generally wreaking havoc. ... Highly recommended for  public libraries with patrons who are owned by cats.
B000002UJQ|5.0|This album is so beautiful...and I must emphasize on the word &quot;album&quot; because the record is a complete work that can only be fully appreciated by listening to it as a whole. Radiohead just never cease  to amaze with their constant innovation and progression as a band. I  recommend this album to anyone who has a love for music and not the modern  teen-pop that is currently all across the airwaves
0792151712|5.0|Take it from me, this is a nice movie to add to your video collection.  I have seen it many, many, times as I am a teen.  The music, sound, and digital effects are beautiful.  The story is not very complicated and its unrealistic, but what movie does well if its exactly what happens in life?   This movie did make $1.8 billion.  The story is simple: A rich bratty girl  named Rose[Winslet] is engaged to a rich guy named Cal [Billy Zane] and  then she falls in love with Jack [Leo DiCaprio].  But then of course the  setting is on the Titanic which makes things more interesting.  The ship  was built very precisely and looks much more beautiful in DVD.  There were  only two adultish parts.  I really liked it and I hope you do, too.
B000002I2G|4.0|I think that this is probably the best Doors album besides L.A. Woman. The reason that I didn't give it 5 stars is because Morrison wasn't at his best on this album but the rest of the band was. &quot;Touch Me&quot; written by  guitarist Robby Krieger is the best Doors song ever in my mind. Runnin'  Blues, Tell all the People, Wild Child, and Soft Parade are great songs as  well. If you buy this CD you'll be happy.
6305903182|5.0|I thought Scream 3 Was awsome but not as good as the first one but better than the second.  I loved the whole movie and I can't wait to get it on DVD so I could see the alternate ending, deleted scenes, and the making of all  3 scream movies. I really hope they don't make a Scream 4 because it would  make a great trilogy very bad.
B000003FD9|5.0|Of all the many versions of Bach's Cello Suites that I have listened to, Starker's is hands down my favorite.  In my opinion, Starker strikes the right balance between emotion and remaining true to the music.  Listen to  the Rostopovich's, Casals', du Pre's, etc. versions and you'll know what I  mean.  Starker's Suites are clean and ultimately satisfying.
B00000J7J4|1.0|Actually, I wouldn't give that girl any stars.  If they had &quot;0 star&quot; that's what I would give this CD.  It sounds exactly like her first CD. How can anyone like such an airhead? It's sad what the world has  come to. Britney Spears is a tramp. That's my opinion (and I know it's  right) so if you don't like it, I'm sorry. I truly am, because that means  that you like Britney Spears and I really feel sorry for you. You are a  loser. That's that. So anyone with any sense, do not listen to Britney  Spears. It is damaging to your mental health.  If you listen to Britney  Spears, your brain will begin to atrophy, leaving you with the intelligence  of a flea. I'm telling you this for your own safety, because I care. So  long
B00000JY1X|5.0|I bought this album on the strength of an interview with Stephin Merritt that I read in a magazine.  An interview!   Admittedly, it was an easier decision to make because the album is a lot cheaper on this side of the  Atlantic.  <br />I wanted to like it, and I did, so perhaps I'm biased.   Merritt and his boys and girls have produced what has to be the last great  album of the 90s.  Even if you find his clever rhymes and witty conceits  potentially off-putting, the album's sheer size overwhelms you (who would  release a triple album of love songs who didn't take love seriously on some  level?)  I'm not normally a fella for this kind of thing, but I laid back  and let it roll over me, and I feel the better for it.<br />Of course there  are a few duds.  I don't think the world is much richer for having a song  like &quot;World Love&quot; in it.  Nor am I a fan of cheesy electropop, so  I don't smile much when it's gently parodied.  But Merritt's Scott Walker  voice and sense of drama are perfect on a song like &quot;The Book of  Love&quot;, while &quot;Reno Dakota&quot; is an all-time favourite - sixty  seconds of banjo and bitterness.  &quot;Yeah! Oh Yeah!&quot; is a bizarrely  cheerful title for such a casually cruel song.  <br />Merritt has the rare  gift of great pop musicians, in that he makes it look incredibly easy.  The  great and lasting thing about this album (the reason why it gets so many  devoted fans) is that for all the anger and bile and despair herein, he  somehow manages to make love look easy, too.  That's quite a gift.
630542845X|5.0|i cannot believe some of the reviews i read about this film...this film is incredibly moving...the premise is unique,the story is worn but well done;if you like great,touching movies,you MUST see this one...
B000001FKY|5.0|Def Leppard's &quot;HYSTERIA&quot; has to go down as one of the most Memorable recordings of the 1980's. With classic tracks like &quot;WOMEN&quot;,&quot;ROCKET&quot; AND &quot;LOVE BITES&quot; It stands  out to be the band's best. After a long three year hiatus the long break  proved to be benifical for the group to compile and bring out some of the  best material in years. I Still listen to it often enough and i probbaly  listen to it more than any other Def Leppard  recording. Def Leppard is  still around today<br />making great music but their lateset release  &quot;EUROPHROIA&quot; is nowhere near the pinacle musical greatness of  &quot;HYSTERIA&quot;. Quite simply Def Leppard's all time best.
1878424432|5.0|To keep it short and simple - I carry this book with me every day!  It's wonderful.
B00001NFCY|1.0|The ascendency of Creed to multi-platinum status disturbs those of us in our late 20s who were around when talented bands like Nirvana, Pearl Jam and Alice in Chains blew away the then dominance of the hair matal bands  (Poison, Winger et al.) I'm saddened by the fact that a new generation of  music fans have been duped by the shameless way in which Creed has stolen  the sound of artists that changed the way rock music was heard and have  turned it into the soundtrack for millions of video game addled suburban  teenagers who think this stuff 'rocks.' Well, children, it doesn't so much  'rock' as mock a genre of music that was challenging, primal, and  occassionally ugly; in other words everything that Creed's music is not.  I  doubt the mall queens and frat boys will give up on this - they need  something to do stupid things to during the summer - but the rest of us can  wait out their popularity and go see Pearl Jam.
B00000JSJC|5.0|My all time favorite movie! I'm really not sure why, but the movie contains elements that really appeal to me. I don't know what these elements are either, but it's got to be something, because I really love  this movie. Maybe it is the action, the setting (a couple of days before  the end of the millenium) or the tiny chunk of romance? I don't know, and I  don't care either. The movie is the best one ever made, and you should see  it no matter what kind of films you usually watch.
B00001ZULV|3.0|This is a decent &quot;starter&quot; album for those not familiar with the group's work. It could have been better, however, in that it could have given a larger sample space of the group's work to indoctrinate newcomers  and move people who own the group's bestsellers to buy their less-popular  albums.<br />There are 2 ways this could have been accomplished. The first way  (and my choice) would be to make this a double album, flesh out all the  songs to full-length versions (&quot;Mama&quot; and &quot;Abacab&quot;, for  instance, are pared-down single releases), and include these lesser-known  singles: &quot;The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway&quot;, &quot;Squonk&quot;,  &quot;Your Own Special Way&quot;, &quot;Go West Young Man&quot;, &quot;No  Reply At All&quot;, &quot;Man on the Corner&quot;, &quot;Paperlate&quot;,  &quot;Illegal Alien&quot;, &quot;Taking It All Too Hard&quot; and  &quot;Just A Job To Do&quot;. Even &quot;Shipwrecked&quot; and &quot;Not  About Us&quot; could have been included from the group's newest,  largely-ignored release.<br />Choice #2, and the more likely of the 2 given  the group's recent commercial failure, would be to reduce the number of  songs from &quot;Invisible Touch&quot; and &quot;We Can't Dance&quot;, the  group's most popular releases, to 2 songs apiece on this collection, and  include &quot;Squonk&quot;, &quot;Your Own Special Way&quot;, &quot;No  Reply At All&quot; and &quot;Paperlate&quot; in place of the deleted items.  This would have given newcomers reason to &quot;want more&quot; of both the  more popular and more obscure stuff--plus casual fans are already more  likely to own &quot;Invisible Touch&quot; and &quot;We Can't Dance&quot;  anyway. All in all, though, this is a good starter album, and longtime fans  will love the reworking of &quot;The Carpet Crawlers&quot;. Get it if you  can.
B00003CWOL|1.0|Just the sexy, heavenly muse played by Salma Hayek wouldnormally be enough for me to scream out loud and give this movie aclean 5 on the scoreboard, but I don't. This film did nothing for me. I think I laughed twice during the whole film and that's not enough. Chris Rock does his best to make us laugh at the bad jokes this great comedian is stuck with and Salma Hayek tries to look as sexy as humanly possibly, but it's not enough.  Linda Fiorentino delivers well below average acting as she stumbles through the story as Bethany (be sure to be out for more popcorn when she tries to play drunk). And please, let's not even mention Smith Mewes and his pathetic character, Jay.<br />One of the reasons I didn't like this movie a bit, might be because of a certain individual sitting three chairs to my right at the cinema. I have never, ever in my whole life heard anyone (or anything for that matter) with such a terrible laughter and I hope I will never hear him ever again. He laughed with his whole body and soul and it sounded like an old steam engine and a jumbo jet colliding in mid air then falling 10.000 feet to crash land in an amusement park. And the more he laughed, the more I wanted to walk over to him and kick him real hard. <br />That said, if Dogma had been a real good movie, I had never noticed &quot;Laughterman&quot;. Dogma was not a real good movie. Stay clear of this one. There are brick walls more amusing than this film. And Alanis Morissette as God? Gimme a break...
B000000OF6|5.0|Queen - Greatest Hits One and Two will probably, if you so choose to purchase it, be the last &quot;greatest hits&quot; compilation of Queen that you will ever purchase. The moment you put side one into your CD  player, you know this is Queen. Bohemian Rhaspody and Another One Bites the  Dust, my personal favourites, top off this side, with the fabulous music  stylings of the band clearly apparent through out, ending with the ever  popular We Will Rock You and We are the Champions. Side two kicks to a  start with A Kind of Magic and Under Pressure. It is extremely noticeable  from the start of the second side that it is very &quot;eighties&quot;. I  was generally dissapointed with side two, although the songs are very  creative. In conclusion, I would extremely recommend this Queen compilation  for avid supporters and new listeners alike. You will not be dissapointed  with this purchase.
B00004T9UH|5.0|I think that any person in their right mind should have this cd. It is so emotional. Eminem does swear a lot in this cd, but that's just his way of expressing his feelings. He is a wonderful rapper, and this cd is definatly  worth the money that you'll pay for it!
044651652X|1.0|This book was a huge fad when it first was published.  It was not worth the hype.  I agree with the reader below that the plot was contrived.  I didn't find the characters all that sympathetic, but then I don't much like  stories that romanticize adultery.  However, I disagree in that I didn't  think this book was all that well-written.  The prose was too flowery and  included some ridiculously cliched metaphors.  Go ahead and read it if you  really want to, but I'd suggest the paperback (it won't cost much) or  better yet, just check it out of your local library.
B0000296SI|5.0|I was shopping around on the web for some music when I came across Blink-182- &quot;Enema of the State.&quot; It looked good, so I decided to buy it.<br />When I got the CD 3 days later and listened to it, I didn't  regret that I had bought it. The CD was great and had many good songs. MY  favories were Aliens exist, going away to college, what's my age again,  adam's song, all the small things, and anthem. All the other ones or good  too, but I like those the best. <br />Even though I had to buy the edited  version, it still is good. It doesn't cut out half of the stuff. It still  says wh**e, b**ch, and other things. IF you love cussing and you have to  get the edited version, you won't be dissapointed. The only thing is cuts  out is f**k.<br />Anyway, it was a great buy. I absolutely LOVE the CD. If you  like Third Eye Blind, Green Day, and maybe a little of Limp Bizkit, you'll  love this CD. (Blink-182- is milder then Limp Bizket, though)
0767903854|3.0|His other books I have really enjoyed - this I found dry and droll.<br />Brysons books would not make me want to visit any of the places he describes.  I find that they are helpfull when they are about places you  already familiar with.  They tend to make you look twice at the impressions  you have already made.<br />For me being English and moving to California -  &quot;Notes from a Small Island&quot; and &quot;Notes from a Big  Country&quot; hit the spot.
B00004SST6|5.0|In reading some of the other reviews, I can earnestly agree that Benson's sound is not like it was when he first started gaining recognition back in the early 60s.  At this time he played with Jack McDuff and since that  time, he has incorporated growth and hence, his trademark octave play with  the 5th inserted.<br />This is cool and sets him apart from Norman Brown and  others.  He is changing but NOT radically.  Change is good as is this CD.   The CD is great and it is not nearly as bombastic as some of the alleged  &quot;Santana&quot; remarks would suggest.<br />I like Santana, but even if  Benson tried to take his playing down to Santana's &quot;Ned and The First  Reader&quot; level, he would STILL sound great!  I'm NOT bespattering  Santana, but simply making a rather common-sense point and those who know  music clearly should understand the basis and impetus behind the comment in  written prose.<br />The CD is fresh while owning much of the stuff Benson's  listenership wants from older releases!  Great job George!  <br />Drive on!  Brian G. Jett
6304119046|5.0|There are simnply no words left in any lexicon to describe the greatest of all films. Its all things to all viewers, some things to many viewers and a meloncholy lament to real Wells, fans.<br />How does one start at the top and  work your way down in Hollywood? The answer is in veiwing the  aforementioned video on the making of &quot; Citizen Kane&quot; <br />Imagine,  its 1942, you have just left the movie house after viewing &quot;Citizen  Kane&quot; , a film the likes of which you have never seen before..and will  never see again.<br />Accordingly, lets just think about some of the dialogue  in this greatest of greats to try to understand the sheer dimension of this  film! <br />William Alland: &quot; no,,,I dont think one word can describe a  mans life&quot; Joe Cotten: &quot; Charlie Kane...huh..no he just wanted to  convince everyone that they should love him&quot;  Wells,: &quot; I will  ,arrange for the arrest...indictment and conviction of boss Jim  Gettys&quot; (?) Wells: &quot; Mr. Bernstein...you dont think we,ll keep  any of those promises ..do you&quot;? Sloan: &quot; What do you want to  know..I got all the time in the world&quot;  Comingmore&quot; Charlie..your  little boy...you dont want him to read about you in the papers&quot;!   Comingmore:( to Kane) &quot; whatever you want just name it and its  yours.....but you gotta love me&quot; !  Profound dialogue ( Mankiewicz)  mix in Hermmans mastery and Gregg Tolland,s  vision..and you have it!
0783230702|5.0|12 MONKEYS RULES. OK? GOOD MOVIE BUY IT!  GREAT ACTING,MADELINE STOWE IS FRIGEN HOT AND GOOD IN THIS MOVIE. BRAVO!  AND BUCE IS GOOD. BRAD IS JUST THERE THE REAL BIG STAR IS BUCE WILLIS. BUY IT
B00003CWN3|5.0|This take on reality was so disturbing, but expressed by such an incredible cast of actors. Although I had seen the documentary and knew the horrific outcome, I wanted to re-write the script with a happy ending.  Since this movie, all I can think about is the real Brandon Teena's mother.  Where is she now? What's become of Brandon's family ? Have they seen the  film ?
0140177396|4.0|Set in agricultural California during the Depression, this book describes the harsh reality of the life of migrant workers and the brutality of human nature in general.  Two wandering ranch hands keep the gleam of hope alive,  as they privately dream of someday owning a small ranch, where they can be  their own boss and live off the fat of the land.  Freedom and roots--is  that too much to ask of life? But Steinbeck readers will not be surprised  at his pessimistic view of the human condition.  <br />  George and Lennie  travel everywhere together, working and sharing the visicitudes of 1930's  migrant life--lucky to have a meager supper of canned beans without  ketchup. But these two men, who are not even related, are bound as deeply  as brothers.  George, the short guy with the brains, feels responsible for  his big, simple-minded companion, who depends on him for work, food and  dreams of a better future.  Lennie is a gentle retarded man, who panics  easily--not realizing his own tremendous physical strength. <br /> This story  is more than a mere '30s novella, for it pits the private vulnerability of  human nature against pitiless fate. The story, 75% dialogue with only 25%  narrative, reads easily, flowing along like the indifferent Salinas River,  which inexorably carries its characters to a tragic denoument.  Man Aspires  but Flawed Society Destroys. A dark Classic.
068480025X|5.0|An excellent, thrilling and believable story set toward the end of WWII in Berlin. Commando Jack Cray is assigned by Pres. Roosevelt to bring an end to the war with Germany by assassinating Adolf Hitler. The SS and Gestapo  learn of the plot and free Otto Dietrich, an inventive police detective to  find Cray and kill him before he can complete his mission. Cray is a  likeable hero with an extremely high pain threshold. He befriends Katrina  von Tornitz, a spy working for the allies, who helps him. The dialogue  between them is realistic and entertaining.<br />This story held my interest  throughout. The realism is unforgetable, especially war-torn Berlin, the  memorable characters Cray meets, and the dogged pursuit of Dietrich, who  finds himself in a life altering position in the end.<br />This story is very  well done! The best advertisement for an author's books is the quality of  the one you've just completed. In James Thayer's case Pursuit and White  Star are on my &quot;to read&quot; list.
B00003003R|4.0|This is a great live album.  Some tunes sound incredibly good,as good or even better than the studio versions, like nightrain, Mr. Brownstone, welcome to the jungle, my michelle, youre crazy, pretty tied up, move to  the city, roquet queen, estranged and paradise city. As you can see, with  the exception of pretty tied up, all old material, leading to the  conclusion that the former Guns, specially Axl, performed better in the old  days.&quot; Patience&quot; and &quot; DonT cry&quot; , specially in the  part that Axl raises his voice, demand your &quot; ear patience&quot; and  deserved something better because are great songs. The great  dissapointment, however, is Sweet child o`mine.Axl`s voice sound as bad as  in regular concerts and it makes you wonder how the worst live recordings  of this great song might be if the best is this, included on the &quot;  Live Era&quot;. &quot; You could be mine&quot; could be better too. Apart  from these details its a great CD and if you like hard rock, a priority.
0446310786|5.0|Harper Lee's novel &quot;To Kill a Mockingbird&quot; is about kids growing up with their father, a lawyer, in a village in Alabama. It describes the adventures and every day's life in their neighborhood. Atticus Finch  educates his children, Scout (Jean Louise) and Jem, in a spirit of freedom  and justice, but has also an eye on individual opinions of other people,  although  they might differ from his own ones. The tension between these  two points, justice and the prejudices of most of the people around the  Finch family, reaches its climax when Atticus takes responsibility for an  probably innocent man in a murder trial. The man's only fault is that his  skin has the wrong color.<br />The court scenes are written brilliantly, but  &quot;To Kill a Mockingbird&quot; is far more than one of the typical court  thrillers. The detailed description of the life of Atticus, his kids, and  their neighbors makes the best deal of the book. In spite of the precise  narration, the book never gets boring but is written somewhat in the view  of childish curiosity.<br />The well-known movie based on the novel is in good  agreement with the book and also rather close to the text. But as in every  movie, some details have to be taken out to fit the story into two  hours.<br />Do not miss this book.
0345423496|4.0|Frankly, I am surprised with all these negative reviews, and I advice anyone who hasn't read the book to read it and then decide for himself about the quality of it. First of all I want to say that Clarke is a  genius, and you should respect that regardless of your thoughts about this  book.<br />Now, on to the book. I really loved it. It finally answers all the  questions about the monoliths, Clarke gives interesting ideas about the  fourth millennium, and there are some inconsistencies between this one and  2061, but that also applies for the previous sequels and is understandable  considering the time lag between the books. Okay, maybe the virus endind is  not that original (the reason I gave it 4 stars), but overall it's a great  book. The series had to end sometime, and this is a worthy  conclusion.<br />Definitely recommended for every sci-fi fan, but make sure  that you've read the previous books.
038532653X|5.0|Beautiful and lyrical, this strange and wonderous book will lead you and your child into unknown and uncharted territory. I'm really not sure what to make of David Almond's novel but reading it is a wonderful experience.  Not necessarily a child's book, many adults would find it profound
B000020617|3.0|My experience with this CD started out very positive - after twelve years of buying CDs, it became only the fourth out of about 800 that I bought after hearing only ONE song only ONCE.  &quot;Learn to Fly&quot; was that  song - simple but powerful, one of those songs that seems instantly  familiar, like it's been one of your favorites for  years.<br /><br />Unfortunately, I suppose I imagined the rest of the CD would be  as good.  It's not.  &quot;Stacked Actors&quot; is quite good, and I admit  to a fondness for &quot;Ain't It the Life.&quot;  But the rest of it is  pretty standard stuff - almost rote, as if the Foos were writing and  recording everything they wrote without stopping to consider if it fit or  was really of high quality.<br /><br />I love the Foos, and look forward to a  chance to see them live someday, but other than &quot;Learn to Fly,&quot; I  really hope they stay away from this CD's material in concert.
B000002OX3|1.0|OK, so there is an unreleased acoustic version, but leaving off the single version of Happy Jack means you don't get the original US album and therefore have to keep your old CD of this album if you buy the new one.   Why do record companies do bonehead things like this?
B00001OH7X|5.0|Not necessarily the best of the Bowie albums, but this can easily be the wierdest of the Bowie/Eno albums. (Right up there with the great &quot;Heroes&quot;, but &quot;Low&quot; is great as well, so, who can  choose?) Numerous unconventional styles-both musical &amp; lyrical-are  afoot here like the first two. Lodger starts out with &quot;Fantastic  Voyage&quot;, which talks little about it's title, more likely about being  tired of being unhappy and going on an adventure to get happy.  &quot;African Night Flight&quot; is probably the most bizzare, out-there  song you will ever here from Bowie's factory- it has him talking  uncontrolably fast about a nonstop trek through the mysterious jungles of  Africa, featuring authentic drum beat music and irresistible cricket-synth  sounds in the background. Here are some of the sampled lyrics from it: 'On  a good day, I could fly/Into the eye of God on high/His burning eye will  see me through/One of these days, One of these days, Gotta get a word  through one of these days'. The song also features some African chanting.  &quot;Yassasin&quot; is also one of the particularly more odd numbers,  sounding like Arabian Night style music and featuring a chorus that goes  like this: 'Yassasin/I'm not a moody guy/Yassasin/I walk without a  sound/Yassasin/Just a man, No judge of men'. &quot;Red Sails&quot; sounds  like a song you might here on a GET RICH QUiCK infomercial over top of the  moronic boat scenery. Nonetheless, it is still an offbeat tale to include  in the trilogy. The two singles from Lodger-&quot;D.J.&quot; and &quot;Boys  Keep Swinging&quot;- are decent, but no where near the best songs on the  album. Personally, they seem more 'catchy tune' equipped. DJ has 'I am the  DJ/I am what I play' and Boys Keep Swinging has 'Boys/Boys/Boys/Boys Keep  Swinging'. &quot;Look Back In Anger&quot; is a great one about a fallen  angel who is tired of his words &amp; himself being overlooked by people.  'Repetition' follows no particular beat in it's lyrics about an abused  woman. 'Red Money' is a little catchy, and-like other songs-is little about  it's title. The lyrics are actually quite miscellaneous: &quot;Can you feel  it in the way/That a man is not a man?/Project Canceled/Tumbling  Central/Red Money'etc. Because of Lodger's straight-forward bizzareness, I  highly recommend it, but only second to 'Heroes',the best of the Bowie/Eno  albums.
B00003W8NM|5.0|The FIGHT CLUB DVD is an achievement of super-loaded extras, including TWO DISCS of material.  The first disc contains the movie with fun stuff like the commentary tracks (FOUR -- count 'em, FOUR commentary tracks) and  dubbing in French (watch part of this just to see how great dubbing is  these days), and the second disc features tons of engrossing stuff like  behind-the-scenes featurettes, a music video, storyboards, trailers, and  much more.<br />If you'd like to appreciate FIGHT CLUB in a deeper way, this  DVD is a good way to begin.  The amount of information on this DVD is  astonishing, and the design is artistic but keeps with the feel of the  movie.  If this is the regular release DVD, I can't imagine what the  special edition will look like.
B00001OH7Y|5.0|After he changed the course of music as we knew it with his exhilerating collaboration albums with Brian Eno, fans Of Bowie never thought he would be able reach that amount of creativity again. Luckily he recorded this  phenomonal album a couple of years later, unfortunately right before he  would lose his touch until 1993's 'Black Tie White Noise'. Scary Monsters  was...and still remains...one of his most artistic albums, as well as a  pioneer for avant-garde music just like his Bowie/Eno trilogy. The lyrics  are daring and out-there, the music is a mixture between abrasive rock and  new wave art, and the album art-which features Bowie dolled up as a shadowy  court jester in numerous poses-is brilliant. The first three songs are the  most offbeat-including the classic &quot;Scary Monsters(And  SuperCreeps)&quot;, which was also a favorite of One of my other favorite  artists, Frank Black. He performed it live with Bowie not too long ago, and  that version is available on Mp3 somewhere. &quot;Ashes To Ashes&quot; is  my second favorite song on the album, a great lyrical spin on the once  great Major Tom hero-figure from 'Space Oddity'. Beneath the eerie pop  music, the song states that Tom became a drug junkie after his spectacular  space adventure. It's pretty clever. &quot;Scream Like A Baby&quot; is a  good song about a friend of Bowie's named Sam, who got bashed by anti-gay  revolutionaries. Whether it is a true song or just a made-up story, it  still rings true to life. The two parts of &quot;It's No Game&quot; are  wonderfully strange, while having really no story to continue. Another  great thing about the two-parter is that the first part begins with wierd  ambient sound, and the last part ends with ambient sounds. The second part  also includes a rather interesting last lyric: &quot;Children 'round the  world put camel shi* on the wall/They're making carpets on treadmills/Or  garbage sorting&quot;. But, after all, all the lyrics are pretty  interesting. &quot;Teenage Wildlife&quot; has Bowie sympathizing with  breakthrough artists-while talking about himself-who are always being  bothered by wannabes who are obsessed wih them. &quot;Up The Hill  Backwards&quot; offers some pretty strange advice: 'Go Up The Hill  Backwards/It'll be alright', among other odd thoughts. Bowie's cover of Tom  Verlaine's &quot;Kingdome Come&quot; is decent, while &quot;Because You're  Young&quot; is a little more meaningful. There's even the hit single  'Fashion', which is as much an easily catchy song as it is a parody of it's  topic. Oh yeah, we musn't forget the fast Chinese talking in &quot;It's No  Game(Part 1)&quot;. This album has alot to offer, so include it among your  first couple Bowies.
6305750750|1.0|Why is this a movie for an audience with a limited attentionspan?<br />This movie had one instance in particular that struck me asbeing cut so very short. The &quot;climactic&quot; battle scene with Darth Maul(who's personality was never developed) ended so abruptly that I was wondering why there was no dialogue between the villain and Obi Wan and Qui Gon(At least something might have helped). Do you remember the battle scenes from the original trilogy? Didn't they have an element of tension between the combatants that was slowly risen to a moment of importance? How about the duels between Obi Wan and Vader in Episode IV and the duels between Vader and Luke in Episodes V and VI? What about the drama? It was there and gone in a hurry in Episode I. Other scenes also seemed out of place. The scene with the big fish eating the smaller fish had no purpose. That was just &quot;eye candy&quot;. The way Anakin accidently took out the ship really bothered me. It was an event of blind luck. Not a single bit of suspense or drama was present. It was yet another fleeting moment in Episode I.<br />Why does it lack humanity?<br />It lacks humanity for a number of reasons. One reason is the fact that none of the characters other than Jar Jar Binks had any personality. Jar Jar was basically a cartoon character so I wouldn't call that a &quot;human&quot; characteristic. He was just zany.  As for the other characters, could you actually describe what the characters might be like in the real world? I can't. Wasn't Han Solo a pirate who was lovable in his own selfish way? Wasn't Princess Leia a spoiled brat with a sharp tongue, yet lovable nonetheless? Wasn't Luke your typical high school kid full of hopes and dreams of the future?(All that based on Episode IV: A New Hope) The humanity was truly lost when &quot;The Force&quot; was described as being some sort of genetic inheritance. For me, that was totally 100% contradictory to the original trilogy. Wasn't &quot;The Force&quot; something that was said to surround and be present in all living things. The Phantom Menace took the humanity out of &quot;The Force&quot;. It took the idea of faith leading to greater self fullfillment and shot it to hell. According to this new definition it was not present in all life. It was designated for a chosen few and predetermined. Ask yourself if at any time this movie made you feel genuinely sad(either empathetic or sympathetic) for any of the characters. Were there any moments of true laughter? Did you have any reason to truly hate the villain? Did you feel any emotion at all? Was the Phantom Menace any more than just a series of hollow events that led to a &quot;happy&quot; ending?  Please, think about that.
B00001QGPR|5.0|If you are looking for the breakthrough eccentricness and creativity that is most of his best albums, you won't find it here. Instead you'll get 10 meaningful tracks which have Bowie looking back in contemplation, wondering  about past regrets and often getting sad over past decisions &amp; such.  &quot;Seven&quot; is one of the best in my opinion because of lyrics like  'The Gods forgot they made me/So I forgot them too/I listen to their  shadows/I play among their graves' or 'I remember how we wept/On a bridge  of violent people/I was small enough to cry'. &quot;Thursday's  Child&quot;-despite it's soulful sound- is also top of the line. &quot;The  Dreamers&quot;, &quot;New Angels Of Promise&quot;, &quot;What's Really  Happening?&quot;, and &quot;If I'm Dreaming My Life&quot; are visionary,  similar to good old Bowie, but mainly to express depression...especially  &quot;The Dreamers&quot;, which is a great ending ballad featuring abstract  lyrics about the last of the visionaries and his death. &quot;Something In  The Air&quot; and &quot;Survive&quot; are more poppy and talk about lost  relationships, but still are decent-just check out the bizzare guitar solo  at the end of &quot;S.I.T.A.&quot;. Even though this album is traditionally  mellow, it is still excellent and even gets a little funky at times. Just  take a listen to the wild metal of &quot;The Pretty Things Are Going To  Hell&quot;. There is also a short ethnic instrumental entitled  &quot;Brilliant Adeventure&quot; which is both beautiful &amp; spiritual.  Almost all of the tracks also feature some offbeat guitar outing from the  eccentric Reeves Gabrels. Don't forget &quot;Hours...&quot; for it is Bowie  at his most emotional.
6300213803|5.0|Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan - This movie is the second best movie of all time, just barely behind Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country. It is full of humor, action, and has a human angle, unlike the previous  film.<br />This film definitely goes back to the &quot;action-flick&quot;  genre of the TV series with a story (obviously) continuing from one of the  first-season episodes, &quot;Space Seed&quot;. In that episode, Kirk  marooned Khan Noonien Singh, a genetically-engineered superhuman who tried  to take over the Enterprise, on a distant planet, rather than take him back  in custody. In the movie, that planet takes a turn for the worse soon  afterward and a lot of Khan's party die. Khan lives for revenge on Captain  (now Admiral) Kirk. In the movie, Khan manages to hijack a science vessel,  the Reliant, and comes after Kirk. The movie plot is a lot more detailed  and exciting, but that is the main idea.<br />Perhaps what makes this movie so  good is the fact that a new director was at the helm, without previous Trek  experience. He tried to get the &quot;feel&quot; of the TV episodes, and it  worked wonderfully. Some people say that this film relies too much on  action, but, watching the finale, this is not the case. Having Spock  sacrifice himself to save the ship sounds like a strange idea, but it  really works in the film.<br />This film is MUCH darker than the previous one  and almost any of the newer Treks, also. It is probably the most violent,  as well, and would DEFINITELY get a PG-13 now. The worst things are maybe  those &quot;vile little creatures&quot; that go in people's ears. Be  forwarned, this may turn you away from it, so you might want to hit the  fast-forward. Violence aside, this is a perfect movie. It is one every  science-fiction fan should see.
B00001OH7N|5.0|Following about the same acoustic rock style that he did his with his impressive debut, &quot;Space Oddity&quot;, T.M.W.S.T.W. is once again a showcase of Bowie's clever writing style. It starts off with &quot;The  Width Of A Circle&quot;, a tale of how he was a monster cast out from  heaven the same time as Satan, and the unbelievable events that happened  afterwards. &quot;All The Madmen&quot; is about being kept underground by  hipocrisy while the insane are allowed to roam free, and wanting to choose  isolation rather than be helpless and parish with the free men. &quot;Black  Country Rock&quot; isn't one of the highlights, but more like classic rock.  &quot;After All&quot; is a great introspective about how adults can  sometimes act like kids, and vice versa. It's one of the best acoustic  numbers on the album. &quot;Running Gun Blues&quot; is deranged &amp;  violent, but amusing. &quot;Saviour Machine&quot; is a fine ballad about a  genius machine that stops war and creates a utopia, but gets bored with the  perfect life and decides to send it all to hell. &quot;She Shook Me  Cold&quot; is decent, but more of a 'I've met a girl who is crazier than  me' kind of song. The last two tracks-the title track &amp; &quot;The  Supermen&quot;- are the best. &quot;T.M.W.S.T.W.&quot; talks about a man  who sold Earth so that he could be immortal and trek all over the universe.  &quot;The Supermen&quot; reasons with Fredrick Neitches' theory about the  perfect men, who can 'put mind over matter and matter over mind', but  eventually destroy themselves in their perfect empire. The album is pretty  intellectual, introspective, and merges folk with pre-metal rock. Grand.
6300216802|4.0|Star Trek: The Motion Picture - When I first saw this film, I thought it was the second coolest Trek film ever. After I've seen it about 8 times, though, I decided it is pretty far down the list, not because it's bad in  itself, but because the others are cooler. <br />The film starts out with one  of my favorite sequences ever, where the *awesome* Klingon cruisers are  patrolling and get destroyed (?) by V'Ger. This made me have high hopes for  the film, but after that it gets fairly slow. The plot is quite good  mostly, but it is not handled well (the story behind it explains a lot  about how it is so stilted). Some of Shatner's performances are very good  for a &quot;realistic&quot; naval ship in space, but they're not quite the  &quot;jump in and who cares if we lose a few crewman&quot; brashness of the  TV series. Oh well, the movie isn't about action, and if you take it for  that, it is pretty good. <br />The special effects: some of them are AMAZING,  and some are incredibly bad. I don't know why there is so much difference.  The Enterprise shots are boring now, but they are neat if you never saw the  movie ship before.<br />The score is incredible, one of the top few of all  time! Much better than the movie.<br />Overall, you should see this film at  least once. The first time I saw it I was up beforehand for 36 hours and I  kept dropping off. I figured it was because I was so tired. The next time,  though, I kept falling asleep. You should see this film, but probably  should spread it out over a couple of evenings.
B00000G3PA|1.0|Horrible script and horrible directing (Ebert said it best: it is the  first 150 minute trailer).  I can almost forgive the actors except they  signed up for this awful movie.  The special effects and the science are  terrible. Even as escapism its bad.  This movie is *boring*!  &quot;Raiders  of the Lost Ark&quot; or &quot;Jurassic Park&quot; or just about ANY other  movie would be more worth your time.
B000002JOH|5.0|Pantera churned out another great album this year, Reinventing the Steel, but this is a Pantera classic.  Great vocals by Phil.  AWESOME Guitar licks by Dimebag. Being a metal guitar player, i know.(I have all his tab books)  and smooth grooving bass lines by Rex, makes my head bang and head  splitting beats by Vinnie Paul.  This album is WELL WORTH spitting out the  cash to get.
B000002OOY|5.0|As a musical composition, even outside the film, the &quot;Jurassic Park&quot; soundtrack may be the best film score ever made.  John Williams finds a magical tone like his &quot;E.T&quot; and &quot;Hook&quot;, mixes  in the awe of his &quot;Close Encounters&quot;, and amplifies the effect to  create a truly great collection of themes and cues.  The main theme is  classic and gives a real sense of awe and wonder (much like the vision of  dinosaurs bring in the film).  This theme is enough to make the score great  all by itself, but the &quot;Jurassic Park&quot; score contains a variety  of small themes, each original and excellent in its own right.  The first  tense, action cue, &quot;Incident At Isla Nublar&quot; is a masterpiece for  suspense and drama.  Other cues, like &quot;Hatching Baby Raptor&quot; and  &quot;My Friend, The Brachiosaurus&quot; introduce small, but beautiful  themes that stand on their own.<br />Some film scores work well within their  movies, but do not make easy listening in the living room.  The  &quot;Jurassic Park&quot; soundtrack, with the exceptions of some brief  action cues, provides all-around great music for any mood.  Place this  powerful piece next to your favorite classical CDs.
B0000025KI|5.0|It's hard to believe that this album was originally released twenty years ago. It has certainly stood the test of time, and if you insisted that it was his best I couldn't really argue with you. Just because it's a double  album, and has SO MANY songs on it, that makes it kind of special. But  also, he was really coming into his own both as a storyteller and a  musician with &quot;Darkness on the Edge of Town&quot; and then this album.  &quot;Cadillac Ranch,&quot; &quot;Ramrod,&quot; and &quot;Crush on  You,&quot; are among his most rocking, danceable songs. &quot;Wreck on the  Highway&quot; is incredibly evocative and powerful--I think it's one of his  most underrated songs. &quot;The River&quot;--wow. What a devastating  portrait of a relationship, and two lives, gone wrong. Can you imagine if  that song was actually played at a wedding? I tried to imagine it at a  recent, sedate church wedding, and it was incredibly hilarious, though  simultaneously chilling. &quot;Is a dream a lie if it don't come true, or  is it something worse?&quot; You tell me Bruce, and please, keep on  rocking. Whoooooh!
6303148352|5.0|Stephen Spielberg brings dinosaurs to the screen in a way no one has or could before.  The special effects are fantastic.  They may be a little dated in comparison to the more recent &quot;Lost World&quot;, but as  computer generated effects (which are often done poorly in other movies),  it sports some of the best.  Never have I felt such awe at the sight of  special effects, effects that look so real that the dinosaurs can be true  characters. &quot;Jurassic Park&quot; contains excellent direction and good  acting, escpecially from the children.  The movie also finds a good balance  between the suspense and the humor - and the awe.  With a  score by John  Williams, &quot;Jurassic Park&quot; also has some of the greatest music of  any movie.  &quot;Jurassic Park&quot; is one of my favorites.
B000002UD1|4.0|If not a masterwork like &quot;Plastic Ono Band&quot; or as heartfelt as &quot;Imagine,&quot; John Lennon's &quot;Mind Games&quot; is nonetheless a thoroughly enjoyable album that does not deserve its inferior reputation.  The title track is as memorable as anything he's done, and even such  featherweight songs as &quot;Intuition&quot; and &quot;One Day at a  Time&quot; are almost as catchy and still a little deeper than most of what  Mr. McCartney was doing in the same period.  The ballads like &quot;Out the  Blue&quot; and &quot;I Know (I Know)&quot; are touching, and the main  rocker, &quot;Meat City,&quot; rocks as only Lennon could.  A very  worthwhile album to own.
0783229011|5.0|Going into the movie, I expected a silly children's story that would be unappealing to anyone older than seven.  I was terribly wrong.  &quot;Babe&quot; is a beautiful movie.  It has a near perfect blend of  tension, comedy, and heartfelt drama.  What may be most surprising about  the film is that all of this comes from talking animals (and a fine  performance by James Cromwell as Farmer Hoggett).  The movie has a  timeless, magical quality that is helped by its excellent cinematography.   The film works both as a delightful children's story and a pattern of  beautiful metaphors, including a powerful one of a child's relation to  their parent or even as a person's relation to God.  &quot;Babe&quot; also  includes an excellent musical score using a nice variation on Saint Saen's  Symphony No.3.  &quot;Babe&quot; is a treat for the whole family and an  instant classic.
B00004TL21|5.0|The first thing that I want to point about this album is it is not rap/metal. It's just good hard rock with heavy metal overtones, plus some grunge added in on songs like &quot;RX Queen&quot; and  &quot;Feiticeira.&quot; The lead singer has a voice that is better than  most in this kind of music. He shows it off nicely on the only true ballad  here - &quot;Teenager.&quot; But &quot;Teenager&quot; will not put you to  sleep - there's still some funky background added in to help prevent that.  &quot;Street Carp&quot; is very witty with the cool phone number parts in  the lyrics. I'm not usually into mosh pit-type songs, but &quot;Elite&quot;  and &quot;Korea&quot; were more true rage than just mindless shouting. I  found that I had fun with those particular two. If you want good  atmospherics, songs like &quot;Digital Bath&quot; with its hip hop beat  parts, and &quot;Passenger&quot; will satisfy.
B00000JGOH|2.0|The concept of &quot;Shakespear in Love&quot; may have its compelling points: Shakespeare writes his tragedy &quot;Romeo and Juliet&quot; while falling in love with a &quot;forbidden&quot; woman.  Unfortunately, a 1990s  flavor spoils the beautiful sets and costumes.  Romance and love are  reduced to a string of lustful sexual encounters (and the courtship is  short).  Viola shows all of the modern attitudes that Rose did in  &quot;Titanic&quot; - horribly out of place, and downright depressing.   Shakespeare is portrayed little better. Despite &quot;Shakespeare in  Love&quot;'s moments of clever comedy and the very well acted &quot;Romeo  and Juliet&quot; scenes (maybe enough for 2 and a half stars), the  shallowness pours from the movie and sinks it.  Another example of why the  Oscars are most often a joke.
B00004T37H|5.0|Nothing can top this master piece. It is the best movie ever made. The only thing that comes close is Nausicaa of the Valley of the Wind. It was wonderfuly dubbed. The only problem is that it can't be watched in its  orignel Japanese form with  subtitles. It is just common sence to do that.  Disney needs to learn that if you are goi ng to bring an anime to america  you need to keep it an anime. And Hayao Miyazaki is NOT the Waly Disney of  Japan, Hayao Miyazaki is a billion times better.
B00000K19E|3.0|&quot;No one can be told what the Matrix is.&quot;  That is the claim of the film - and the teaser hook for the movie.  Yet, ironically, the Matrix is an old plot device used many times before in other science fiction, from  &quot;Star Trek&quot; to the &quot;Outer Limits&quot;.  But while &quot;The  Matrix&quot; lacks in uniqueness, it does have style and some very clever,  very well done action sequences.  If nothing else, the movie excels in its  special effects and cinematography.  Even the story is entertaining, if not  very deep.<br />But there is one flaw that cannot be brushed off as simply bad  filmmaking.  The heroes of the film show a disturbing level of enjoyment in  destroying the villains, and even in killing the rather innocent  &quot;unenlightened&quot; citizens of the Matrix.  Unlike some other  &quot;softer&quot; action movies, the characters of &quot;The Matrix&quot;  hold a cold attitude that is downright creepy.  In an escapist movie like  &quot;The Matrix&quot;, this kind of thing is bad.  If it does not disturb  us and turn us off, then it de-sensitizes us.<br />At its best, &quot;The  Matrix&quot; is only a clever, action movie and at its worst it is a  cold-hearted, shallow film.
B000002J03|1.0|You would like to break my legs and deafen me? Just because I slagged off a record that you like? Oh, that's very nice, very thoughtful of you.What a nice person you are. Actually from what I've seen of other Led Zeppelin  fans,I shouldn't have been surprised you said something like that,since you  all seem to worship these people like gods.
B0000028RR|5.0|If you love rock of any kind then this is an essential album.  Tom Morrelo's guitar is absoloutbley amazing and Zac spits out some hard-hitting lyrics.  If you've heard Rage before and liked them but  haven't heard this album then you're missing out on the best.  Every song  is great but my favuorites have to be &quot;Bullet in the head&quot; and  &quot;Take the power back&quot;.  Basically if you've not this album GET  IT.
B00004UEDQ|4.0|This film is a very realistic one, based on how life could be affected when you or some relative or friend use alcohool or drugs. In addition of that, the history and the actors are very good and know how to tell the  history in an amazing way.
B00003Q438|4.0|You know how DVDs claim to have special features, and the special features end up being chapter selections and the original trailers - and that's it?  Well, The Abyss Special Edition is a model for what special editions should  be.  When the movie was originally released, the studio thought it was too  long and wanted it cut.  So Cameron cut a whole subplot of the movie, but  it turns out to be the most important subplot.  So the disc not only  includes the original theatrical release, but the directors cut, which  lengthens the movie to almost three hours, but fills in a lot of holes in  the plot.  The movie, in both versions, is an above average science fiction  thriller.  Cameron, for all his vision and movie-making skills, is still  only an above-average writer.  But the DVD includes scores of information  that makes the technical achievement of the film very fascinating.  There  are two &quot;making of&quot; documentaries, one 10 minutes and one 60  minutes.  There are storyboards, drawings, and pages of technical  information on deep sea diving.  Want to know more about if the liquid  breathing apparatus used in the critical section of the film is science  fiction or science fact?  There is a ton of information on the history of  experiments in liquid breathing and the possibilities for the future. There  is even a copy of the 20 minute special effects video sent to Motion  Picture Academy voters to vote on Oscars for the movie.<br />If you like  science fiction movies, you will probably like The Abyss.  If you also like  to know how movies are made, you will love this DVD.  Any studio that calls  their disc a special edition without this level of production is guilty of  false advertising.  The only negative is there is no audio commentary by  the director or cast included.
0425170349|3.0|Read this book for a very compelling insight into Special Ops training and action.  In this way, Rainbow Six is great.  I sense thorough research in this regard. <br />Unfortunately, the underlying conspiracy that acts to bind  the plot together isn't as convincing.  Neither are many of the characters  (some of which may represent Clancy's personal political views).  <br />I do  recommend this book (from a library, of course).  The descriptions of  tactical combat exercise and execution are awesome as are the action  sequences.  The action is perfectly to the point and never hurried.  Images  from various aspects of a situation are described in such a way that the  reader gets a sense of that they are occurring simultaneously.
6305892946|5.0|This movie REALLY deserves more than 5 stars, they took Scream 3 and turned it into a more adult form of movie cuz their alll older now and they know how its been to go through several killing sprees.  I loved this movie  so much that when it comes out on the video, I'm gonna be the first one at  Blockbuster Video just to rent the movie! Really rent or buy this movie is  REALLY REALLY worth the buy/rent!
B000002U9Y|4.0|Well, if there is something I can say about this album, i would say that it is the most unneccesary of the early Floyd (67-72) besides maybe Obscured. With the excellent opener, Let There Be More Light, which in  itself is the reason to get the album and also the best Floyd opener off  any album, the quality drops from there. Besides such great songs as  Remember A Day and Set the Controls, it is clear that this is an  experimental album. With the title track as one of the most cacophonious  conflaguration of racket I have ever heard, and See-Saw (working title- The  most boring song I've ever heard, bar two)is just Rick Wright with his  psycho-melodramatic mix of keyboards and harmonic vocals. Well, now it's  Jugband. Cool brass section...  and symbolic lyrics by the genious Syd,  this song rocks. Without the first and last tracks, this album is no good.  But 4 stars indeed! That's all. Go home. Buy the CD.
061301328X|4.0|Fantastic book, my paperback edition finally wore out so I got the hardback this time.  Mistake!  It is an &quot;Econo clad book&quot; which means it is the paperback with a VERY cheap hardcover.  Ripoff!
B00004T9UH|5.0|All of you people out there...this is a great cd! In this cd, Slim Shady (Eminem), isn't swearin for the heck of it.  In this cd, he actually describes his life to his fans.  I'd give this cd an A+++!   For people  who don't like people swearing in there songs, you should get the edited  version.  I think you guys will make the right choice. Thanks!
B00000IPAX|1.0|Sell-out. wait WHAT AM I THINKG!  THERE NOT SELL OUTS!  THERE MTV SELL-OUTS!  A perfect example of a band that has gone to the limits and has seen MTV.  May MTV keep there poser music forever.  This isnt punk. Its  Hip Hop.  They might a well do a song with NSYNC, better yet, a music  video.  Watch out cause MXPX is headed there way too.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Fight Club does have a great deal of violence, it is true.  If you take  that as a given, then you ready yourself to see some very important   questions that this film brings into focus. Anyone who wonders about the  consumerist vision of life will certainly see things differently after  viewing this film.  It will at least bring into question the search for  material things and what that means.   I believe another part of this film  has to do with men.  According to the film, men need to connect with others  in a very physical way.  It seems as though the only way they can feel  anything is by being extreme - in everyway.  I think this is a rather  limited understanding of maleness.  The writer, however, wants to express  something about males....I can only guess this from the fact that most of  those who make up the cast are male.  There is only one main female in the  cast. I believe the philosophy expressed can be one that all can hold  whether male or female.  Is this a useful way to see men?  I don't really  think so....however, even with this stereotypical vision of males....I  think the film has a great deal to offer all people.  All people who really  want to question, law and order, who want to question what is taught about  success and so on. <br />All of the actors were well cast and should be  applauded.  The writers and director should be praised for creating a  worthwhile film, one that makes people think, and this, certainly needs to  be rewarded!
B00004SCX6|2.0|Britney at times has a cute voice and she herself is very cute but she should definately switch to modeling. Sure, her music is fine for someone with little or no taste but its totally avarage. Her music is like eating a  plain hamburger at McDonalds when you could be eating Prime Rib (listening  to Celine Dion). She could at least write her own songs so they could have  some value instead of the useless teeneybopper jibberish we've heard over  and over. I love pop music but even though pop is supposed to be fun and  danceable, it doens't have to be rediculously superficial like some  lovesick fourten year-old wrote Britney's songs about her five millionth  crush.  Britney needs to show what she's got on the inside 'cus she's run  out of things to show on her plastic exterior. Meaning that she needs to  write her own suff, maybe take fifth grade over again so shes can remember  how. She's obviously insecure andnot proud of what she has on the inside  (her standards, character, intelligence) because all she shows us is her  pretty face and body that's so easy to get once you earn enough for plastic  surgery, a personal Bobbi Brown, and a membership at a gym. With songs like  these, its easy to believe that Britney's got some serious helium in her  head that once she clears out, could be ready to sing and say big words.
B000002A3T|3.0|I own a copy of this because I am one of those FLoydian disciples(if I could find a copy of Zabriskie Point I would buy it just for the 3 Floyd tracks!), and the collection would not be complete without.Take it Back is  a good track as is Wearing the Inside Out and this album is an improvement  over Momentary Lapse(87). One interesting thing about Division Bell is it  has an &quot;Animals&quot; like sound to it.This album, like, Momentary  Lapse is missing something:WATERS. I still long for those great Floyd  relics(including Relics!) of the past......
0140386335|5.0|This book is very well written. It's about a boy who steals a book and hides out in the attic of his school to read it. Little does he know the book will take him farther than he's ever gone before, and he will have to  make it back to his world without losing his memory. I would reccomend this  book to anyone who likes alot of action and fantasy. The only thing some of  you might not like about this book is that it's very long. I'm not  complaining or anything, but I know some people don't like long books. (I'm  just warning you) Despite it's length, it's a very good book!
0783226152|5.0|I am glad that Lucas remastered this one for THX Digital sound because the old time rock 'n roll has never sounded better(also rent the THX version of Animal House-same effect!), and there is a THX sighting in this one.       This film boasts a cast-of-thousands, but when it was released(I did see  this on big screen) these players were unknown. Interesting film unfolds on  screen as we our treated to one night in the life of high school buds(for  some it is their last night in town as they prepare to go off to college)in  1962 California. The most important character is John(Paul Le Mat)Milner.  Milner is like the patriarchal &quot;father&quot; figure to the kids, and  what he experiences on this night is an awareness that maybe it is time to  make a change in his life(maybe the catalyst was the challenge by  Falfa(Harrison Ford) to a drag race, which comes near the end of the film.  He remarks in one scene&quot;I ain't goin' off to some GD fancy college!I'm  stayin' right here!Havin' fun as usual! &quot;<br />     What makes this film  work is the way it is done. We are not just treated to the adventures that  centers around one central character.There is a plot and then there are  subplots throughout the film. The film winds its way back and forth past  each character's adventures into the night with the haunting echo of  Wolfman Jack who, if you listen closely, seems to have a song or a quote  for each scene!      By the end of the film, you have just realized you  have seen reality unfold before your eyes. Nothing in this is fiction.  Everyone who has been through High School can relate somehow to this  picture. End captions before ending credits roll is a chilling sequence.An  excellent sequel follows(MORE AMERICAN GRAFFITTI).
B00003Q43A|4.0|I enjoyed ID4 on the big screen and recently purchased it for use on my home theatre system. The 5.1 mix is okay, the THX encoding helps, but the &quot;low effects&quot; during the big explosions (e.g. &quot;The White  House&quot;) lack earth-shaking feel. I heard more bass resonance from the  Eagles - &quot;Hell Freezes Over - DTS.&quot; True fans of ID4 will not be  disappointed, but with so much on these disks, DTS encoding would have  rocked. The surround effects are still present, but are not reached to  their fullest potential for a movie of this type. The special edition is a  value, but ID4 falls short of being the DVD that you want to astound your  friends with when you show off your system, primarily due to  &quot;average&quot; sound editing.
0062502182|5.0|This is the first book I read of Mr. Coelho and it is simply beautiful. The story is focused on a young shepherd boy and the lengths that we will go to follow his dream. With untimely consequences and circimstances, he  finds himself at unexpected situations and places but never the less, he  surges on towards his quest no matter how hard the journey gets. The  Alchemist is a story of courage and believing, of love and patience that  binds us together in following our dreams and living it out.<br />What a read!
B00004TKAQ|4.0|This album was great, but it didn't have some of the more famous songs like Fresh Air. I thought that the music, espicially the guitars were more excelent than they usually are. I would reccomend this album to people who  know they already know they like Quicksilver, but if you're trying them out  for the first time this may not be the one for you. This one is great for  people that already like the band, because it introduces songs that aren't  as popular, so there is more of a variety from their other albums. But  overall, this is a great album. And my entire family likes to listen to it.  My dad listens to Tony Bennett, my mom the Stones, and me Home Grown, but  we all agree that this is a great album, espicially for long car rides.
0062513346|4.0|The Valkyries is a personal account of Mr. and Mrs. Coelho's journey across the Mojave desert in California. Coelho is determined to seek the angels that are known to visit there, since he's already been advised by  his teacher to do so. The only link that he depends upon is the Valkyries:  a group of women that roam the desert on motorcycles and who may just have  the answer to what Paulo is after. There are many surprises to unravel in  the novel, and some passages will keep you thinking for a long time. The  novel also expresses inner feelings and thoughts of the author and his  central characters, including his wife. The personal accounts are strong  and there are times when the suspense is hard to stand on!
6302990114|5.0|This is a sheer classic Christie masterpiece.You will love it equally because of all ths stars. There is a cast of Peter Ustinov,Bette Davis,Mia Farrow,Jane Birkin,Angela Lansbury,David Niven, Maggie Smith,George  Kennedy,Olivia Hussey,and Simon MacCorkindale.I've watched it more times  than I can count and I still love watching it.You wont be disappointed!
B000002LGA|5.0|It's amazing to me how this CD's cost is so cheap! Every song on New York fits into a storyline that is so simple yet so brilliant. That seems to be the way Lou Reed has always been. He doesn't let new trends or styles  interfere with his talented music. Take advantage of the cheap price and  order it NOW! My personal favorite songs are &quot;Romeo had Juliette&quot;  and, of course, the classic &quot;Dirty Blvd.&quot;
0679746048|1.0|It took every ounce of strength and the hope that with the next frame  the movie adaptation would improve.   Sometimes the written word should be left as such.    And in no way did it have the power nor the intensity of  &quot;One Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest.&quot;    More along the lines of a  Woody Allen spoof.
6303149200|4.0|A classic thriller from a time when paganism and pastoral folk music were both relatively trendy in the UK (both Jethro Tull and Steeleye Span were big at this time), this is one of a handful of decent, low-budget  independent British films. Furthermore, it has very little to do with the  increasingly-camp series of Hammer Horror movies - it isn't even 'horror',  really. It's a strange and unsettling semi-horror, semi-thriller,  semi-pagan movie that was shamefully cut to shreds before release (with the  original film cans being dumped in a ditch opposite the M1), and is long  overdue for some kind of video release. The plot concerns a investigating  into the disappearance of a young girl on a remote Scottish island,  although that is quickly forgotten as our hero, policeman Edward Woodward,  discovers that the island has rejected conventional Christianity for  paganism. From then on it's strange and jarring, as our hero first attempts  to solve the mystery and then escape and get help. Almost a British version  of the standard Hollywood 'You ain't from around these parts' redneck  horrors of the seventies (such as 'The Hills Have Eyes' and 'Deliverance'),  it builds up to an unforgettable, extraordinary ending which I wasn't  expecting the first time I saw the film. Apart from Woodward, the cast is  very 'mid-70's British low-budget horror' - Christopher Lee is resplendent  with enormous hair, and Britt Ekland allows her body double to appear nude  (from the back). Legend had it that Rod Stewart, her then-boyfriend, tried  to have the film withdrawn from release, but like so many legends this was  completely untrue.
B00001U0GQ|4.0|This version is less like a music-video and more like a real movie. It is a matter of taste, ofcouse, which you prefer; personaly I like this one better. The movie is still visualy impressive and still has a more  agressive scrore than most movies, but the characters have more room to  breathe.<br />Gone are also some of Lewis' 'smart' oneliners, which is  probably the biggest single improvement.<br />I had no problems playing this  DVD on my computers DVD-drive (as others report to have had), but the DVD  *is* flawed. (See the other reviews for details). But even so, it is still  good entertainment.
B00000J6AG|5.0|Moby's newest album has a rich, yet dry quality, compared to his previous albums. His track, &quot;Natural Blues&quot;, had a nice earthytone, but was somewhat long, and drawnout. However, the track,&quot;Porcelain&quot;,  was worth waiting for;it had a three-dimensional harmony that pulls you in.  The different elements blend together nicely.
B00004SCX6|5.0|This Brit's CD is much better than &quot;Baby one more time&quot;. My faves are &quot;Stronger&quot;, &quot;Lucky&quot;, &quot;What u see is what u get&quot; and &quot;Can't make you love me&quot;. But there are two  horribleones: &quot;Oops!...I dit it again!&quot; and &quot;Dear  diary&quot;! I can't stop hearung it!  Britney rules!
0671867369|5.0|Band of Brothers has set the mold  for other platoon biographies to use, even if there are some small areas that might need to be improved.  Stephen Ambrose has created a wonderful page turner as he deals with every aspect  of Easy company (101st Airborne).  He starts with basic training and goes  all the way up to the disbandment of the company (1945).  In the final  chapter he deals with the present day lives of the men and how the war has  changed and even scarred so many of the original members.  <br />The strengths  of this book are so numerous it would not give it justice to attempt to  list them all.  The readability is simply marvelous, the personal accounts  are specific (even to the graphic wounds), and when there is a lull in the  fighting Mr. Ambrose seizes the moment to inject his own professional  opinions into the situations.  The author attempts to show the lives of all  of the soldiers even though at times it seems as if he is attempting to  declare Captain Winters a God (commander of Easy Company)<br />The only  problem with the book is the fact that the author does withhold some facts.   For example, when he is speaking highly of a officer he feels free to list  his name (Captain Winters) but when he is speaking of an incompetent  platoon leader he feels it necessary to leave that officer's name out.   Another fact the author skips is the soldiers' personal viewpoints on  significant points.  For example, in a time when a army stood segregated it  makes the reader wonder if the soldiers would accept African Americans (if  permitted)  within their ranks.  Also, how did the members of easy company  feel about the Jewish religion (since they were fighting to liberate the  many work camps).  <br />Even with these small difficulties, Dr. Ambrose  produces a wonderful book.  The major benefit band of brothers produces is  that it allows the reader to relate the hardships Easy Company went through  with almost any company that has faced combat.  Band ofBrothers is simply  a must read for any modern day historian who wishes to know what war can do  to a group of men.
B00001QEFU|4.0|This was the first album for Dee Snider and the boys;and they already sound like seasoned professionals.To say that Dee was heavily influenced by Alice Cooper is an understatement ;the lyrics,several vocal nuances,the  sneering attitude,all reek of Reverend Furnier's baby boy. This is not a  bad thing because Alice was quiet during this period(indeed it was Dee who  brought him back to duet on BE CRUEL TO YOUR SCHOOL). Twisted Sister was  the two fisted American answer to the New Wave Of British Metal that was so  prevalent at the time.They could go full throttle with the best of  them(witnes WHAT YOU DON'T KNOW [SURE CAN HURT YOU],TEAR IT LOSE,UNDER THE  BLADE], Black Sabbath-like crunch(DESTROYER,THE DAY OF THE ROCKER),or  Kiss-like heavy pop(SHOOT 'EM DOWN,I'LL NEVER GROW UP NOW[produced by Kiss  producer Eddie Kramer!].UNDER THE BLADE shows more than just a little of  that quality that helped American Metal to revive itself in the  mid-eighties,and it is an excellent debut.If you haven't listened to this  hard gem,do so now!
B00003IPFK|5.0|This is one of the best movies of all time--the kind you watch again and again.  But I agree with the other reviewers who said that somebody needs to make a better quality version of it.  Obviously, the DVD is no good, and  I haven't had much better luch with the VHS.  I've purchased this movie  three times, and all three times, the sound messed up after a couple of  viewings, and the picture quality is not that great.  People would pay  money for a better version of this movie.
B00000E0VK|4.0|For Agnetha or ABBA fans, this album is a wonderful piece of work that shows us what a beautiful voice this Swedish vocalist really has.  The album has an early 80's pop-rock sound, most evident on &quot;Can't Shake  Loose,&quot;  &quot;Once Burned, Twice Shy,&quot;  and &quot;Stand By My  Side.&quot;  Agnetha even contributes a track called &quot;Man,&quot;  and  although it's not that great, one should pay attention to it because she  wrote it by herself.  The best thing about this album is that it has a  variety of musical styles, such as reggae (&quot;The Heat Is On&quot;),  rock (&quot;Can't Shake Loose,&quot;) and pop-rock (the rest of the album).   The reason I cut it down one star, is that after &quot;Wrap Your Arms  Around Me,&quot;  the tracks take a bland flavor until Agnetha picks up on  the last two.  Really, though, it's all worth buying, because she really,  really uses her wonderful voice to its full capacity.<br />Highlights:   &quot;The Heat Is On,&quot;  &quot;Can't Shake Loose,&quot;   &quot;Shame,&quot;  &quot;Once Burned, Twice Shy,&quot;  &quot;Wrap Your  Arms Around Me.&quot;
6305531374|4.0|I think the key to enjoying the &quot;Halloween&quot; series (with the exception of the unecessary part 3) is to look at it as 2 separate (but not remotely equal) trilogies.  That said, &quot;Halloween H20&quot; is the  perfect conclusion to the first 2 films.  <br />I choose to suppress the  memory of parts 4-6 (the last of which made me physically ill), so when I  learned Jamie Lee Curtis was returning, I was very pleased to know that the  franchise didn't in fact die with Donald Pleasance.  The story of  &quot;H20&quot; is its strongest suit.  To find Laurie Strode 20 years  later in any other condition than completely dysfunctional, would have been  unrealistic.  You don't get stabbed, chased and generally spooked by your  boogie man brother and not be nursing a few wounds.  Jamie Lee Curtis'  growth as an actress since the first 2 films allows her to play  Laurie/Kerri truthfully and effectively.<br />Some may complain that  &quot;H20&quot; lacks the shadowy atmosphere of the original, which was  never effectively replicated in its sequels.  What Director, Steven Miner  has done is take the style of the slick, self-referrential  post-&quot;Scream&quot; horror flick and applied it to the monster who  started the slasher genre in the first place.  Janet Leigh's cameo is a  brilliant touch to a script that has Laurie uttering dialogue verbatum from  the original.  At a mere 80 minute running time, &quot;H20&quot; gives you  the set-up in the first half of the film and then proceeds to  relentlessly  pummel you with constant scares until the end credits.  This movie NEVER  gives you a chance to remove your hands from your eyes.<br />The original  &quot;Halloween&quot; is a bonafide classic and &quot;Halloween: H20&quot;  is the perfect conclusion to a franchise that was in SERIOUS danger of  becoming one that made you laugh instead of made you scream.
B00004CWO8|5.0|Adventures In Motion Pictures have created a masterpiece of modern ballet.   It's not boring classical ballet but a contemporary piece which is well  executed by the company. It's true to say that the male swans may appear to  give it a gay theme, but when you consider that the prince is falling in  love with a swan, it's the love story that counts, not the sex of the  swans.  The finale is a masterpiece of heartstring tugging and will leave  you clutching a kleenex and sobbing. Superbly directed and danced, this  show has won many awards on stage and justly so.  This film will not do the  stage show justice, but is a taster for what you would see if you are lucky  enough to get tickets.  I say that you should BUY IT NOW!
B00000K2SC|5.0|This is the best movie ever if you haven't seen it you have to see it right now!
0345403959|5.0|The Belgeriad and Mallorean series are my favorite pieces of fantasy literature - I've read them a couple times, and they are always super enjoyable, and always force me to stay up late reading them because I can't  stop, even though I know what's going to happen.<br />This book (and Polgara)  is a wonderful cap to the whole series, going all way back in time.  Although much of it is a repeat of what was in the other books, this is  wonderful reading since it is all from the perspective of Belgarath, alive  these last 7,000 years, and he offers many, many new insights to the events  of the books. It's fascinating: construct a whole series with the  omniscient narrator, and then write two more books going over the whole  thing again, but from the point of views of two characters in the series.  Surprisingly, it not only works, it works well, and it's quite compelling  reading.  And Eddings writes convincingly enough to make one think it  really *is* Belgarath who has written this.<br />Absolutely excellent reading,  but of course, you really do have to read the first ten books first. And I  can't recommend this series enough. Certainly the best multi-volume fantasy  series that has come out (and yes, I am apostate by regarding this higher  than Lord of the Rings, but so be it).
B00000IAU3|5.0|This CD is so soothing!  I love Dido and all of these songs. I have been playing this CD non stop. You should all buy it right now!
B00000JCOV|1.0|Slipknot is just talentless trash. Everything on this CD is just profane, hate-filled noise. All it is is just endless screaming(except on Wait &amp; Bleed). Slipknot is a disgrace to rock and metal. Go listen to Godsmack.  They rule! Slipknot doesn't.
0671004107|5.0|I first saw the movie, thought it was fairly good, then ordered the book. Far better! I especially liked the stuff at the end involving transendental numbers. Sagan's imagination really comes through here.
B00004SCX6|4.0|That's to all the anti-Britney people. Britney is great, although her songs aren't particuarly different to many singers and groups, let's face it, Britney is Britney, there's no mistaking that. If you heard her on the  tv or radio you would know who it was instantly, unlike perhaps Jessica and  Mandy. This album is great, 'Oops', 'Stronger', 'Lucky', 'What u see' and   her GREAT (I don't care what u say!) cover of 'Satisfaction' are clearly  the strongest songs and 'Where are you now', 'When your eyes say it' are  ballads which won't hurt anyone. Although they don't scream with the  proffesional perfect sleekness of Mariah and Whitney she's gone a good step  up from 'The 'Icky' Bottom of my broken heart'. Nothing on this album isn't  worth listening to, although perhaps some songs get repetitive they were  just made to make you smile and dance, and they do that with great ease.  It's not a perfect album, but it's one of the best so far this year and if  you like pop buy it!  It beats Mandy Moore anyday!
B00003OSTA|5.0|This is a GREAT movie! Charlton Heston becomes Ben Hur...you can really see why he got an Oscar for his performance! He does a wonderful job. Stephen Boyd also makes a perfectly evil Messala. It's a classic tale of  learning to overcome hatred and learning to forgive. The chariot race is  spectacular, as is the battle at sea! I highly recommend it!
B00000JFV9|5.0|This may not be the most popular album by Mr. Mayfield according to some music critics and die-hard fans. However, for me personally it represents some of the best smoldering R &amp; B  sounds to have come out of the early  70's (before the disco era)! This project reflected the sign of the times  with regards to social themes. Unfortunatley, many of those issues have not  dissipated even in the new milennium.<br />Though the dated movie title or  name SuperFly may evoke a chuckle or two, there is nothing mediocre or  humorous about the heart of Mayfield's material. <br />Anyway, this album is  very reminiscent of Marvin Gaye's classic treasure What's Going On album.  While Mayfield's vocals are not as silky as Gaye's his vocal ability still  delivers and conveys the very essence and emotional meaning behind the  words ! Still, this is one gem worth owning in any record or c.d.  collection. The c.d. version contains an interview/radio ad spotlight along  with previously unreleased versions of the other tracks never released on  vinyl.  <br />To show how this artist is still very much a part of the  entertainment industry's strong influences movies like Armageddon and  recording artists such as Mary J. Blige have implemented his material for  their projects.
020161622X|4.0|This is a fantastic book, and highly recommended, if you are looking for reassurance or guidance in how to approach programming tasks with forethought. The authors touch on several methods to incorporate in the  planning and design phase, as well as guidelines for daily use in how you  choose the development environment or languages you should work in.<br />This  is great stuff, accompanied by excellent examples from the author's  experience and eloquently written (for a technical book), interspersed with  wisdom and humor.<br />My only complaint is that the book is too high-level  (but this is explained early on in the book). I found myself wanting to go  more in depth in regards to specific languages or tools suggested in the  book and the references they cited were not very helpful.<br />All in all this  book is very good, and I see that some people have been using it as a group  study guide - what an excellent idea! This book is great for teaching good  general purpose programming habits, but not for in-depth study into a  single method, tool or language. Nevertheless, you'll find yourself  referencing the wisdom it holds again and again.
630575067X|3.0|I liked the first trilogy, I thought it was pretty good, but this movie didn't seem to be in the same catagory. The plot was kinda boring, and the acting was ok, the only thing that was great is the effects, and the light  saber fights. I always like watching those. It didn't seem like a Star Wars  movie, it was missing a whole lot of stuff. Don't get it I would say,  unless you collect Star Wars movies or something. Not a recommendation.
0446310786|5.0|To Kill a Mockingbird was an excellent book, the dialect and the plot got my attention from the first chapter. The theme and the characters can be relative to life. All together, this book was one of my favorites.
B000001FTQ|4.0|You can find all of these songs on the B-Side to &quot;The Unforgettable Fire&quot; single with the exception of the live (in the studio) version of &quot;Bad&quot; [both Bad and A Sort of Homecoming were both recorded live  in the studio with crowd noise mixed in]. But that version of  &quot;Bad&quot; is worth the price of the CD.<br />I remember it being played  on the radio all summer of 1985, and the spectacular performance of that  song at Live Aid.  A must have.
B00003XB8K|1.0|Where are the catchy tunes from &quot;The Cross of Changes&quot;?  Where is the semi-ethno flavor of &quot;Le Roi est Mort, Vive le Roi&quot;?  What has happened to Enigma?  The &quot;Cross of Changes&quot; album still  remains one of my favorite all time recordings, but none of that spirit is  found in Enigma's last effort.  It is just a repetition of the same beat  and tune over and over again.  Nothing makes you want to come back for  more, nothing moves you inside the way the good old Enigma tunes used to...  I was so disappointed.  I feel they have run out of inspiration, and are  just trying too hard, and unsuccesfully, to keep afloat.  Too much electric  guitar, too many poor vocals, too much repetition... too little to make me  want to play the CD ever again.
B00000IGGA|5.0|This is indeed a fine, fine record.  From the noisy barbecue stylings of Filipino Box Spring Hog to the near tear-jerkers Take It With Me and Picture In A Frame, Waits again casts himself as an eloquent junkyard poet.   The album seems designed to take the listener on a specific emotional  journey, at times grating, at times almost gratuitously endearing, always  interesting enough to press on.  These 16 songs clearly rank among Waits's  best work, indeed among the best music available.
0671027344|5.0|this book amazed me in more ways than one.  the synopsis on the back instantly grabbed my attention, but after reading a couple pages, i fell in love.  i couldn't put it down, i even found myself going in the bathroom so  i could read and not be bothered by my family.  every single scenario that  the narrator told felt like something i thought, or even wrote in my diary  at that age.  all your hopes dreams and fears are exposed in this book.   the ending is wonderfully sweet and poetic.  the entire way of telling the  story in letters to this &quot;anonymous&quot; person made the book all the  more personal.  i give it five stars, &quot;fine holiday(or any day for  that matter)fun.!&quot;
B00004THAY|5.0|Hearing the music made me forget my arthritis, get the Gibson out of the closet, set between the speakers and join in.  If you like slow blues with great guitar rifts, you'll love this CD.
B000003BF1|5.0|It's funny the amount of reviews that summarily dismiss Monkey Man as a throw-away recording.  For me, it is the probably one of the greatest Stones tunes written (I also find the oft-cited throwaway Can't You Hear Me  Knockin' one of the greatest).  They album as a whole, however, is  extraordinary.  A must-buy.
0671015206|3.0|Stats are great but the inferences weren't that leading.  I guess I expected more &quot;how to&quot; instead of &quot;how come&quot;.
B00004TL21|3.0|not even close to the landmark album &quot;Adrenaline&quot;. While there is nothing horribly wrong with this cd, it seems to me Deftones have lost some of their rough edginess to become more acceptable.  Who can blame  them, Korn did the same thing.
6305546789|5.0|Compared to the last dvd by anchor bay, it was like their first dvd out in November of 1997, and it was horrible. The 2 1/2 year wait for this was well worth it, all with extras and things. Although the people at Anchor  Bay should have included more features that were on the Laser Discs like  the review from siskel and ebert. BUt who cares it looks beautiful
B00004TL21|3.0|not even close to the landmark album &quot;Adrenaline&quot;. While there is nothing horribly wrong with this cd, it seems to me Deftones have lost some of their rough edginess to become more acceptable.  Who can blame  them, Korn did the same thing.
B00004SCX6|1.0|Being in the teenaged crowd, I have already heard this album ten times over even though I do not own it myself. It is absolutely nothing new or original, just the same glossed-over pop, plus an insulting rendition of  &quot;I Can't Get No Satisfaction.&quot; Britney Spears has done it before,  and people have bought it, and now it seems the mindless teen population is  falling for it again. If you want to listen to some pop that's actually  really good and imaginative, try the lesser known Japanese group's first  american album &quot;Dreams Come True.&quot; Britney's sound is the same  old trash.
0790744759|5.0|If you're one of those people that try to run over squirrels crossing the road, call the police every time your neighbor has a party, or can't wait till the kids are old enough to send off to boarding school and the elder  ones are old enough to send to a home... if this is you, avoid this movie.  Everyone else, get it. \\"Meet Me In St. Louis\\" is hardly ever considered to  be one of the greatest American films and I can't understand why. <br />Judy  has never been better, not even as Dorothy, and Margaret O'Brien is  irresistibly charming. This is clearly Judy Garland's movie but that  doesn't stop Margaret O'Brien from stealing scene after scene. \\"The Trolley  Song\\" and \\"Under the Bamboo Tree\\" are unforgettable showcases of Judy's  talent and \\"Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas\\" and \\"You and I\\" are two  of the most heartwarming moments in the cinema's history. In fact, after  you get the movie, you might want to swing over and get the soundtrack as  well. This is one of those flawless movies that even if it had a flaw you  wouldn't notice. Every part is performed with delightfulness and no one  directs a musical like Minnelli. The move musical is one of the few art  forms that is truly American, and no movie proves that more thoroughly than  \\"Meet Me In St. Louis.\\" Get it and see how great American culture was  before the Beatles.
B000021XR5|5.0|in a time when false sensitivity is hawked for a price to millions of screaming girls, it's very hard to find the real thing. but the stone temple pilots are sensitive. the music on, &quot;NO. 4,&quot; trancends all  of their other albums, and it is by far more genuine than them as well.
B00004RYZT|5.0|If you have only heard their music but never seen them live get ready for a visual experience you will want to watch over &amp; over &amp; over again.  More than half of the songs have great pyrotechnics from Spark Flares to a Flamethrower shot over the crowd. The keyboardist does the  ultimate bodysurf in Seamaman where the security tosses him inot the crowd  with in a rubber boat which he rides out for  most of the song while the  rest of the band delivers their unique great sound. Shot in Germany the  crowd is massive and the lightshow is excellent, will truly shock you as to  just how popular this band is.
B000006045|5.0|this is an amazing album. massive attack's experiments with both goth music (the song, &quot;man next door,&quot; samples the Cure) and metallic guitars (particularly &quot;dissolved girl&quot;) are truly breathtaking. a  must have for trip-hop fans
1853718963|5.0|I stayed up until 5am reading this novel, couldn't put it down. It's a delightful comedy and a touching, thoughtprovoking account of addiction at the same time, and I warmly recommend it. Some of the solutions and  explanations regarding the protagonist's addiction problem seem a little  too simple, but on the whole the plot is believable. I would have liked to  learn more about the minor characters (and Rachel's struggle after the  treatment centre), but I suppose the point is that an addiction makes the  protagonist rather self-centered. <br />I didn't like the ending much though,  it provides a romantic denouement too easy to my liking. My solution: stop  reading a couple of pages before the end, after Rachel has met the  significant male other in her life, and there's a &quot;sort of&quot;    happy ending. I think the book would have been more powerful if it stopped  just there, when there's a glimpse of hope for the future and a sense of  resolved past differences. Having a knight in shining armour barge in at  the end does somehow not fit the general tone of the book, since this is  not a romance novel.
B00000DLV1|5.0|a lot of people are going to disagree with me for this, but i think that this is the best protishead album. it captures the best moments from both of their albums, and presents them with a 30 piece orchestra backing them  up. stunning re-workings of, &quot;Glory Box,&quot; &quot;All Mine,&quot;  &quot;Half Day Closing,&quot; &quot;Sour Times,&quot; and particularly,  &quot;Only You,&quot; actually sound better live. definitely worth the  money.
B00000DFSK|4.0|Not a bad CD but if you want something good form U2 buy Pop.  It's much better than The Best Of 1980-1990.
0694003611|5.0|I have my copy of this book since I was a baby when my father read my brother and me to sleep.  It is worn down and old, some of the pages are torn, the corners frayed with age...and yet, it is a token of my childhood  that I will never give up.  This is a must have for any child and  parent...it is a memory that will last forever...it is the bedtime story  you will memorize from the day you are brought home until the day your  grandchild reads it to you.
B00003BDXG|5.0|Along with &quot;Fight Club&quot;, this is probably my all-time favorite movie. It is the most visual of films. It looks especially beautiful on DVD. A true work of art and a must-have DVD.
B000020617|5.0|My brother swore to me that he would never listen to these guys...and yet, the second I put on the CD...he was all ears.  The Foo Fighters are a great band that have come thru yet again.  This is a must-have for any music  lover.
0375501851|3.0|The first dazzling 90 pages or so of White Teeth will lure you in, make you call your friends to tell them about this amazing thing you just discovered (if you can actually tear yourself from the book) and rekindle  your hope for the future of contemporary fiction. And then the next 300 or  so pages will sober you up. By the end you'll only be able to wish you  could have adored the book as much as you had originally wanted to, like a  lover you move in with after a month, only to find yourself quickly,  abjectly disappointed by their ordinary human failings.<br />Smith's book  benefits from comparison to the mediocrity passing for serious fiction  that's received such currency the past five years or so. Its blend of high  and lowbrow humor and erudition allows it popular consumption while  stimulating the intellects of serious readers. Its famously bedazzling  passages will, indeed, blow you away at times. And the scope of the  author's imagination is, indeed, astounding. The book's strengths are  strengths that other recent fiction has conspicuously lacked. It is not a  trendy book, and it earns the frequent comparisons to  Rushdie.<br />Nevertheless, Smith showcases some major weaknesses. Most  seriously, her characters, who at first introduction seem so promisingly  complex, degenerate into caricatures who too often Speak For Their People.  How could Smith have glossed over Samad Iqbal's initial complexities and  let him become an utterly predictable Resentful Bengali Immigrant? How  could she have resorted to letting Archie Jones rest on his predictable  laurels as merely a Simple, Good-Natured English Bloke? The answer is  clear: those are the easiest ways to think about and write characters.  Everyone is familiar with stereotyped, predigested notions of Otherness.  Yet no one in real life is that cut and dry. And no one in the beginning of  her book is that predictable, either. Hence the disappointment. I found  myself wanting to scream out at times &quot;No,my Alsana would never have  said that! Or if she had, it would only have been  ironically!&quot;<br />Another problem is the heavy-handed pop existentialism  that informs the book and passes for its Big Idea. The book, beyond its  multiculti particularities, is essentially a treatment of the ageless  problem of free will versus predestination. What at first are subtly  suggested recurring themes become louder and louder, cruder and cruder  bombasts, articulated more and more overtly again and again (so that every  minor character and incident is retroactively subsumed into the book's  unfortunate &quot;argument&quot;), culminating in an arch finale that  redefines cheap and easy. <br />Yes, you can see I am bitter. I expected more  from White Teeth. Not just from its hype, but from its glorious first  hundred pages and the revivifying moments of greatness that followed. I  think we should start a campaign to demand that Smith go back and properly  rewrite the thing, giving her limitlessly promising book the time it so  deserved (you can still be this year's literary ingenue, Zadie, don't  worry). I think we all deserve that much from her.
B00000J7JO|5.0|The Red Hot Chili Peppers are hotter than ever with Californification.  And I'm sooo impressed.  They have everything here...and I couldn't have said it better myself.
0375501851|3.0|The first dazzling 90 pages or so of White Teeth will lure you in, make you call your friends to tell them about this amazing thing you just discovered (if you can actually tear yourself from the book) and rekindle  your hope for the future of contemporary fiction. And then the next 300 or  so pages will sober you up. By the end you'll only be able to wish you  could have adored the book as much as you had originally wanted to, like a  lover you move in with after a month, only to find yourself quickly,  abjectly disappointed by their ordinary human failings.<br />Smith's book  benefits from comparison to the mediocrity passing for serious fiction  that's received such currency the past five years or so. Its blend of high  and lowbrow humor and erudition allows it popular consumption while  stimulating the intellects of serious readers. Its famously bedazzling  passages will, indeed, blow you away at times. And the scope of the  author's imagination is, indeed, astounding. The book's strengths are  strengths that other recent fiction has conspicuously lacked. It is not a  trendy book, and it earns the frequent comparisons to  Rushdie.<br />Nevertheless, Smith showcases some major weaknesses. Most  seriously, her characters, who at first introduction seem so promisingly  complex, degenerate into caricatures who too often Speak For Their People.  How could Smith have glossed over Samad Iqbal's initial complexities and  let him become an utterly predictable Resentful Bengali Immigrant? How  could she have resorted to letting Archie Jones rest on his predictable  laurels as merely a Simple, Good-Natured English Bloke? The answer is  clear: those are the easiest ways to think about and write characters.  Everyone is familiar with stereotyped, predigested notions of Otherness.  Yet no one in real life is that cut and dry. And no one in the beginning of  her book is that predictable, either. Hence the disappointment. I found  myself wanting to scream out at times &quot;No,my Alsana would never have  said that! Or if she had, it would only have been  ironically!&quot;<br />Another problem is the heavy-handed pop existentialism  that informs the book and passes for its Big Idea. The book, beyond its  multiculti particularities, is essentially a treatment of the ageless  problem of free will versus predestination. What at first are subtly  suggested recurring themes become louder and louder, cruder and cruder  bombasts, articulated more and more overtly again and again (so that every  minor character and incident is retroactively subsumed into the book's  unfortunate &quot;argument&quot;), culminating in an arch finale that  redefines cheap and easy. <br />Yes, you can see I am bitter. I expected more  from White Teeth. Not just from its hype, but from its glorious first  hundred pages and the revivifying moments of greatness that followed. I  think we should start a campaign to demand that Smith go back and properly  rewrite the thing, giving her limitlessly promising book the time it so  deserved (you can still be this year's literary ingenue, Zadie, don't  worry). I think we all deserve that much from her.
B00001PE4D|5.0|There is no let down...no anti climax....no disappointment...this is a wonderful recreation of Dangerous Liasons.  Ryan Phillipe is to die for...Reese Witherspoon is positively succulent.  The sex, the drama, the  steam...it's wonderful.  If mind games appeal, this is the movie for you...
B00004SCX6|5.0|There are only a handfull of cd's in my medium size collection that I like all the songs. This one was one of them, at the beginning I only heard a few of the songs over and over, but now that is the only cd I play on my  car (I listen to every song). It is an excellent pick to have in your  collection. My favorite songs from this albul are &quot;Don't let me be the  last to know&quot; and &quot;Where are you now&quot;
B00004RF98|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies of all time! I just watched it again the other day, and I realized that no matter how many times I watch Singin' in the Rain, I'll NEVER get tired of it!  My absolute favorite character is  Lina Lamont. She is totally hillarious and keeps me laughing even after the  movie's over. This gets me a lot of strange looks, but I don't care. I love  this movie. Donald O'Connor is also brilliant. Every classic comedy routine  worth doing, he does in his hillarious numbers and conversations with Don  Lockwood (Gene Kelly). Before I saw this, I thought that Hollywood didn't  have a sense of humor before the 1970's or 80's. I know now that Singin in  the Rain is one of the top comedies ever made; in the present or the past.
B000002JAX|5.0|I heard one or two songs from this CD on the radio and had to have it. I don't buy a lot of music, but this one begged to be added to my little library. Madeleine's voice is so evocative of a whole era of wonderful  music, particularly when faced with the &quot;trash&quot; of today. I put  on this album and drift into bayou country. Puts me in mind of the movie  &quot;Fried Green Tomatoes&quot;...one of my favorites!  More music,  Madeleine!
0517122707|4.0|and never read it till now.  Outstanding characters.  I wanted to reach into the book and strangle the main character, Ignatius, several times but then could not wait to see what he would do next.
B000007SPT|5.0|More than music, this album is an atmosphere. This mortal coil - formed by the same people of the reknown groups Dead Can Dance, Cocteau Twins and Colour Box, to name some - wraps you with its rhythm, surrounding you with  the anguish, the love and the despair of modern life, but with a deep sense  of simplicity. &quot;Song to the siren&quot; is the most beautiful chant  from this CD, along with the exotic &quot;Barramundi&quot;, and the  industrial sound of &quot;Fyt&quot;. Six years after the first time I  cassualy heard it when searching for a theatrical play, I got it and is one  of my favorites in my collection.
B00000J7J4|2.0|I thought that this album was really going to be good, Carlos has an excellent style and some great songs in his history. I found the album lacking a presence or feeling. I do like &quot;Smooth&quot;, but without  Rob Thomas, the song wouldn't be that great... I just thought the ablum was  a letdown considering the potential.
0679452729|2.0|Cassette Version<br />I enjoyed Night over Water and the Key to Rebecca and was really disappointed by this.  Perhaps Follett should stick to WWII.  I listened to the audio version and when I had to switch it to side two I  wondered why I was wasting my time and stopped.<br />Two things really  irritated me.  The first was the stereotypical insensitive doctor  collecting rape evidence.  The second was the reader's abrasive accent.<br />I  found I wasn't enjoying it and popped another cassette in the tape player.   The 2 stars are giving it the benefit of the doubt as I only listened to  one side of one tape. Otherwise it would have received 1.
B000021XS0|5.0|What do you really remember in music?  Do you remember hauntingly familiar melodies?  Do rhythms shift in and out of the transients of your mind?  Does a single unconventional passage stand forth?  If so, the deja vous  will become a bit stronger after Dream Theater's latest musical offering is  experienced. Scenes From a Memory is an elaboration on the original  thematic presentation of \\"Metropolis part I\\" from 1992's breakthrough  Images and Words.  The conceptual stance of the work harkens back to the  musical idealism of such contemporaries as Rush, Savatage and Queensryche.   The cascading melodies and lush harmonies are both progressive and  psychedelic in nature and often ring forth with overtones of predecessors  such as Pink Floyd, the Who and Yes. The poetic guitar and keyboard lines  often are as important to the story as the lyrical content itself and add  to the interpretative aspect of the overall piece.  Each layer of  instrumentation is interwoven like the pattern of a quilt until each neat  little snippet of sound has found it's place among the larger landscape.  The musical dexterity of Dream Theater as a quintet stems from their  ability to incorporate fluid time and key signature changes, interspersed  with classical and fusion inspiration inside the realm of metal.  Each  individual acts as a soloist in his given time and helps paint the overall  picture while continuously transcending the structure of musical notation  in an aural psychedelia.  The emotional expressionism on Scenes From a  Memory is easily the highlight of the work, as James LaBrie finally comes  to terms with his vocal approach and incorporates both a traditional metal  sound with the operatic voice he has become known for in a very personal  approach.   Not since Awake have Dream Theater sounded this strong on both  the musical and the conceptual front, and never have they undertaken as  great of a task as a 77+ minute, continuously flowing masterpiece.  If you  have yet to experience for yourself the impact of Dream Theater on your  mind and heart that this is the time, before the music becomes just a  memory.
B00000DHRZ|3.0|It was disappointing, but I rated it 3 stars because I really like Offspring. The songs are too commercial, to be played in pop radios. It has good moments, but not too much. It seems that the quality of the songs  affected their performance on stage. The last show in Rio de Janeiro was  far inferior from the previous one (Ixnay on The Hombre tour, if I can call  it this). They were just burocratic, with no energy. As the album, the show  was disappointing.
6304341849|4.0|Scene after delicious scene of elegant Merchant-Ivory cinema, amply  layered with English High Tea manners and Victorian prudishness  &quot;played up&quot; to deliver both an amusing period fantasy and  stinging social satire.  A muted yet emotionally devastating &quot;dance of  desire&quot; with a nervous, social-climbing Cambridge pal sets into motion  a search for Maurice's own place in a world that is at every turn hostile  to his &quot;despicable&quot; dream of having &quot;one special  friend.&quot;  It is the stuff of tragedies. But wisely, Maurice does not  yield to the call of the Oxbridge dons, the Christian moralizers, or the  psychologist, that urges him to enjoin the conservative stereotype favored  by the British industrial empire and his social class. Unlike his Cambridge  camarade conformer, Maurice cannot forget the &quot;lesson of the  Greeks.&quot; Accompanying the &quot;salvation&quot; he finds in heady  erotic pleasure with a servant(a dirty, albeit tasty gamekeeper played by  Rupert Graves) Maurice is also offered a chance to experience true, albeit  unconventional, friendship, and (yes,Victoria!) love. But will this mongrel  love wilt, or grow? No conclusive ending, but its romantic overtones fly in  the face of a world demanding sacrifice of one's personal desire to gain  social respectability. Maurice and the gamekeeper emerge as victors aslong  as they are in each other's arms--and to hell with the rest. A serious  message which can inspire young gay viewers--as well as everyone else--to  hold onto their visions.  Based on a novel set in turn-of-the-century  Cambridge(where by all accounts Forster, like his forlorn main character,  likely anguished as a repressed gay academic), the film is also a  delightful &quot;period&quot; piece, in the manner of &quot;Room with a  View,&quot;Passage to India,&quot; etc. An excellent score enhances this  special film.
B00004T8RK|3.0|Its a good album. Not very good. What Im trying to say is that Binaural is like No Code and Yield. If you liked them youll like this one very much. Pearl Jam has changed since Ten and VS, for me the best of them, but  as I said Binaural is a good work.
B00004T9UH|5.0|This is most likely to be the best rap cd on the face of the Earth! Just don't let your kids get a hold of it.Sure it has it's bad mouth but didn't all of the Eminem's fans expect that , c'mon man , if you heard the stuff  that he sings on this album ,  believe me , you would probualy go to a  store at 4:00 in the morning to pick yourself up a copy!
B000022TSF|5.0|Ah, the good ol' days of the 1930s. Gritty private eyes, rich socialites,  political corruption. All of these long forgotten qualities are showcased  in Roman Polanski's Chinatown, the 1970s film noir detective classic about  J.J. Gittes' journey through the tangled web of a Los Angeles mystery. Jack  Nicholson provides yet another timeless role as the hard-boiled Gittes,  whose investigation of an illeged affair leads to a road of corruption,  power, incest, and money. Faye Dunaway is also brilliant as the tortured  Evelyn Mulray, who lives in her father's dark shadow and hides an  incredible secret that brings down her world. <br />Every aspect of this movie  resulted in flawless filmaking, from the shady cinamatography to the  changes of scenery in and around Southern California. Polanski creates a  multitude of sleazy characters, all of whom hide dark flaws, even Gittes.  In Gittes' world, no man (or woman) can escape from the city's corruption;  this is Polanski's ultimate goal, to show the flaws in his characters.  Polanski himself even makes a cameo appearance, as a knife-wielding hoodlum  who gives Gittes alot of pain, literally. But the most interesting  character, besides Gittes, is John Huston's Noah Cross, the rich water boss  who is seemingly capable of any crime. His dense character begs the viewer  to ask, &quot;What drives this guy to be evil?&quot;<br />Chinatown is a  classic, the kind of movie that comes along every 20 years and causes  multiple rentals and becomes a staple of any movie buff's collection.  Nicholson, Dunaway and Houston all give memorable performances, perhaps the  best of their careers, and Polanski pieces the story together into a  mystery/drama/noir, which never gets boring. Every movie fan should be  forced to watch this movie and exclaim, &quot;What ever happened to making  good movies?&quot; Well, they don't make movies like they used to.
0767825411|4.0|'Big Budget' and 'Funny' rarely go together, but 'Ghostbusters' is the exception. With a screenplay written by, among others, SNL veteran Dan Aykroyd and featuring a droll performance by another SNL star Bill Murray.  Add a little special effects to the mix, and you've got a cultural  phenomenon from the 80's that's also one of the funniest films of recent  times. While all the cast is funny, there is no doubt that Bill Murray gets  the best jokes, Rick Moranis is also very funny as Weaver's bumbling  neighbor. Filled with many elements that have now become screen cliches;  green ooze called 'slime', the green blob called 'slimer' (who was  supposedly modeled after John Belushi), and who could forget the attack of  the giant marshmallow man. Very funny, filled with both low-brow and  high-brow humor. From a scale of 1-10 I give this film a 7!
B00000JGHM|4.0|Heat, created by the acclaimed Michael Mann (The Insider), is a great (but long) crime movie about bank robbers and the men who attempt to pursue them in Los Angeles. It is fascinating to see Robert DeNiro and Al Pacino in a  movie together, altough strangely you can never see the two mens' faces on  the screen at the same time at any point in the movie. Val Kilmer is also  effective as the wild yet driven bank robber who cannot settle down with  his estranged wife, played by Ashely Judd. However, this movie belongs to  Pacino and DeNiro, who play two men obssessed with completing their  ulterior motives. DeNiro wants to complete that final heist, and Pacino  wants to track DeNiro down. Besides some flat dialogue and a peculiar  performance by Jon Voight, this movie was greatly underrated by the critics  and public.
B0000296SI|5.0|This cd is the bestof all.Blink 182 are so funny so r there songs so buy this cd.
6304765789|5.0|I think if this movie had been advertised then it would have been real popular.  If you like plot twists and trying to figure how it's going to end then this is the movie for you.  This movie is about a man who gets a  birthday present from his brother and has no clue what it is.  Neither does  the audience, finding out is one of the best parts
B000006XSD|4.0|This is probably an underrated Alice album.  If you understand Alice, you'll get it.  It is a confessional album (he has described it as such), with the famous Alice humor.  It's interesting to compare this album with  another classic confessional album involving some of the same issues  (alcoholism, vulnerability in relationships, sexual tastes):  &quot;Empty  Glass&quot; by Pete Townshend.  Strangely enough, they are similar attempts  at honesty; but Townshend's work is dark, serious, and bitter. Alice has no  bitterness.  He knows how NOT to take himself so seriously, but his  confession is no less profound. This album has some fine musicianship.   Listen to Alice's perfect singing on &quot;Damned If You Do&quot; and  &quot;Ubangi Stomp.&quot;  Excellent guitar work on &quot;It's Hot  Tonight,&quot; complete with cats screaming. I agree with the reviewer who  says &quot;You and Me&quot; is the finest Cooper ballad; check out the  absolutely beautiful horn arrangements.  And the last stunning track,  &quot;My God,&quot; reveals a secret about A.C.'s body of work which few  might suspect: lying not-so-far-behind this shock-rocker's various  &quot;nightmares&quot; is the looming shadow of theistic faith.  The Alice  character is a man who can't escape faith, knows it, but is going to have a  hell of a lot of fun pretending that he can. It's a stronger and more real  witness than 10,000 contemporary Christian albums.  The only serious  drawback here is the production---it is rather murky.  If &quot;Lace and  Whiskey&quot; had been recorded more carefully it would pack even more of a  punch.
B0000047CX|5.0|Although this classic was recorded in the mid-sixties, it presentation is timeless. If you are a fan of Brazilian Jass this one album, of the thousands produced, is a must have in your collection of samba classics.  I  have this album on vinyl and it is the album I still play, after thirty  years, repeatly.  &quot;The Girl From Ipanema&quot; recording is the  &quot;orginal&quot; and never recorded better by any other artists. In fact  on this CD it is recorded it is twice because the single 45 rpm version  does not have Joao Gilberto singing this song in lyricical Portuguese.  Frankly, Getz plays sax slightly better, if that's possible, in the first  cut than he played on the single (you might agree). Mastero Antonio Carlos  Jobim, composer of all you will hear, is playing piano here and keeping the  integrity of rhythm, lyric and purpose. I believe that Astrid Gilberto is  the subconscience voice of the Girl of Impanema--if the girl were to speak.        This whole album is a one hour vacation and from beginning to end one  feels transported to Impanema Beach. I don't know about others but after  listening I swear there is Brazilian sand between my toes, I am sure than  that I have spent the day basting on the beaches of San Paulo and I am  ready for a night of Rio De Jerneirian reverie with Corcovado a near  reality.
B00003Q43A|5.0|&quot;ID4&quot; is a movie that people are either going to love or hate. I  personally LOVE this movie. The acting and special effects are top notch,  there is a plot, not much of one but there is one and no people, this is  NOT a remake of The War of the Worlds. I have read some of the reviews on  here and frankly, I can accept people's reasons why they hate this movie,  but some of them are lame. Like one reviewer mentioning about the swaying  palm trees after the nuclear fire or the fact that Jeff Goldblum's  character can access the alien mothership with a laptop. It's only a movie!  This movie wasn't made to be analyzed for it's flaws. It was made for fun!  Anyway, the plot has alien beings invading the Earth in 15-mile wide  spaceships that hover over important cities and soon, they destroy them and  plan to take over the world and wipe us out. A small band of survivors must  band together to stop them before it's too late. Plain and simple. Nothing  complicated. The special effects are awesome. Shots of the First Interstate  Tower, Empire State Building and White House being blown apart are  spectacular and very realistic. The firestorm that occurs afterwards is  also fantastic. There is also plenty of action as F-15 jets and alien  crafts engage in a huge air battle with missles flying and explosions  happening. It's a good deal for anyone who loves action and sci-fi  disaster.
B0000047CX|5.0|Although this classic was recorded in the mid-sixties, it presentation is timeless. If you are a fan of Brazilian Jass this one album, of the thousands produced, is a must have in your collection of samba classics.  I  have this album on vinyl and it is the album I still play, after thirty  years, repeatly.  &quot;The Girl From Ipanema&quot; recording is the  &quot;orginal&quot; and never recorded better by any other artists. In fact  on this CD it is recorded it is twice because the single 45 rpm version  does not have Joao Gilberto singing this song in lyricical Portuguese.  Frankly Stan Getz plays, sax slightly better if that's possible, in the  first cut than he played on the single (you might agree). Mastero Antonio  Carlos Jobim, composer of all you will hear, is playing piano here and  keeping the integrity of rhythm, lyric and purpose. I believe that Astrid  Gilberto is the subconscience voice of the Girl of Impanema--if the girl  were to speak.       This whole album is a one hour vacation and from  beginning to end one feels transported to Impanema Beach. I don't know  about others but after listening I swear there is Brazilian sand between my  toes, I am sure than that I have spent the day basting on the beaches of  San Paulo and I am ready for a night of Rio De Jerneirian reverie with  Corcovado a near reality.
B00003CWOL|1.0|This should have been called 'DogFlop'. Not even  'cameos' by Carlin and  Rock can help this smoldering pile of a movie. It literally accelerates  into hyper-stupidity as it unfolds. Imagine a movie that portrays God as a  female played by creepy, big-headed Alanis Morisette and  maybe you'll  waste your money on something else. I would rate it more at around five or  six numbskulls if I could.
B00003CWLE|5.0|This is a movie of quality, and I deeply wish I could have talked my husband into going to see it at the theater--it deserves a big screen. Hmmmm....Maybe I'll buy a bigger TV. This is a visually beautiful, moving,  and romantic-without-sappiness film. Men and women both will appreciate its  compelling action and passion. And BTW, I thought Jodie Foster's accent was  believable and admirably executed.
B00004SCX6|5.0|I Thank this is Britney's best work yet. if you don't have this CD go Buy it today,and you will be happy. I thank Britney put her Heart in to this Cd. this cd is going to go on the TOP FIVE for 2000. all the Britney Spears  fans injoy this cd it is the GRREATEST.
B000002JOH|5.0|In my own opinion, I think Pantera is the best Heavy Metal band of the 90's and late 80's. They rock and it is just what you need to get away from things. I am 12 and this CD kicks.
B000002KBU|5.0|Joni Mitchell's finest writing in my honest opinion.  Her open tuning styles, coupled with her lamenting voice make Blue one of my favorite albums of all time.  James Taylor is definitely an added bonus!
0671027344|5.0|I read The Perks of Being a Wallflower, by Stephen Chbosky, in April of my sophomore year at college. A friend lent it to me and I had read it within twelve hours. This book reaches inside of you and pulls everything to the  surface. It is a beautiful and painful story about a 15 year old boy,  Charlie, moving through his freshmen year of highschool. It is written in  letter form to an unknown friend. Charlie is always completely honest,  whether he is describing his first &quot;beer&quot; party where he  witnessed a girl being raped by her boyfriend, or explaining masturbation  and his excitement for this newfound &quot;activity.&quot; Charlie is a  wallflower who observes people and feels very deeply for the experiences  occuring around him. His favorite Aunt Helen died in a car accident when he  was six, and he holds himself accountable, and his best friend committed  suicide a year before he began the letters. His English teacher realizes  Charlie's potential and brilliance and asks him to try and participate,  which Charlie agrees to do. He becomes friends with two seniors Patrick and  Samantha and begins to experience dances, parties, the Rocky Horror Picture  Show, pot, love, bad trips and sexuality. We feel exhilerated when Charlie  describes his happy moments, and we are swallowed in pain when Charlie is  overwhelmed by his depression. Charlie's realizations are eye opening for  us, and we are so captivated and immersed in his life that his life and  stories become a very real experience. This book is about moments, and  being as much alive within each moment as possible. It is about looking  around us at the world and the people and appreciating that we don't know  what their lives are like, and the pain and happiness that they experience  day to day, so we shouldn't judge them but accept them and appreciate them.  A favorite section of this book, for me, was when Charlie describes the  movie It's A Wonderful Life, and how he wished the movie had been about one  of the less heroic characters so the audience could have seen the meaning  that this person's life held. That moment is just one example of Charlie's  amazing intuition. This book should not be limited to a certain  &quot;category&quot; of people. I truly believe that it would be  understood, appreciated, and loved by everyone aged 12 (+ or - a few) and  up regardless of gender, race, sexuality, etc. This book changes you, if  only for a moment, but you are not the same upon completion, and you become  more appreciative of life then ever.
B000001FDK|5.0|I love this album so much. Young or old, you just can't help but sing along to it. Everybody should definitely go out and buy this. It seems to cheer you up whenever you are feeling down. The bass line on 'You're the  one that I want' has to be the funkiest thing I have ever heard too!
B00004NRWH|5.0|I am blown away. I never expected this band to churn out such great songs. Leader of Men is just great, but the other songs on the album even surpass that. Ive been waiting so long for a band like this.
0930289234|5.0|What can I say about this book that hasn't already been said? About the only original things I can think of right now is DO NOT WRITE THIS OFF AS JUST ANOTHER COMIC BOOK and when you read it don't skip anything, you'll  need to real it all to get the point.
6304362498|4.0|Having just re-watched this for the first time since the '80s I have to say this is a far stronger more rounded film than I remember. I had re-read the book prior to my last viewing and the film, brilliantly realised as it  is, seemed like a 2 dimensional glossary in comparison (always the way I  suppose). <br />The story itself is product of it's age far more than any  attempt at crystal ball gazing. a dark extrapolation of all the worst fears  and trends of 1947 Britain. The film stays amazingly close to this vision  given the gulf of history that had passed between then and our  (non-Orwellian) 1984. <br />In 1947 The USSR had just tested their A-bomb.  Meanwhile in Britain food was still being rationed with no end to economic  deprivation in sight and we still had a conscript army to police the  dismantling of empire. The elation of the Wars end had started to subside  as the business of the day to day struggle to survive took over. The  prospect of our shattered, exhausted economy having to contend with another  major war against a Nuclear armed totalitarian state and the possible  aftermath are what fuelled George Orwells nightmare. But the bleak satire  is not entirely without dark humour. Check the recurrent theme of the first  30 minutes or so, of the gratitude of the populace as the joyous news is  announced of an increase in the chocolate ration from 30 grammes to 25  grammes per week.<br />One of Orwell's central themes in the book, which is  well expressed here, is the role of language as a shaper and facilitator of  conceptual thought. Restrict the language and you restrict the capacity to  think. Or so goes the Party's theory anyway. &quot;Its a beautiful thing,  the destruction of words&quot; Muses one of Winstons co-workers.<br />The  performances are subtle, graceful and powerful, as one would expect from  such a cast. Particularly worth mentioning are Cyril Cusack as the  grandfatherly Thought-Policeman. His screen time is around 6 minutes but  the effect is chilling. Also, Gregor Fisher. A gifted comic actor better  known to UK TV audiences as Rab.C.Nesbitt an unemployable Glaswegian  philosopher/drunkard. Here proving the range of his abilities as the jolly,  tragic Parsons. Richard Burton as O'Brian is consumate and masterly. The  man had gravitas. A rare thing.<br />The only real downpoint of the film as a  project is the dire musical contribution of the Eurythmics. These are  especially embarrassing presented as they are, beside the suberb  compositions of Dominic Muldowney for the film. One can only assume that it  was supposed at the time that the addition of what was then a big act to  the project would help with publicity &amp; ticket sales. But as Prince  proved in 'Batman' and Queen proved with 'Flash Gordon', inspiration can't  be forced. In this case the Director has had sufficient sense to bury the  Eurythmics' contribution deep into the tapestry of the film where it barely  does any damage at all.<br />This is a powerful film and a fitting tribute to  the talents of Richard Burton. For that reason alone it does not deserve to  be forgotten the way it seems to have been. Re-release and a suitable DVD  treatment should now be a studio priority.
B00000JMQD|5.0|I can still remember seeing this for the first time when I was 5 years old.  &quot;Return To Oz&quot; has to be one of the most haunting and beautiful films I have ever seen and remains one of my favorites to this  day even as I watch it time after time.  The new widescreen version offers  even more depth into Walter Murch's new and exciting vision for Oz.  Yes  it's dark and at times creepy, but that's what makes it so wonderful.   Fairuza Balk is memorable as a wide eyed, and haunted Dorothy, troubled by  memories of Oz and seemingly trapped by her longing to return there.  The  sets, which have a lovely, 1900's look, are magnificent and add a whole  dimension to the film.  The images of a crumbled Yellow Brick Road, and an  Emerald City in ruins still give me an uneasy feeling, and Mombi is still  terrifying, as well as a trip to a Kansas insane asylum.  The underrated  score by David Shire is nothing short of magnificent and one of the best.   Many fans have praised the movie, and deservedly so, for keeping in line  with the more dark nature of the original Oz books.  Don't get me wrong, I  will always treasure the original as a fun filled, frothy Technicolor  escape, but &quot;Return To Oz&quot; will always be head and shoulders my  favorite.  This is a haunting yet beautiful favorite that sorely needs to  be rediscovered.
0790732254|5.0|I am not exaggerating when I say that, in my opinion, this is the finest  movie ever made.  Elizabeth Taylor(who gained weight &amp; went out of her  way to appear much older to get this role) and Richard Burton give the best  performances of their careers.  Mike Nichols(The Graduate) does a wonderful  directing job.  This adaptation of Edward Albee's dark play is perfect.   There is not a wasted line in the entire film.   The language and subject  matter of this movie were quite controversial when this movie initially was  released(1966).  It is as intense and unsettling as sitting between your  favorite married couple as they have the worst argument you can imagine.   George Segal &amp; Sandy Dennis are brilliant as the young couple who come  over to spend an evening with George &amp; Martha(Burton &amp; Taylor).   They unwittingly walk into the dreadful twilight years of what appears to  be one of the most disastrous marriages ever to grace the silver screen.   The wit, realism &amp; nastiness of this film have to be seen to be  believed!   Segal &amp; Dennis' characters are at the beginning of their  marriage when they meet George &amp; Martha.  They will never be the same  after one night in the hell of those wicked hearts.   There is very dark  humor, intensely painful moments, as well as plentiful suspense and shock.   I don't want to give away the details...so I won't.   Ah, but these are  just words on a screen.  Get this movie and experience the most  well-written movie I have ever seen!<br />  As far as screwed up alcoholic  love stories go, this is right there with Days Of Wine &amp; Roses/The Lost  Weekend/Barfly.  I had to pause it a couple of times the first time I ever  saw it...just to let the tension settle some.  It's that strong!
0618002227|5.0|J.R.R.Tolkien was not an actual groundbreaker with these stories. The stories of Middle-Earth are based on a mixture of post-Roman English stories and Olde Norse myth. However, he combined age-old themes and  fascinating peoples in an ingenious story-telling marvel that has never  been matched. If you are have never read this book, but love fantasy  novels, this could very well become your bible. If you don't you may find  this is a gateway to a whole new literal world. THe Lord of the Rings  series is simple in themes, with amazing characters and adventures that  young and old will treasure.
B00004RFFM|5.0|Not quite as good as Jaws, but Deep Blue Sea is still one of my top rated movies of all time.  Brilliant movie!
0792140346|3.0|The movie was a very sorry adaptation of a great book.  If you want to know how this movie should have been made, go read the book.  It is much better.
0140544518|5.0|Jon Scieskza never disappoints and he's not starting now.  He's taken the story of The Three Pigs and given it a new twist.  This time, the story is told by the Big Bad Wolf.  Only he really wasn't so bad.  It was all a  silly mistake.  He was only going to the pig houses to borrow a cup of  sugar and he had a terrible sneezy cold.  And as the wolf says...&quot;The  rest is history&quot;.  Great writing with witty, hip language.  Terrific  illustrations by Lane Smith.  This is a wonderful parody that children of  all ages will enjoy and a must for all home libraries.
B00003XACV|5.0|I only recently *discovered* Thomas Newman, and was indeed surprised to find he had scored many of my favourite film soundtracks (The Shawshank Redemption, The Green Mile, The Horse Whisperer, Meet Joe Black and the  list goes on).  American Beauty is a beautiful, haunting piece of work, and  is probably one of Mr. Newmans finest works, although everything I have  listened to so far is wonderful.  Thomas Newman belongs to a group of  modern composers (Horner, Williams et al) that rival the Mahlers, Griegs  and Debussys of yesterday.  You will not regret buying this CD, and all his  others too.
B00000IPAX|4.0|I like Blink 182 and I like Enema of the State.Not because they're on TRL or because Carson Daly says they're cool. But the band itself has changed so much.But I can't really blame them completely.I say it's that MTV,TRL,  and that horrible Carson Daly.It's sad that they've become based on image  like many these current &quot;pop sensations&quot;(which they are always  asociated with).They often appear in those girlie teeny bopper  magazines,along with BSB,N Sync,etc.Because they're &quot;cute&quot;.  They're even in mags like Disney Adventures (a magazine mostly for kids  under 10).What's next?a Blink 182 concert on Nick Jr. Does anyone see how  musically different they are? Sure, Enema isn't as hard as Dude Ranch(great  album), but does N sync have any of the outrageous lyrics that  Blink  uses.Hopefully they will realize what they've become,and turn it  around.<br />I'm not saying they should't be on MTV. They should stay away  from that &quot;holier than thou&quot; Carson Daly.
B00003CXB7|1.0|Well, I have to say, \\"Suicide is Painless\\" is a really great song, even more so when performed by the Manic Street Preachers. But the film itself...um. Okay, so it was very rarely funny. That in itself isn't necessarily a deadly sin. But...man alive, the breathtaking misogyny of the whole affair! Christ almighty (allegedly), am I the only one who found all the \\"Hot Lips\\" stuff beyond offensive? Is this funny? Was it EVER funny? Am I meant to be amused? In the seventies--maybe. I wasn't around then. But this, gentlemen, is the nineties, and this sort of supposed humour is simply not tolerable in this day and age--indeed, I'm somewhat baffled by the fact that, in my cursory inspection of the other reader reviews, nobody seems to have even MENTIONED this, given that it more or less spoiled whatever good qualities the film might have otherwise possessed. It elevated the main characters from the status of bland to actively repulsive. You people aren't bothered by this? Geez. What's good about the film other than the theme song? Well, as a sometime DS9 fan, it was sorta cool to see Rene Aberj...I'm not even going to TRY to spell that. But I liked seeing him. Other than that...I'm kinda drawing a blank. The film may have been groundbreaking and all that in its time, but now it's just embarrassing.<br />Addendum: Tsk, tsk...looks like some people can't stand having their sacred cows slaughtered thusly.  Actually, looking back on it, I think I was too lenient with the film.  By fixating on the one standout misogynist bit (though it would've been hard not to, given how shockingly offensive it was), I may have downplayed the film's overall unpleasant nature.  About as funny as a minstrel show.  One star.
0790737973|4.0|New Age philosophy / religion is about raising the level of human consciousness and developing the power to \\"manifest\\" things. The Sphere is a symbol for a higher level of human consciousness, or a route to that  consciousness, e.g. meditation. \\"Manifesting\\" - in the New Age context -  means the ability to turn thoughts into material reality. New Agers think  this ability is a good thing - something to strive for - something that  will mark the next jump in human evolution. The movie the Sphere says that  humans are not ready for such an advanced level of consciousness - the  power to manifest would be a dangerous skill - even the most civilised  people have dark thoughts and feelings in their subconscious - and it is  these thoughts and fears that would manifest into reality if we had the  power to manifest things, rather than the \\"good\\" things that the New Agers  try to manifest by using their conscious minds only. It was no coincidence  that the movie was set deep under the sea, since water is a common symbol  for emotions. The emotions we encounter at these \\"depths\\" of consciousness  rule us more than we realise. As a critique of New Age thinking this movie  was brilliant. It wasn't bad as pure entertainment either.
0800128052|5.0|I first saw Rudy when it was in theaters in '93 and was captivated by it. I was amazed by the sheer determination and never give up spirit of Daniel 'Rudy' Ruttiger. If you ever suffer from depression or feel there is just  no hope for you, see Rudy. You will walk away with a spring in your step,  the weight of life on your sholders will seem a lot lighter and things may  not seem as bad as you once thought. Great movie, great cast, stirring  score. highly recommended.
B000021Y77|5.0|....is awsome! If you liked the &quot;Matrix&quot; you love this movie. The soundtrack is just as good too!
6305127689|1.0|Was there anything that came out of the Eighties any good? Jet pilots acting like silver spooned 12-year-old brats. Laughable script, Wooden acting... It's Clich&eacute; driven tripe. Kelly McGillis looks like Tom Cruise  mum!  Standout points - Tom's Singing, inverted jets, the death of the good  'ol boy and, lets not forgot, the sense of humour - \\"I think she lost it\\",  \\"no Mav, don't do it!\\", \\"You never close your eyes...\\" Ha Ha Ha Ha The  cinematic equivalent to Don Johnson suits...
6300182355|5.0|You love this film or you hate it. It's that simple. For me, it's one of those movies that defined my earlier years. The colors are bright, the music cannot be beaten, the acting is lousy, but there's a &quot;feel  good&quot; tone to the movie that makes it all work out some how.
B000005QKJ|5.0|Cameron did a wonderful job with this sequel, with a name that many mixes with Alien 2, 'thou there is no movie named Alien 2. There is Alien, Aliens, and then, Alien 3 and Alien Resurrection. Aliens is the best of  these four, because it is the most action-based and the scariest ( the  second best is The Resurrection, being the second scariest ) film of the  saga. It is great, that this movie has many aliens, not just one, like in  Alien, and Alien 3. This is as frightening as the game; Alien vs. Predator,  and you will enjoy watching this film second, third, and fourth and beyond  times, because this is a classic you should watch at least once... I have  spoken, think what you think of my fast review, and get the message if you  can, and buy this ( or at least rent, but I recommend buying it ), wether  you get the message of my review or not. :)
630416923X|5.0|I hated the though of spending this kind of money on some video tapes, but  after I did, I had no regrets. This is an excellent series that traces the  history of the Beatles from their pre-Beatle days to their breakup. It's  narrated by the surviving members of the bad with some clever integration  of older interviews with John Lennon.<br />It's also a complete recording of  their greatest hits as well. Each of their big hits is played in full with  excellent video and film images. I still get goosebumps when I think of the  images of the Beatles walking across Shea stadium in front of thousands of  screaming fans.<br />The series doesn't dull or lose focus. The effort to put  it together must have been mind-boggling. No stone was left unturned. A  must-have set for anyone the least bit interested in the Beatles.
0792156684|3.0|When Titanic was released, it became one of the largest grossing movies of  all time. The reason? No, it wasn't great acting- nor was it good plot or  accurate historical portrayal. In the end, this movie succeeded for two  major reasons: great computer graphics, and hype.<br />I'm not trying to bash  this movie, nor am I saying that it is completely without its merits. All I  am saying is that it is definitely NOT one of the best movies of all time.  It was an alright movie, that deserved some credit. I mean, a lot of effort  was put into it, and it did have its moments. The portrayal of the ship  itself, along with its infamous sinking was great. However, this movie just  doesn't live up to its publicity.<br />I believe that when James Cameron set  out to make this movie he wanted to create a film of epic proportions. He,  at least partially, did achieve this goal. However, it did not become an  epic because of phenomonal moviemaking, original plot, or great acting. It  became an epic because of the wonderfully contrived plot, together with the  infamous Titanic story and some famous actors. I mean, come on- boy from a  poor background meets high society girl who is dissatisfied- romance  ensues, despite previous engagements, and later comes to a tragic end.  We've seen this kind of story before- yet we accept it as great. This  appears to be one of the best historical examples of people &quot;jumping  on the bandwagon&quot;.<br />The movie also had many flaws- much of the  historical information is innacurate, and the character's decisions are  often not believable. And, for the record: there is absolutely no chemistry  between Leonardo and Kate- they look like what they really are; actors. The  entire plot is much too predictable, and doesn't convey much sense of  realism.<br />In the end, this movie is alright, and one viewing of it is  fine, though there's no reason to waste any more time on it. I'd say rent  it, don't buy it.
0452270073|5.0|It is not often that you find a book that actually makes you sit up and think about the message being conveyed by the author.<br />This really is a superb book in terms of the character creation and background description  to the lives of the young soldiers fighting in the First World War. The  relationship between Siegfried Sassoon and Dr. Rivers is an intricate and  complex one that is never finally resolved, but both characters are subtly  affected by the views of the other.<br />It is very rare to find a book in a  modern literature genre that has a strong and convincing theme. This is one  of the first books that I have read since William Boyd that creates an  intriguing atmosphere and I am now embarking on The Eye in the Door which  is also an equally excellent read.<br />Pat Barker, I believe, has emerged as  one of the strongest authoresses since Iris Murdoch and Virginia Woolf, and  I very much look forward to her future novels.
6305750750|4.0|Overall, the Phantom Menace was a fairly good movie. It had great special effects, but everything else was just... ok. The thing that made the first Star Wars films great is that they are extremely well rounded and balanced,  and succeed in all of the areas. This movie attempted to recreate that  previous success, but didn't quite make it.<br />In this space-age tale,  Obi-Wan Kenobi and Qui Gon Jin (two jedis from the Jedi council, one of  which is already well known) try to end a trade dispute which has resulted  in a blockade going up around the planet known as &quot;Naboo&quot;.  However, after an assassination attempt, they are forced to flee to Naboo,  where they meet some interesting people, including Princess Amidala (played  by Natalie Portman). From there they make a desperate attempt to visit a  political council on the faraway planet of Coruscant. On the way they stop  off on Tatooine and end up picking up Anakin Skywalker, a.k.a. Darth Vader.  He's much younger, though, and not at all menacing.<br />After the entire  party reaches Coruscant, they do some things (sorry, I'm low on big words  right now), and eventually decide to head back to save the planet (Naboo).  The movie has some good scenes towards the end, and the lightsaber duel is  awesome- it's like acrobatics with a little bloodthirst.<br />The reason this  movie doesn't quite make it is that the storyline is only marginally good,  the characters aren't developed enough, and frankly, Jar Jar Binks ends up  as one of those characters you just wish would be put out of their misery  with a sledge hammer... However, the movie does have great special effects,  and offers a look into Star Wars history. No, this movie is not as good an  achievment as the earlier movies in the series, but it is worth seeing.  And, though it's not a true epic, you probably will enjoy it. (Also,  die-hard Star Wars fans will have to buy it for the collection)
B00003A9QI|5.0|The Cidar House Rules was definately a worth while buy.  It has beautiful and lush chords that are especially noticable on Homer Leaves the Orphanage.  Abortion and End Credits are great too.  This is a must-have  CD.
6305807086|5.0|Now that American culture has become so accustomed to movies that simply use formulaic ideas and contrived plot twists, this is a welcome return to the era of inventive filmaking. Being John Malkovich is great in many  aspects: it has great acting, a fresh plot, but most of all it succeeds in  the surprise factor. No, it doesn't use profane content to achieve this-  just pure bizarity! It's not completely unbound, however, and makes for a  funny and thoroughly enjoyable movie experience.<br />Now, for those of you  who need a little peek into the plot, since you really have no idea what it  is about, I'll give away a little: A recently employed puppeteer finds a  tunnel in his new workplace that leads you into the head of John Malkovich  for 15 minutes- until you are dumped out by the side of the New Jersey  Turnpike. Sound interesting? Well, there's plenty more where that come  from.<br />Overall, if you enjoy good movies, you must see this one! It'll  make you think, make you laugh, and it will probably make you dizzy.
6305426651|5.0|Let me start by saying that I usually don't like heavily-hyped movies. They are usually just that- all hype. Usually they have so much hype because they don't have a story. This movie was exactly the opposite- it  had hype becaause it had a great story. I am an avid movie goer. I don't  believe in hype. Usually the best movies are the ones no one has ever heard  of. This movie everyone has heard of, and for a good reason too. This movie  was about one thing and one thing alone- love. Whether it be love for his  wife, love for his son, or love for life itself, that is the one theme this  movie plays on. The first part of this movie was about Roberto Benigni's  character, Guido, trying to win the heart of a &quot;princess&quot; whom he  met in a chance encounter. It was actually only an introduction to the  character of Guido, only to show why he would do what he did later in the  movie. This part of the movie had a happy ending- he got the girl. The  scene then immediately cuts to several years later during the time of the  halocaust, the most painful and evil time of the twentieth century. Guido  and his family are captured and sent to a concentration camp, only his son  doesn't know what's going on. In order to prevent him from facing the harsh  reality, Guido tells him that it's all a game, all of which he had planned  out. I truly have to argue with the people who claim that this movie made  light of the halocaust. It truly didn't. This was a concentration camp  through the eyes of a child, one whose father was trying to hide the world  from. This is truly where the movie gets touching. I will not reveal any  more of the movie, you'll have to see it for yourself. But the storyline  was only one thing that made this movie as credible as it is. If it didn't  have Roberto Benigni as its director and main character, I highly doubt  this movie would even be half as good. Benigni is a genius, that's all  there has to be said. He knows how to make a person laugh, and heknows how  to make a person cry. When I first heard that he was &quot;the next  Chaplin&quot;, I highly doubted it. After seeing the movie, though, I have  to say that I somewhat agree. Benigni isn't a pantamimist, but he does have  the same amount of energy and movement that Chaplin had. You have to laugh  out loud at his gags. These gags are the ones no one else could sell half  as well. But he was not only movement, but he acted very well in voice,  too. He made himself a truly believable character, even though he did very  unbelievable things. This movie was  not about the horrors of the  halocaust. See a different movie if you want to see that. This movie was  about a man's love for life and love for his son.
B00004S6GL|4.0|Elliott Smith follows up the grand XO with another winner in Figure 8.  The songs shimmer with pure sincerity and take you in as a confidant.  Elliott's voice is a very versatile instrument, giving each song the sonic  dimmension it needs.  It works well as back ground music, but gives many  more rewards when closely listened to and absorbed into the brain.  This is  truly a highly commendable effort and well worth you purchase.
B0000025CP|4.0|This album is a powerful force in the NWOBHM. It followed Sin After Sin and is much better than that one. &quot;Exciter&quot; is a concert favorite and &quot;Beyond The Realms Of Death&quot; is one of their more melodic  moments. But, melodic for this band still kicks. Not the first JP album to  buy, but it is one to add to the collection.
B00002MZ4W|2.0|The album is OK and that's about it - one really good song (Limp) but the rest really, really sounds like an Aimee Mann imitation.  I found this album disappointing.  If I wanted to hear Aimee Mann I'd get a copy of it
B000002JSV|4.0|THIS IS ANOTHER GREAT BON SCOTT ERA CD.THIS IS NOT QUITE AS GOOD AS LET THERE BE ROCK OR HIGHWAY TO HELL BUT IT`S A DAMN GOOD CD.ANYTHING IN THE BON SCOTT ERA WAS ALOT BETTER THAN THE BRIAN JOHNSON ERA,WITH THE EXCEPTION  OF BACK IN BLACK.THIS HAS SOME GREAT SONGS ON IT WITH SIN CITY AND RIFF  RAFF,SONG`S THEY DO ALOT IN CONCERT.I HAD A CHANCE TO SEE AC/DC WITH BON  SCOTT IN 79 HIGHWAY TO HELL TOUR AND THEY WERE A GREAT LIVE BAND TO.THIS CD  IS A MUST HAVE FOR ANY FAN OF AC/DC.NOT A BAD PLACE TO START FOR NEW FANS.
0380796090|5.0|I adored this book.  The characters were very funny and real.  I read it on the beach in about a day.  A really fun choice for summer.  I plan to read more of Marian Keyes' books.
B000002JST|5.0|THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST CD`S AC/DC EVER PUT OUT.THIS IS A VERY HARD DRIVIN CD THAT MAKES THE NEW AC/DC LOOK BAD.BON SCOTT IN HIS GLORY DAYS WAS FAR BETTER THAN BRAIN JOHNSON.THERE IS NOT A BAD SONG ON THIS,AND THIS HAS SOME  GREAT SOLO`S BY ANGUS YOUNG.CLASSIC LET THERE BE ROCK AND WHOLE LOTTA ROSIE  ARE ON THIS.THIS IS A MUST FOR ANY FAN OF HARD DRIVING MUSIC OF THE LATE  70`S.
6305736650|5.0|If you are hesitating to buy this DVD, and are relying on the reviews, then maybe you have missed the point.<br />It is undeniably one of the greatest movies of all time, and it is the first DVD I ever bought two  years ago.  I have seen it four times since then.<br />Any questions?
B00004SCX6|5.0|I think this is the best album in the world! Britney's voice is so beautiful. The thing I like a lot on this album (besides the songs, duh!) is that she has little speaking interludes (three of them, i think) it's so  cool. I think she's done a great job on this album and I'm glad her next  single is gonna be &quot;Lucky&quot;! It's my favorite song!
6304795254|5.0|&quot;The Game&quot;  was directed by David Fincher (The director of &quot;Seven&quot; and &quot;Fight Club&quot;) and it is no ordinary movie, to say the least.  It is about a corporation who plays a &quot;game&quot;  with a rich man from San Francisco.  The game seems fun to play at first,  but then it starts messing with your life, and your mind.  You can't  escape, your trapped.  Trust absolutely no one, not even your own family.  Friends can be foes, foes can be friends.  This movie plays with you,  seriously.  It wont let you go until the very unexpected ending, see it,  it's quite a ride.  I warn you that the ending may seem far fetched to some  people, but I won't tell you it.  So if you havent seen it, watch it for  yourself.
B000002UVX|5.0|One can listen and feel the magic of the Filmore East performance Eddie Kramer captured on tape.  I've seen video clips and Jimi and his fender are one in the same.  Without a doubt, a brilliant and emotional composer and  guitar player who let it all hang out and gave it all to us.  An album to  enjoy and go back to forever.  I have the original album, the cd, and the  music is as vibrant and relevant now as it was then.  A must own.  Machine  Gun is so far out there it can't be caught - ever.
B00003Q43A|5.0|This DVD was just as fantastic as when I saw it in the theatres.  The best feature in this DVD has been the hidden Easter Eggs.  I really enjoyed being able to watch the explosion scenes with different audio layers.  I  hope everybody has learned how to access the secrets.  Another really  amazing thing was the mockumentary.  The news cast they put together was  very realistic and entertaining.  For anyone contemplating buying this DVD,  I highly recommend the purchase!  It's been a very worth while buy, so run,  don't walk to your local DVD retailer!<br />enjoy!
B00004TL21|5.0|I've been a fan of these guys since '96 and this new cd sounds so different from the other two.I mean the guitars are the same and the singing is too,it's just the songs sound so much more sad and dark,if i can  use the word &quot;gothic&quot; sounding.Kind of disappointed that there  isn't as much screaming in it,even though &quot;elite&quot; is probably the  heaviest song they've made.They've toned down a bit but i really don't care  cuz they're still my favorite band and are the best band out there right  now.If you truly love the 'tones then you'll truly love this album.
6305127638|5.0|After the slow moving debut of the next generation cast in Star Trek Generations, this movie allowed me to let out a sigh of relief. This is one of the best Trek movies yet. This movie followed the same recipe which made  The Wrath of Khan so popular. Take an episode in the series and expand it  to the big screen. Trek fans will not be dissappointed.
B00002ZMNV|1.0|Can you say Spinal Tap? The pretense of pairing a metal band with a symphony is ludicrous. So little of metal can stand on it's own without trying to make it more interesting by cobbling to classical orchestration.  Where's the 13&quot; Stonehenge and dancing dwarfs?
0440234743|4.0|While I'm not a huge Grisham fan, I do read his stuff once in awhile, and I would strongly recommend this book for all of you who are not die-hard followers.  Grisham's ability to convey the intricate and complex  manueverings of the legal system to the average lay person has been a  staple of his work.  This time, however, he takes us on a journey to the  remote Amazon forests of Brazil, with a tired, alcoholic lawyer looking for  the sole beneficiary to the will of multi-biilionaire Troy Phelan, leaving  her (alone) 11 billion dollars.  Grisham's best ability is to convey the  personal, usually selfish and greedy nature of people, and this book  doesn't fail, because Phelan's loser kids all want a piece of the pie, too.   What ensues is one lawyer's struggle to find the girl, which then becomes  his own personal stuggle, and the standard (but very enjoyable)legal  wranglings of the Phelan clan's fight for the money,  A solid read, and  compelling, as well.
0812565886|4.0|If you are a Jane Austen fan, as I am, you will surely enjoy Persuasion. The basic premise is about a young woman who was persuaded to let the love of her life get away, but now he has come back and she's wondering if she  still has a chance. Books from this era accurately reflect how actions of  individuals were always to be moderate and proper. Nowadays there would be  no reason for this book because more likely than not the individuals  involved would simply confront each other with questions to find out how  the other felt. But back then being so forward was unheard of. So what we  have here is a book filled with sexual/romantic tensions that makes for a  very exciting read. Jane Austen's biggest flaw, in my opinion, is not  milking the climax of her stories for all they're worth. When you reach the  scenes in her books that everything has been leading up to, they are always  brushed over with scant details and little actual dialogue so that you  can't really feel what took place. A bonus about the Austen novels is that  they are not so long that it is intimidating just to open them. Overall I  would rate this as the best Austen book.
B000002JSN|5.0|If there ever was an album with variety and incredible talent this is it.  Led doesn't play around or experiment with everything, they master everything.  My favorites are &quot;In My Time Of Dying&quot; (great slide  guitar, and one hard rockon' song), and &quot;Bron Yr Aur&quot; (Jimmy Page  is a genius and shows it with this song).  I am not sure that this is their  best, but it at least is equal with their best.  It does miss a good and  true blues song, which is yet another style Led mastered.  But if you want  that, in my opinion, BBC Sessions is great for Led blues, due to all of the  improvisation required whith playing blues live (Sessions is live).  And  Jimmy was so good at improvising...  So:  get Physical Graffiti and BBC  Sessions.
B0000025T6|5.0|Though one of Springsteen's lesser known albums, the collection of songs on \\"Nebraska\\" underscore who and what he really is:  A true American poet; a voice of the working man.  There is a lyrical poignancy to this album,  and the emotions run deep throughout, from the opening cut, the stoic  \\"Nebraska,\\" which follows a serial killer and his girlfriend through the  badlands of Wyoming, to the final song, \\"A Reason To Believe,\\" a slice of  life commentary on the spirit of humankind.  Every song here touches a  nerve; \\"Atlantic City\\" is about the cycles of life, and making the decision  not to just \\"settle\\" any more.  In \\"Johnny 99\\" a man out of work and down  on his luck has too much to drink, and ends up with a gun in his hand.  His  desperation leads to the death of a store clerk, and when he's sentenced to  \\"98 and a year,\\" his mother stands up in the courtroom and begs the judge,  \\"Don't take my boy this way,\\" and her anguish is palpable.  \\"Highway  Patrolman\\" is a pensive study of the bonds of brotherhood and family; \\"Used  Cars\\" is a look at pride and humility, of having to \\"make do\\" while your  heart cries out for something better.  \\"State Trooper,\\" and \\"Open All  Night\\" are songs of the highway, of open spaces, reflections of just being.   \\"Mansion On The Hill,\\" and especially \\"My Father's House,\\" are renderings  on love and need, and of loss that is desolate and beyond redemption.   \\"Nebraska\\" is, above all, poetry set to music that goes straight to the  heart; wistful musings of life, love, need and hope that form the common  denominator that we all, as a species, share.  Springsteen can say so much  with just a few words, and this album points out emphatically that he is so  much more than just a rock n' roller; that he is, in fact, one of the truly  great artists of our times.
6305627401|5.0|Matt Stone &amp; Trey Parker are stepping on a lot of toes here with this 1.5 hours South Park movie. A must have for all South Park fans.
B000002MZ6|2.0|Do I live in some parallel universe where Mike Oldfield recorded a dreadful album and everyone else lives in the one with the good album? I bought this CD based on the thirty-odd rave reviews featured on this page  and what I got was totally at odds with the praise drooled all over this  music.<br />If this album were recorded by a newcomer, it would stay two weeks  on the new age shelf and then disappear forever. The music is rambling and  unoriginal; it sounds squawky in places; and the voiceovers? How can you  like an album which samples extracts from a self-hypnosis tape? During one  of the tunes this soothing female sotto voce comes in every thirty seconds  with isolated, meaningless words. To wit: &quot;Melting...&quot; (Wait  thirty seconds) &quot;Dissolving...&quot;. Eh?<br />The CD is also a CD-ROM  with some multimedia material on it. But it's only formatted for the Mac  (really in tune with the market there, fellas) and half the text on the  inlay card (I'm not kidding - *half*) is taken up by a long, threatening  licensing agreement. I thought at first glance it would be some interesting  remarks from Oldfield, but no, it's one of those things you zoom past on  the web the moment before you click Accept.<br />This album gets an extra star  because it's Olfield, and I don't even like saying this, but he can really  do better.
B000002IU9|5.0|manowar opened up the gate for me back in 1993 when i picked up this 1992 release. i like true metal bands. so it's &quot;Heavy metal, or no metal at all. whimps and posers leave the hall.&quot; if you're an alterna-freak,  get lost.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Eminem is one of the most outspoken rappers of this era. His lyrics are a mixture of anger, contempt over the world, sadness, despair, and,  this may sound bizarre, whit. His lyrics are filled with dark humor. His lyrics are  very controversial, but hip-hop is about expression, and that's what Eminem  does best. My favorite tracks are &quot;Kill You&quot; and &quot;The Way I  Am&quot;; they're very controversial and outspoken. I also like &quot;The  Real Slim Shady&quot; and &quot;I'm back.&quot; You don't have to agree  with Eminem, but you have to give credit where credit is due. He speaks  truth without apology, and truth is a rare commodity these days.
0380002930|5.0|Adams has outdone himself here.  He spun a tale of rabbits having voices and talking amoung themselves.  He tells of the troubles that they endure adn the dagers they conquer.  This is a very detailed story that should be read by every person who has a feel for good, quality books.  This book comes highly recommended by myself, my friends. (and my English teacher!)
B00003CX5A|5.0|I love this movie. Just love the whole atmosphere. I'll buy it sometime, too. It probably shouldnt be classified as a horror movie, since it is not scary, just creepy (dont worry, it was meant to be that way).<br />The opening  sets the mood for the rest of the movie, a surreal journey of awe and  nightmares. The thing I especially like about this is when the horseman  decapitates someone, its done tastefully (that may sound a little strange,  but you'd have to see it to know what i mean). Theres no blood spurting  hundreds of feet up in the air like a firehose, but the cool effects of a  cut and dry head, without all the mess.<br />The mystery element of this story  is a little muddled, but if you understand it, it is kinda clever. And  though you know exactly whats gonna happen in the end, you're not ready for  the horseman chase through the burning windmill, the carriage chase on top  of it, and the final showdown at the tree of death? is that its name? oh  well.<br />rent this movie, you artistic people. You shall enjoy.
0062502174|5.0|A great book to read for all those who wants to see their dreams coming true. The author really follows through the passion of hard work and believing in oneselves towards making the dream come true. The  conversations Shepherd had with the wind, desert and the sun are really  great. Also his meetings with the Englishman, Merchant, Fatima and  Alchemist were outstanding and are totally memorable. He really taught  himself and all of us a lot from his journey towards realizing his dream  and towards knowing the soul of the world.
B00000K3G8|5.0|This disc was first released on CD back in the mid-eighties, and it was criminally short...only nine measly songs. Fortunately some genius saw fit to reissue it (in tandem with the VHS and DVD) with ALL the songs from the  movie...except for the &quot;bonus tracks,&quot; but I'll get to that  later.<br />First things first...if you have not yet seen this movie, do it  now! If you're not a Talking Heads fan, chances are pretty good you'll be  one by the time the closing credits roll. David Byrne and Co. exert a  manic, good-natured energy throughout and present some of their best songs.  The four-piece Heads are wonderfully backed by keyboardist Bernie Worrell,  guitarist Alex Weir, percussionist Steve Scales and backup vocalists Lynn  Mabry and Edna Holt. The resulting music is nothing short of  breathtaking...every song shines. I find it impossible to listen to this  recording without at least bobbing my head back and forth, tapping my feet,  or better yet, jumping around the room. It's &quot;nerd funk,&quot; as a  previous Amazon reviewer called it. Yes, it's a shame that the video bonus  tracks (&quot;I Zimbra/Big Business&quot; and &quot;Cities&quot;) were  excluded from the soundtrack, but I'm probably in the minority when I say  that the Tom Tom Club song (&quot;Genius of Love&quot;) still sounds great  after all these years. It provides some nice variety right in the middle of  the disc.<br />Wonderful, awesome, glorious music from a terrific  bunch of  musicians...a welcome addition to ANY collection. Thank you David Byrne and  the rest of the clan. You truly rock.
B00004SCX6|3.0|When I bought this proudut I was so exited! Then I found this CD a ripp off.Sure it had some few good songs like Oop...I did it again and Dear Diary,then the other really stinked.Boo for Britney! And Britney?Do me a  favor.Please dont ripp off other yonger fans like age of 6` to 9. Their  moths of saving is going down the drain!
B00004BZ16|5.0|Since I first heard Sandinista back in the 10th grade, 1993, it has remained a permanent fixture on my turntable and in my heart. Few lp's have stayed with me as long as this one has. And no other lp, apart from The  Velvets 'Loaded' and R.E.M.'s 'A.F.T.P.' can inspire me today, so long  after hearing this majestic mess for the first time. Few adjectives were  not called upon to describe this sprawling, epic set when it was released  in 1980. &quot;Punk Rock&quot; and &quot;Rock'n'Roll&quot; were tags too  minute to categorize or define the ambitions of The Clash. Over 2 hours  long The Clash touched base with nearly every recognizable music style,  including a new sound soon to revolutionize the States in the '80's/90's as  Punk in '77 and Beatlemania 3000 years before--RAP. From 'Police and  Thieves' on their jagged , eponymous debut, to the raga-swagger of  'Revolution Rock', The Clash had always been about more then the  &quot;1-2,1,2,3,4!&quot;-style rock of their London '77 counterparts. But  that still does little to prepare the uninitiated. Bold, Passionate,  outrageous, fierce. That was the Clash. Never was there mandate more in  your face then on Sandinista. The downer of this lp is the sad fact that  their ambitions were soon drowned out by personal and personnel problems.  They spent the next few years in a downward spiral of creativity, vision  and focus. But what a legacy they left. If there is a better band today, I  haven't heard them. And as I await the next momentous lp to come along in  my life, I'll do the Stalin Strike to side 4 to pass the years.  Incidentally, this review was composed as I listened to my old vinyl copy  so I apologize if you've come looking for word on the recent re-mastering  of the Clash cataloge--Until I see a newly pressed lp,with remastered sound  and artwork for less then my monthly wages, I'm sticking with my 3 aged  slabs of well-worn, crackly vinyl.
0792101448|5.0|The first thing to note is the number of versions of this film that were  around in the late 60's. I saw the butchered British version in late 1969  and it's quality still shone through.  It was 5 years of seeing the film at  every opportunity, including in Finland, that I saw the long version and  Leone's vision mostly became clear.  The longest opening in (then)movie  history; Jack Elam and a screen stealing fly - a marvellous musical score,  with each main character having their own theme. It is Charles Bronson's  who is referred to in my review title. He is introduced in a shimmering  heat haze on the screen, along with his harmonica playing, the latter  mostly replacing speech. Stardom perhaps but in my opinion, he has  unfortunately done nothing to equal or surpass it since. Ennio Morricone  has rarely written better music and it takes the whole film to hear the  harmonica piece in proper context and why Bronson's character wants to kill  Fonda's evil killer, Frank. Leone places the themes cleverly throughout the  film and it was a must buy record. Add to the mix a beautiful lady in  peril, Cardinale; a kind hearted rogue, Robards, a misplaced Monument  Valley deputising as Sweetwater and old fashioned trains and you got a  Western that is, and also listed as, a classic. All this despite its  uncertain start and rotten editing by timerous producers. Do yourself a  favour - see it! One previso; see only the long version. It is a more  downbeat ending but will explain why only two ride off into the sunset and  a lot of men have their thirsts quenched.  One question. Is Jack Elam's  voice used or is it dubbed? I have never be sure. You decide
0618001905|4.0|Adam Hochschild has written a riveting, meticulously footnoted history of the Belgian Congo and the evil perpetrated by the colonial power on the people who lived there. <br />While I appreciate the particular nature of King  Leopold's colony (it was owned by the individual King Leopold,not by the  country of Belgium) This certainly made its rule more arbitrary and less  likely to be reined in by common sense and general humanity.<br />However, the  book failed to make its case that the system itself created the environment  where atrocity was not only possible, but likely. He tried, but reading  through the reviews here, it's clear he didn't communicate that well  enough.<br />As an antidote to the &quot;Bad Belgian&quot; impression some  readers may get despite Hochschild's effort to show it was the system of  colonialism itself that made it possible.  The atrocities didn't occur  simply because Leopold was evil (no matter how evil he was) but because the  system itself by putting one people over another, creates the necessary  structure for mass murder, slavery and genocide.<br />Another reviewer  mentioned Exterminate All the Brutes. If you are interested in this  history, you should read that as well. It's a small gem of a book that  shows that the dehumanization of colonialism was widespread and not just  practiced by the Belgians.
B00000I8DY|5.0|Most probably the only recording to-date that really does justice to Mozart's opus.  Concerto Kln is an ideal Mozartian ensemble.  It is obvious that there is an incredible amount of research done on how  the  music of Mozart must have been interpreted back in 1790, but this does not  hamper the performers from being creative and imaginative, but on the  contrary it gives the music a new dimension, on which the artists can  create.  Every single player is exceptionally alert and self-involved,   making the ensemble sound extremely flexible in the portrayal of the   diverse  circumstances that occur during the work.   All the singers have  exceptional voices and their diction is ideal.  Graciela Oddone (Despina)  proves herself to be very impulsive, and rightfully so, giving weight on  the witty and revolutionary aspect of the role.  Rene Jacobs is an amazing  conductor and musician.  He keeps delighting the listener. The Gem of this  recording nevertheless is the assignment of the continuo part played on the  fortepiano instead of the Harpsichord, to the exceptionally talented  fortepianist Nicolau de Figueiredo, whose imagination simply has no limits.   Mozart would have been really delighted.  I hope Mr. Jacobs will soon give  us his version of Figaro and Don Giovanni.  The cd-rom is a very detailed  insight to the Opera, for both musicians and music lovers. Don't hesitate!
078062369X|2.0|Especially if you have any interest in Vampires in  fiction or movies. Blade totally mishandles the genre. I mean vampires in the sulight because they're wearing coverup? Give me a break. And could the plot have been more  predictable? Just what was the point of N'Bushe Wright's characther,                          Dr. Karen Jenson? She certainly didn't add anything to the  film, unless you count that conspicuously added plot twist that foils all  those evil vampires in the end--the plot twist which was, I might add,  about the lamest development in the entire movie.  Now I really like Wesley  Snipes and Stephen Dorff,  but not even they could make this movie fly.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Take the best of a grade A list of diverse artists, mix it with one of the premier guitarists of our time, throw in a dash of magic...and Voila...you have &quot;Supernatural&quot;.  From Dave Matthews sexy groove to Lauryn  Hill's rap - it's all here, baby!  There is literally something for just  about every musical taste.  Mr. Santana complements each piece with his  virtuoso guitar playing - then they move all out into the traditional latin  music.  Best of all is the infectious joy of music that is shared by all  the artists.  In reading the liner notes, you also realize that hidden  within the music is an underlying universal spirituality.  Que Rico!
B00003CWNR|5.0|This movie was outstanding. I laugthed, I cried, I was amazed.Don't wait bye this film while you still can I bet you'll love it as much as I do.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|flawless. flows like few ablums do, it is almost one long song with a few intervals. Love it.
B00003CX6P|4.0|The movie kept you on the edge of your seat.
0553260111|5.0|WOW! Even today, this novel is one you will not be able to put down, even though it was written in 1980 during the Cold War era. But this only reflects slightly on the narrative. The story concerns Jason Bourne, who is  shot and thrown overboard in the Mediterranean Sea, only to be washed  ashore and discovered by a Dr Washburn. And this is only the start - he is  suffering amnesia and Washburn finds a microfilm detailing a Swiss bank  account of four million dollars surgically implanted in his hip! Bourne  travels to Zurich and discovers people out to kill him, and so let the  chase begin! Marie St Jacques is an unwilling hostage who develops a bond  with Bourne - she's a Canadian diplomat with a secret. What is the secret  as well of Treadstone Seventy-One, and why are the authorities trying to  use Bourne as a pawn against Carlos Sanchez, famous assassin  extraordinaire? The action does not stop for over five hundred pages, it  grabs you from the start and never lets go until the final pages. Very  typically, there are numerous surprises and unexpected twists - what is  Bourne's connection with clandestine activity during the Vietnam War which  keeps haunting him, stirring up lost memories? The locations, particularly  Paris and its environs and Zurich are well-described and easy to relate to  having been there myself. I remember reading and loving this book at the  age of fifteen, and it will always be an all-time favourite. Recommended!
B0000024YL|5.0|This is one of my favorite S. &amp; G. albums it has most of their best songs: Mrs. Robinson The Boxer,Sound Of Silence etc.There are several awesome live versions of sonds such as The 59th Street Bridge Song and the  most beautiful version of Kathy's Song I have ever heard.The only problem  with this album is a bad version of one of their best songs Homeward  Bound.I would recomend this album to any S.&amp; G. fan who doesn't mind  live versions of songs (I happen to love them) but you might want to buy  Parsly,Sage,Rosemary and Thyme as well to get a very good version of  Homeward Bound.
B000002RXS|5.0|I am a Callas fan but I don't run to her recordings based on just the fact that she's singing on them; for me all my favorite opera recordings have to bring the characters to life in ways that I can understand them, musically,  dramatically and psychologically.  Callas, for me, doesn't beat out other  great singers for every possible operatic characterization; she does,  however, beat them out with Carmen. Yes her voice here is a bit rife with  Callas-prone idiosyncracies, some breaks... I've heard this performance  called &quot;ragged&quot;; however after owning this version, all other  Carmens I've listened to have sounded bland and missing something  necessary. Callas's so-called &quot;ragged&quot; voice (very often gorgeous  sounding) conjures up a breathtakingly husky portrait of the alluring  gypsy; her crooning and fiery flashes are all tremendously exciting. Her  mocking tones are beautifully understated; sharply angry sometimes, sexy  another, but never raucous or coarse. I hate a vulgar Carmen. It is  wonderful to hear what a great vocal actress can make of this complex  character -- Callas never just &quot;stands and sings&quot; a melody, she  involves herself in the psychology of the music, and here, with Carmen, it  really pays off.  There are two other elements in this recording which make  it my unmatchable Carmen. Nicolai Gedda is perfectly paired as her Don  Jose. I know it's just me... and a weird theory, but while I've  occasionally been disappointed in his Italianate performances, his voice  somehow takes on layers of deep golden beauty when he sings in the French  language (his Faust and Hoffmann portrayals are unparalleled)... full of  ardent heroism and melting passion... Gedda sometimes leaves the realm of  men and sounds like a god. This Don Jose is close to being the best  possible on record. His scenes with Callas are knock-outs musically. And  then my final reason for worshipping this recording is Pretre's  interpretation of the music. His conducting brings out so much of the  sensuality in the music... it's beautiful and vivid. Pretre understands  Carmen, the woman and the story. It's true that there are other fine Carmen  recordings out there... most notably the magnificent Thomas Beecham version  with a silvery De Los Angeles and again a marvelous Gedda (though his  chemistry with Callas is more gripping); however I just donated that  version to my library after realizing I somehow always needed a  Callas/Pretre fix after listening to it. This is really quite a Carmen  performance; an all-around wonderful recording.
B00003CX6P|4.0|The movie kept you on the edge of your seat.
6305718903|5.0|Stigmata is more thrilling the Exorcist. Why? Because The Exorcist deals  with he Devil. Stigmata deals with God. God is more powerful than the Devil  so...  After reading the other reviews, I thought I might be of use.  From  the point of view of an informal &quot;movie goer,&quot; the movie was  flat-out entertaining. And who's to even argue.  Who cares if there were  &quot;holes in the plot&quot; or if it was &quot;mtv junk,&quot; if the  movie kept your interest-it's worth seeing. This movie kept my interest  then and still does now. The actors were good, the story line was amazing  and the special effects were just spectacular.  It brings up a lot of good  conversational issues and really has you thinking about what really  matters...God.
0449002632|4.0|This was my first experience with historical fiction of such epic sweep.  I confess I stopped reading about 200 pages from the end, when the Industrial Revolution was getting started, but that shouldn't reflect badly  on the author.  There is nothing especially inspired or brilliant in this  novel, but it's a good rollicking read and makes the city of London come  alive as an organic, dynamic being--quite a transformation from a sleepy  fishing village in the first chapter to the sprawling, unstoppable monster  that blackens the air in the 19th century.  I was a little impatient with  the exceptionally long chapter on the 14th century (Black Death era), but I  do not claim to be a fan of the medieval period.  Great men and women of  history make very few, and fleeting appearances, in this book; it is much  more about ordinary families--so be prepared for some  not-terribly-flamboyant characters.  The tone is optimistic and almost  bubbly throughout, and Rutherfurd is definitely partial to the idea that  people never really change over centuries.  No chapter stands out above or  below the others, and a reasonably fluid narrative is maintained.  If you  don't like the beginning, I would advise you to stop reading immediately,  because it won't &quot;pick up&quot; or accelerate in pace.  However, if  you are looking for a light, descriptive tour of the history of London,  you're in luck.
B00004T8RK|2.0|After a rather lackluster effort with Yield, the addition of Matt Cameron's songwriting and drumming talents to the group should have pushed PJ in a new direction. Instead, we have an album which is instantly  forgettable, making one wonder if they have any good material left in them  for album 7.<br />AVOID!
B00002ZMNV|5.0|I was sceptical at first when I got this DVD because I am not a fan of watching concerts on tape. But this one blew me away. The sound is amazing, even if you don't have the full-on Surround System. Camera angles never get  boring and the whole stage is transformed into a spectacular of lights and  patterns that just add to the excitement of the whole concert. But the real  surprise arrives when you switch the sound options to &quot;just  Orchestra&quot;. Metallica like you've never heard them before. Weird at  first to see them play but (almost) not hear them, but the Orchestra is  amazing and seem to enjoy themselves, too, which makes it more fun to  watch. I take a bow for the S.F. Symphonic Orchestra and Metallica for  creating one of the best and unusual Rock Concerts ever recorded.
B00000JGHM|5.0|...to suffer from the new school of sound-taking, which is able to put the mike inside the muzzle of the guns or the copters' engines, but is unable to get close to the mouth of the actors, this one is a good example. I  think a good feature for DVDs should include separate soundtracks (and of  course separate settings for them) for the dialogues and background noises,  so you can enjoy the first without alarming the whole neighbourhood by the  last. <br />Could the producers have some mercy (even if no respect) for those  who persist to think that the special effects should remain  &quot;special&quot;, and not become the main feature in a movie? Or go back  to the old school, like &quot;Apocalypse Now&quot;, where, even with a lot  more gunshots, explosions, helicopters' noises, but the sound balance is  far better, which is not preventing it to be a very good movie; Heat would  have been much more enjoyable with the same sound levels: just meditate  over what is said in the beginning about the guard unable to hear (and  understand) anything because of the blast.
B00000JCOV|5.0|This Cd, from top to bottom is the most amazing piece of music ive heard in a long time. from the unrelenting (sic) to the melodic tones of wait and bleed to scissors where corey taylor, '1', shows how much passion and input  he can put into these songs. i found that every title on this album weather  it be the first release with: Frail limb nursury and Purity, or the second  release with: Me inside, is an incredible view into 9 very sick and twisted  but very honest minds. every band member plays passionatly and is very  talented on their instrument (for corey that would be his amazing voice  where he can go from screaming to singing to rapping in the blink of an eye  with ease). when you listen to this cd it will take you to another place,  for some it will be deep, dark, and very lonsome. for others it will be  crazy, wild and very upbeat. either way this cd shines like no other and i  recommend picking it up very soon...the music isnt for everyone but  hardkore lovers should give it a chance and i think youll be pleasently  suprised.
0345350499|5.0|This book is one of a kind.  I have to admit that I was a little skeptical when I started to read this book.  I love the traditional points of the Arthurian legend, but I have to tell you, this is a lot better. <br />The  story is that of the five main women behind the throne.  Igraine, Arthur's  mother, is trapped in a loveless marriage, and must be unfaithful to her  husband in order to fuful her destiny.  Morgaine (Morgan le Fay), Arthur's  half sister, gives herself to the Druids to follow her family line of  Avalon, as she struggles between her duty as a priestess, and being Duchess  of Cornwall.  Vivaine, Arthur's aunt, is the Lady of the Lake, high  priestess of Avalon, must deal with all her people turning to the Christian  faith.  Morgaue, Arthur's aunt, struggling to be a lady and relative of the  king, overshadowed by her attemps to put her sons on the throne, and to  always have a man in her bed.  Last but not least, Gwenevere, Arthur's  wife, struggles to be a pious women, while desperately wanting a child, and  the ability to be with Sir. Lancelot.<br />All of their stories intertwine  into a masterpiece.  After you read this story, you will never look at the  legend the same way agian.  But that is the good thing.
B000003NA4|5.0|I simply love this CD!  It is one of my favorites in my collection. This cd is full of such wonderful music, till this day I am still confused about which song is my favorite.  I love &quot;Peel me a Grape&quot; and &quot;I  don't stand a ghost of a chance with you&quot;.  I also adore &quot;Gentle  Rain&quot;.  I can listen to this cd from song number 1 till the end, and  still play it all over again.  To me, thats music!
6304698623|3.0|I have never read the book: A Little Princess. I don't know whether or not the film is adapted to fit the book. But from simply watching the movie I have to say I loved it. Liesel Mathews reknews my faith in child actors-  she does an excellent job of making Sarah a sympathetic, sorrowful, and yet  cheerful fully three-dimensional character. The scenery is lovely- the  protrayl of India as being a lush, beautiful place is such a relief form  another movie ''The Secret Garden's'' protrayl of India as being a dark,  dirty place. Sarah comes alive with imagination and insight- and her  selflessness shines through despite her rich upbringing. But what I really  liked about this film was it's telling of the Hindu epic ''Ramayana''- in  scenes parallel to the plot of the movie. The story is symbolic both of  Sarah's Indian influence, and her struggle to free herself from evil. Truly  a ''story girl'', Sarah spark and quiet wisdom are shown throughout the  film. Lottie is also portrayed well, the actress does a wonderfl job of  showing a spoiled though well-meaing young girl. Emengarde, the ''stupid''  girl also comes alive with quiet pain, and selflessness. Lavinia is  portrayed as a spoiled, selfish, but also quite sympathetic character. But  what the film does, is shed light on the cruel Miss Minchin, and her  abusive upbringing. The world inside the Boarding School is well-portrayed  as closed off, privelleged, and yet following a ''tradition'' of duty and  not imagination. In scenes both heartbreaking and hilarious, the movie  springs to life- and shines with true friendship, curiosity, and love.  Worth seeing, and definately family-oriented.
076790382X|5.0|This book is a severe health risk. Reading it can cause heavy, long-lasting laugh-attacks. Persons with breath-disease (e.g. Asthma bronchiale), heart-sickness or lack of humour are highly recommended to  read the annual rainfall statistic of Southern California instead.
B00003Q43A|5.0|What took it so long to come on DVD? I have been waiting for 4 years to see it on DVD
B000000W5B|5.0|Goats Head Soup is really good.Get some at Bob Evans with some of those little potatos.
B00003CWPL|5.0|This is THE experimental/cult film by which all others are measured.  No other film comes close to capturing depression and loneliness like it and it has been out of print on video for over a decade. I never understand why  trashy hollywood films stay available and classics go out of print. I work  in a mailorder business and ERASERHEAD is the number one requested film.
B000046PVN|5.0|Wow, I am liking this trend.  First it was the Star Wars: Special Edition Expanded Score, now it this Warner Bros Archives Complete Superman Score.  The sound is phenominal, and I'm still kicking myself for buying the Varese  Sarabande release of the &quot;complete&quot; score re-recorded...somehow  this one is more complete...which means the Varese people lied :(  Tis not  good that they did, but they earned my money, as does rhino for making this  restoration sound better than any re-recording ive heard.  Kudos.
6303014100|2.0|For a casual viewer, 'Gettysburg' is an interesting and educational look  at the American Civil War. Both the North and South's reasons for fighting  this bloody conflict are portrayed equally in most respects. However, as a  Civil War reenactor, I found this film to be somewhat inaccurate in its  portrayal of the common Civil War soldier. First and foremost, the majority  of the &quot;grunts&quot; we see marching past the cameras tend to be  middle aged men who could stand to lose a few pounds. This can get  irritating when you realize that the average Civil War soldier was 21 years  old and was usually (at least for the Confederates) very thin from lack of  a good diet. There's this huge overweight Confederate NCO who appears at  the beginning of the movie who just makes you wanna cringe. And we're  supposed to believe that this guy marched all the way to PA from Virginia?  Right. Another problem I had with this movie were the fake looking beards.  Longstreet's looked like it came right off the shelf at a Walgreen's after  Halloween clearance sale. However, my biggest gripe with this film was its  sterilzed combat scenes. You never see any blood! Unlike 'Saving Private  Ryan' where you see soldiers being blown apart, the men in Gettysburg  merely fall down as if they are at a reenactment. Granted, this was  originally a made-for-TV movie. But on the big screen, these inaccuracies  loom large. Again, notwithstanding the inaccurate portrayal of the common  Civil War soldier, 'Gettysburg' manages to teach us that war is stupid and  that many good people will die. (Note: FARB is a reenactor word meaning  Far-Be-It-From-Authentic)
B00000JPYQ|5.0|since the first time i heard the original strangers i knew that i would never hear a heavier live album schenker's guitar work is awesome this is a classic a must have for anyone who appreciates great guitar. Dont pass up  this one the greatest live metal album of all time. Schenker kicks.
B00001SIES|5.0|This album's rock. Period. Nothing here even comes close to pop, &amp; that's said as a simple fact, not as a compliment or an insult. Anyway, this album's really good. I initially gave it merely four stars but I grew to fully love it now. Many people compare Muse to Radiohead as it's really inevitable, but even tho' most of the tracks here really sound similar to some parts of &quot;The Bends&quot; &amp; even &quot;Pablo Honey&quot; Muse has managed to combine some of Radiohead's music's elements, add some of their own &amp; create some sorta aggressive guitar/drums/mellotrondriven unique sound. Strong tracks include &quot;Sunburn&quot;, &quot;Muscle Museum&quot;, &quot;Fillip&quot;, &quot;Showbiz&quot;, &quot;Unintended&quot;, &quot;Uno&quot; &amp; &quot;Escape&quot;.
B00004T8RK|4.0|For me their are two distinct versions of Pearl Jam.  There is the pre-NO Code version and the one that emerged from No Code.<br />The sound is now softer and there are not as many hooks, but that's not such a bad thing.   If you need hooks listen to Creed.<br />&quot;Light Years&quot;, &quot;Parting  Ways&quot; and &quot;Insignificance&quot; are some of the highlights.
0783240503|1.0|I was given this movie as a gift.  not only is it inaccurate, but they  imply a lot of sexual interest in Mrs.Potifer when Joseph had none!  he was  trying to get away.  they don't do much with the choreography and they have  they narrator interacting with the characters.  if your life story was  being told as you lived it you wouldn't see the narrator.  yes, I realize  that it's a movie (&amp; originally theator) but really!  some accuracy  would be nice!
B00000J6AG|5.0|I'm not a huge techno fan, and i bought this cd on a whim.  After my second listen to this amazing cd, i was totally hooked.  It did not leave my cd player for the next several weeks, and i can't recommend it enough to  anybody who like to listen to beautiful music.  Run on, Natural Blues,  Porcelain, and Honey all convey such raw emotion, it can bring tears to  your eyes, while the intensity of bodyrock brings this album to a fevered  pitch.  Then the last several tracks sooth and calm, leaving the listener  in a zen like state.  Put this cd in your stereo and listen straight  through.  I use it to phsyche myself up, and clam myself down.  It is  awesome.  Buy it!  This cd has totally changed my view on techno.
B00003Q43A|5.0|This is one of my all time favorite movies. I think the acting is excepional, and the special effects are spectacular. <br />Most of the complaints this movie gets, I belive are undeserved. People who criticize  this movie tell people to leave their IQ at home... Maybe they should have  brought their IQ along to understand the movie!<br />First the people who  complain that the movie is too much focused on America.... WTF?  Can you  please tell me what the name of the movie is?  Indepenence Day (ID4) an  american holliday! c'mon get a clue, of course it is going to be biased in  favor of america, it is only the most important American Holiday!<br />another  problem people have with the move is that the acting is horrible... well I  wont touch much on that one since that is subject to opinon... all Ill say  is watch it again... the DVD version has more of the Story intact... and  watch the part where the &quot;firt kid&quot; says &quot;is mommy  sleeping&quot; and the pres says &quot;yeah... mommys sleeping&quot; and  tell me you don't feel anything....<br />the other problem people have a hard  time with is the part, or parts i should say; where Jeff Goldblum  is able  to dicipher the alien code in the satilite and where he can connect to the  alien ship with his laptop...<br />first... the alien ships where using human  satilites, where everything is in binary(how all our compuers are  Binary)... and Jeff Being a 8 year MIT Grad probably has a good  understanding of reading binary... and all he did was find a hidden binary  code that wasnt supposed to be there, he filtered it out and realized that  it was a count down(in short). <br />the one that most people have a problem  with is when he interfaces with the alien ship using his laptop.... well  think about it! they have had an alein ship there to study for 30+ years...  how do you think they were studing the alien technology?with computers!   Im sure they developed some sort of interface adapter to the alien  technology that allowed our computers to interface with alien computers...  what, you want them to show you how they make it so you know it works and  then you can say this is a beliveable movie?  C'mon guys Use your IQ you  have so much of, take it to the movie next time, im sure youll like it the  movie much more.<br />the only issue with the movie are the shortcuts it  takes... like when will smith finds his girlfriend among the rubble of EL  Toro, or when he finds Area 51 with the RV caravan. or how Wills girlfriend  finds the first lady, or how Jeff's girl friend is in a position to get a  meeting with the president So Jeff can Give the critical info to the pres  just in time... but all that is to just make the movie more fun. thats all  the movie tries to be... just a Kick A$$ joy ride!<br />enjoy it for what it  is and don't cut it down for something that it isn't even trying to be.
B000002UJQ|5.0|This is the simply one of the best albums of all time. Period.  From start to finish, OK Computer is a flat out masterpiece.  Every song is absolutely compelling and you would have to be made of stone not to like it.  The  music is ground braking, the words are beautiful, and Thom Yorke has such a  sad voice on some songs (Airbag, Let Down, Karma Police, No Surprises) you  may just brake down and cry.  I know I do.  Buy this or miss out.
B00004THAY|2.0|I bought this album on a whim hoping for the best.  Not a good move.  Essentially this is the greatest living white guitar  player (when he feels like playing) going thru the motions with a one of the founders.  Very  little of the fire, creativity  and especially authenticity of their best  work emerges here. So how to rate it?  On it's  own merits it's mediocre.   If Bonnie Rait and Stevie Ray Vaughn are what you know and love then I  suppose you will probably like this.  If on the other hand you know and  love Muddy Waters, Sonny Boy Williamson and Howlin Wolf, the 50's and early  60's B B King , Magic Sam and Otis Rush's Cobra sides not to mention  classic Clapton (such as the live Double Trouble on the first box set)  forget Riding with the King.  It would surely be one of the worst blues  records you could ever own.  If you haven't explored and extensively  listened to the giants mentioned above, buy a good listener's guide from  Amazon and start doing your research.  There are some incredible listening  experiences lying ahead.  I envy you.
0380804557|4.0|In general, I tend to be easily annoyed with fantasy books. This book was a wonderful exemption. It was so original and combined humor, creativity and wonderful characterizations seamlessly. This book offers all the best  elements of fantasy: colorful characters, exotic settings, and exiting plot  twists. The only thing that troubled me about the book was how some parts  were so involving and others seemed to drag a little. A very minor  complaint, and I'm sure many people could care less about it, but hey,  that's how I felt. Overall, it was a very good book, and definitely worth  reading.
B000002KIC|4.0|The Band was a favorite of the rock critics, so why should they have given themselves a star-studded sendoff like this?  The answer: They deserved it.  The Band was an oasis of sanity in the freaky music scene of the '60s,  making rock that seemed as rootsy and traditionally American as anything by  Aaron Copland.  As a backing band, they make everyone sound great here.  Paul Butterfield and Levon Helm choogle up a storm on &quot;Mystery  Train&quot;.  Neil Young pays them onstage compliments, and then delivers a  searing &quot;Helpless&quot; with their help.  Van Morrison gives a  joyously expansive performance of &quot;Caravan&quot;.  Even Neil Diamond,  singing one of his minor numbers, sounds classic.<br />The Band's own  numbers don't sound quite so fresh as on their live album _Rock of Ages_,  but that's no deterrent to appreciating these gems of songs.  Somewhat more  troublesome are the numbers with Dylan; apparently he insisted on the  arrangements here, which are stiff and clunky compared to their Royal  Albert Hall versions.  And Dr. John's sly &quot;Such A Night&quot; is in  film but not on the cd.<br />Whether you care about the legend of The Band,  the significance of the event, or just dig good, groovin' music, this is a  can't miss purchase.
6301066642|3.0|This film is a must see for any devoted MM fan.  Although this isn't one of her better films, it showcases her singing abilities with a few musicals numbers: After you get what u want you don't want it, Heatwave, and Lazy.    She was fun to watch, even though, from what I have read, she wasn't having  too much fun on the set.  Her presence onscreen is like watching a star  shining brightly in the sky. The story is good.  It does have a few slow  momments, but it entertains.  I also thought that Donald O'Conner and  Johnny Ray were very good too.  O'Connor was a good dancer and shows his  stuff in this film. I recommend this film for your Marilyn collection, if  you like watching her sing, dance, and act in glitzy musical comedies. This  movie is worth seeing to see Marilyn and Johnny Ray belt out some tunes and  watch O'connor step in time.
B000002672|1.0|This album should be called &quot;AMERICAN RADIO FRIENDLY ROULLETTE&quot;, so bad it is. YOu could tolerate Udos growls before, because the music, the songs were great. BUt in this one, turning commercial, everything  collapsed!  This CD has nothing to do with the once very good German  band...
B00003CWRX|4.0|I'll just say it right now, this was one of those movies that you really have to pay attention to understand.  This is why I gave the movie four stars and not five.<br />But you see, this movie was so good,that through much  of the movie, it was too darn good to NOT pay attention to.  Al Pacino was  AMAZING and Russell Crowe did a fantastic job.  The Insider is a quite long  movie, but if you have an hour or two to spend on TV...RENT THIS MOVIE.   Its better then most anything on television these days, thats for sure,  except maybe 60 Minutes.  :)
B0000025YW|4.0|Incredible how a band full of accomplished musicians as guitar player Wolf Hoffmann, bassist Peter Balter and drummer Stefan Jaufmman could be led by such a dreadful singer as Dirk Scheneider, whou can write great tunes but  just cant sing at all!  Anyway, this record is fantastic!
B00004SCX6|1.0|Oops, she did it again. She insulted the intelligence of every man, woman, and child on this earth by thinking that this &quot;music&quot; (which she doesn't even write) is something that we should spend thirteen dollars on.   If you are a young male and are attracted to her, by all means, go out and  buy posters and save yourself the money on this music. If you're a young  woman and like her voice (which would imply to me that you haven't heard  the plethora of woman musicians out there) may I suggest something like the  Indego Girls, not that I am an Indego girls fanatic, but you would hear a  different style (and in my opinion, much deeper development) of the female  voice. And if you just like the upbeat and bubble-gum-poppy nature of her  songs, well, then God bless.
B0000025RQ|4.0|JUDAS is a great band. Like so many others, after a determined recording, it seems their creativity was gone forever, the momentum was lost. THis album is the last Priest album to show real first-class material. The only  flaw is that, being a band totally led by Halford, Tipton and Downing, Ian  Hills bass is very hard to listen and Dave HOllands drumming is very  weak.
B000002ADT|5.0|This album is perfect for staring out a window speckled with rain. you will breathe with it, and get to know it so well that you sing it in your head. I have had a single bar of improvisation in my mind for days. And  yet, it is not something which must be obsessed about, or even  contemplated. It can be floating in the background like Bill Evans' subtle  chordings, and yet perfectly complement any situation. You can feel the  chemistry between every artist on the album - to the extent that it becomes  chamber music rather than just a jam. This album could be said to ooze  heavenly alchemy, but there are no holes for it to ooze from. All the stars  in the sky would not be enough to rate this record.
B000005RTQ|3.0|This is the last good SAXON album. Coming after the masterpiece &quot;POWER AND THE GLORY&quot;, it has great songs. But there is already a clue to what would come in later albuns: the dreadful ballad &quot;DO IT  ALL FOR YOU&quot;...
B00003CX5A|5.0|Yes, it was not as scary as many people would think, due to the fact that it was directed by Tim Burton and had to do with gruesome murders, but the lost scares are made up for with superb acting and excellent storytelling.   &quot;Sleepy Hollow,&quot; I feel, is one of the greatest movies I have  seen in years, tied with &quot;Aliens&quot; and &quot;Predator.&quot;   Johnny Depp, Christina Ricci, and Christopher Walken (who doesn't get  enough credit for this movie) play wonderfully and captivate your sould  with marvelous acting.
B000002I2M|5.0|This album was released in 1971, just before Jim Morrison's death.  The Doors had dumped their old producer (Paul Rothchild) and produced this album themselves.  Rothchild later berated the band saying that they lost  thier artistic vision without him (although he did still have a hand in  this album).  But, he was wrong.  LA Woman turns out to be the Doors most  mature album and their best and most creative since the debut album.   <br />This is mostly a straight ahead rock album with some blues/jazz  influence.  The Doors were heavily blues influenced.  Fifty percent of a  Doors concert would consist of covers of old blues standards. With the  exception of some songs on the first album and Absolutely Live, that  influence didn't come through on any of the records until now.  It has  added a new dimension to the already powerful song writing of the Doors.
B0000062FN|5.0|This was the first, the very first ever record I bought when I was 14 and knew nothing. Now my kids are experimenting with the tunes and the rhythms and it works just as well as it did in 1974! This stuff is hard to find  anywhere else. It is real dark chocolate sort of stuff, intense, tasty and  very dancable. The three extra tracks are good but the last one is really  quite something.<br />Some of this stuff works if you change the rythms and  the instrumentation slightly and in fact Batuka is very amenable to  variations in pacing and so forth. The alternative, live Batuka shows one  alternative interpretation and I expect there are others to say, Jungle  strut.<br />Actually, Caravanserai was not too distant from this in intensity,  and the two go together quite well.<br />Don't be fooled - what Jose Chipato  Areas does with the other musicians sounds like he and they have been doing  it since they were born, but trust me, its damn hard and these guys really,  really worked to sound this good.
B000002HNR|4.0|The Doors were completely different live than they were on the studio albums.  In concert, they were much more blues influenced.  They were raw, they would stretch out the material and they would experiment and jam. They  would cover a lot of blues standards. Although &quot;Absolutely Live&quot;  does demonostrate some of this, it is not the best representation of what  the Doors could be like live.  A better album would be the 2CD set called  &quot;In Concert&quot;.  It contains all of &quot;Absolutely Live&quot;,  plus it has a second CD containing &quot;Alive She Cried&quot; and  &quot;Live at the Hollywood Bowl&quot; plus a previously unreleased version  of The End.  There is also the Doors Boxset, which contains alot of great  live material, but is uneven and expensive.<br />&quot;Absolutely Live&quot;  was released in 1970.  Although there are some rough and raw parts and  Morrison does go into some rants, I think it was partially santitized by  the record company.  The best thing about this album is that it is not just  live duplicates of the studio material.  Most of the material isn't  available on other albums.  There's a spectacular version of Who Do You  Love and the interesting Celebration of the Lizard.   The songs that are  studio albums are done in new and interesting ways.  Especially good are  the Dead Rats, Dead Cats intro to Break On Through and an extended version  of Soul Kitchen.  When the Music's Over is fairly good, but is interrupted  by Morrison ranting at the audience.  It is interesting and a good example  of how he could be in concert, but it interrupts the flow of the song and  isn't worth listening to more than once.
