0767832248|5.0|After viewing this film over fifty times since its release I would say this film is my absolute favorite. It belongs at the top of my list. From the first moment of the movie, you understand that you are in for the emotional roller-coaster ride of your life! Robert de Niro and Robin williams, are so passionate and give their absolute greatest performances. By some standards this film would be considered slow if you solely like all the other films I have reviewed (Click my name). But to say that is a slander to the film, the writer Oliver Sacks (The book) , Penny Marshall the Director, and all others involved. It will give you a more wholesome outlook on life and appreciate what you have. Some things are down-right halarious, while other moments make you think (And believe me the moving Film-Score will make you think!) Don't get me wrong, some of you will not like this movie, because it takes a certain taste to like it...But for the chosen-few who will give this film a shot and go with it, you will be blessed beyond measure. &quot;Its just the simple things...You have to be reminded...The meaning of Life...The Wonder of life...The Freedom of life...!&quot;
0553106635|4.0|I started reading this book with huge expectations. And I can gladly say that it fulfilled them. <br />Having read many books in the fantasy genre, I believe that only Robert Jordan can better Martin in the creation of a world you can live in. At certain times I still founnd myself needing to look at the map to identify exactly where parts of the story are occurring. <br />This aside, Martin's vivid portrayl of characters combined with twist after twist make reading this book pure pleasure.  Deftly woven plots -as subtle as gossamer- and coniving characters ensure that it is as hard as ever to put the book down.  Martin is adept at not only warring famalies and bloodlines against eachother, but is masterfull in contrasting personalities too. Robb's charisma, Jon's survival instincts, Tyrion's scheming, Cersie's conniving and Bran's overgrown boldness.<br />In the intersts of not giving anything away I will not comment in depth, but will make 2 comments on things I see detracting from the book.<br />First and foremost, it would seem that Martin has developed a penchant for culling characters off willy nilly and for no apparent purpose. This begs the question how many new characters and plots does he plan to introduce. My second point is tied into this. With new plots developing already and with the scope for many more, will Martin be able to bring the story to a close within a book or two, or will instead, this become a series that will sit on the shelf looking like a set on Encyclopedia? That said, I thoroughly recommend this book to everyone with the warning, do not try and predict this book! You will only go mad if you do!
6305311463|1.0|Of all the great films that Criterion has put out, I was wondering why on earth they did Armaggedon.  Okay let's see, &quot;Seven Samurai, Last Temptation of Christ, Do the Right Thing, The Third Man, Grand Illusion, Henry V,...Armaggedon?&quot; Which one does NOT belong?  I can understand &quot;Chasing Amy&quot; more, but PUUULEEESSEE.  I've heard &quot;The Rock&quot; is also coming out on Criterion.  It's a little better than Armaggedon, but not worthy to be among the other great films mentioned.  Michael Bay must be slipping them some money under the table.
6300215512|5.0|I first saw this film about a month ago expecting to see a campy, vampy classic the likes of which I hadn't seen since Mommie Dearest.  Boy was I suprised!  This film is not campy at all, it's a finely crafted work of art that fully engaged me in it's story of desperation.  I was suprised by the richness and depth of characters all around, but espicailly by Norma Desmond.  As over the top and outragous as Gloria Swanson is I never once didn't believe her.  To achieve this level of believability and honesty from this character takes great craft.  The story is dark and twisted with some new depth of character being revealed at the most suprising moments.  Cinematography and lighting are astounding.  I will never be able to forget the one close up shot of Norma on the movie set back lit by the sets lights.  My breath was taken away and it was only one of many times.<br />Sunset Boulevard is a film that will stay with me forever and one that's become a classic for one really good reason:  It's a flawless production.
6305428220|1.0|This is another one of those campy teenage 3/4 horror, 1/4 comedy failures that makes less money than my little cousins allowance. How many times have you heard this &quot;my teacher is an alien thing&quot; with a kid who accidentally sees his math instructor mutating? I have seen it far too many times and this is just one from the bunch. <br />You'll see nothing that wasn't carbon copied from other movies of this type. For example, the high school kids who begin to suspect that their teachers really are from distant places team up to try and stop them. But, when they tell their parents this, they get referred to insane asylums and all kinds of nonstop jibberish that adds up to be a huge waste of time.
0425152251|1.0|I wish Sophie's Choice had lived up to the adventure that my friend had told me would be there.  The summary of philosophy was OK.  The plot was skimpy.  If you want to read a well plotted novel of Philosophy, I suggest Zen and the Art of Motercycle Maintenance.
B000053VAF|1.0|This movie gives new meaning to the term &quot;religion bashing.&quot; Yes, I'm Catholic, and I suppose I don't have an &quot;open mind&quot; since these days that means having no real firmly-held principles. So I will risk being labeled &quot;unhip&quot;, &quot;closed-minded&quot; and &quot;a fanatic&quot; by all the &quot;open minded&quot; liberals who have no problem condemning everyone who disagrees with them. So here goes: Are we really at the point in human history where we have decided that it is acceptable to ridicule religion in the name of having a few laughs? In a time of &quot;tolerance&quot; for others, isn't it time to start &quot;tolerating&quot; Christianity and giving it the respect we afford to other philosophies? Do we really need a movie that ridicules Jesus' mother, depicts one of his &quot;descended&quot; family members working in an abortion clinic, and gleefully trashes the Catholic church from beginnig to end? I don't understand why so many people today feel smug and superior trashing &quot;organized religion&quot; while following the &quot;philosophies&quot; of self-absorbed nihilists like a bunch of braindead lemmings. It's ok to quote John Lennon or Kurt Cobain -- or Kevin Smith -- in this modern age, but a quotation from the Bible will win you a dirty look and a cruel insult. &quot;Dogma&quot; is the flagship film for this very closed-minded era where everyone creates &quot;his or her own God&quot; while laughing at the tenets of faith that have been revered for centuries. As C.S. Lewis once said &quot;we are half-hearted creatures, fooling around with drink and sex when infinite joy is offered us, like an ignorant child who wants to go on making mudpies in the slums because he cannot imagine what is meant by the offer of a vacation at the sea. We are far too easily pleased.&quot; Don't be an ignorant child --- this film is the ultimate mudpie in the slums!
B000002OCP|5.0|I bought this album on vinyl soon after it was released but not knowing anything about it.  It was recommended by a close friend who was really into the blues (at least for a high school kid in the '60's, like me) as we wandered the shops on Wells St. in Old Town, Chicago.  I didn't even know who Muddy Waters was.  Mannish Boy!, were MY eyes opened.  It blew my mind and initiated a lifelong love of the blues, even as non-traditional a sample as it is.  I saw Muddy several times soon after in small clubs nearby and that was that.  Even though I like lots of music, the Blues is the best.  Thanks, Mr. Morganfield. (I'm ordering the CD today, right here.)
B0000214F0|5.0|The movie concerns the rise and fall of Caligula from the emperor of Rome; and that is all; there´s no more. If you look for a history lesson, this is not your movie... But frankly, i think that it wasn´t Guccione´s  prime intention... He wanted to make such a movie that you cant forget... I first watched it when i was sixteenth... you see violence, rapes, all kind of sex... it didn´t fail at this moment(late seventies) but it doesn´t fail today... This is its best goal...  Tinto brass began the shooting, but Bob Guccione fired him because Brass didn´t work within Guccione´s paremeters(aka: sex, sex...) So producer saw himself involved in actual shooting; Bob filmed hardcore stuff and put it in the movie without  stars´knowledge... The final product is badly photographed, badly edited, badly shooted..., but nevertheless,is stunning; you know what you see are actors playing their parts..., but they are so real...!  <br />Great... Tinto BRass, Guccione and  post production director G. Lui really did give their best shot...
0375501851|3.0|I actually bought this book at Heathrow planning to read it on the plane. I found it hard to get into. I really admire Zadie Smith because she's only a year or two older than me and she's written this... manifesto... something which I can currently only aspire to... But in all honesty, White teeth is not without it's flaws.<br />Before anything, let me say White Teeth was extraordinarily well written, and for the most part entertaining. Smith's razor sharp wit will no doubt absorb you within the books pages at times - she's definitely someone you'd love to have a conversation with and just pick her brain. Throughout the book though, her linguistic acrobatics get somewhat tiresome... Personally I found some of the words she chooses to use, well, UNNECESSARY. I can't provide an example as I gave the book to my aunt to read, but she just seems to pick the most obscure words she possibly can at times. I found myself picking up my dictionary more than I ever have before which is not altogether a bad thing - but it creates blocks in my understanding and the flow of the story in my mind... it's just annoying after awhile!<br />I disliked the ending. The last quarter of the book was a chore to read and it was anti-climactic. The third quarter I realised I disliked the friggin' Chalfens, I disliked Magid. I disliked the fact that he was sent away, PERIOD, nor could I understand the logic in that turn of events in the book. I REALLY liked Alsana and the Niece-of-Shame - I would have loved to have more of them in the book, as well as Clara. I just feel like Smith introduced me to these fantastis people I would have loved to have gotten to know further, and then just left them hanging when she had a gold mine of stories and sub-plots she could have created. I would have liked the relationship between Irie &amp; Millat explored further, it just seemed to be glossed over and made insignificant to the greater story. By the end of the book, I didn't really feel for any of the character and didn't care about finishing the story - I did so only because I forced myself.<br />Perhaps Smith had spread herself too thin with the enormous scope of the book? She definitely had all the fundamentals of a perfect story in place, but somehow it didn't come together.<br />No doubt Zadie Smith is a talented writer and I'll definitely be looking forward to her next work. Most of my problems with white Teeth essentially stem from the fact that I disliked the way the story unfolded and the way the characters developed. I would have liked to have cared a bit more by the time I reached page three-hundred-and-whatever, but I was completely indifferent. Usually with books I love as I reach the closing pages I become panicked because I'm &quot;not ready to leave their world&quot; - with this one it was more like &quot;hallelujah!&quot;.
B00003CXSP|5.0|I LOVED this movie, no doubt about it.  Completely different from Silence of the Lambs, and perhaps better.  Hannibal shows a more human quality, if possible for him, in this one.  He's as obsessed as ever with Clarice, and you can tell that he's been thinking every single day about her before this movie begins.  It is, however, very slow to start and Clarice should have played a larger role, I think.  She said very little throughout the movie, in my opinion.
B000059ZLH|5.0|If I were to name the top Progressive Rock bands in the world, I could have thought of Dream Theater as one of the best, followed closely by Queensryche in their good times, and the master of all, Pink Floyd. As far as the group in question, DT is currently kicking hard with their last CD, &quot;Scenes from a memory&quot;. The disk, a concept album, has a story about a murder, viewed from several angles, throughout the album. Storyline is quite interesting, music is amazing, and vocals are terrific!. Here you see 5 masters of their instruments, playing at top notch, working in a unison not regularly seen, at blazing speeds, and always keeping consistency and stability. As a studio album, it makes me fly every single time I hear it...as a live set? WOW, WOW, WOW!! I know that sounds too little a description, but, when there are no words to describe the amazement, it's the only thing that I could write! As a fan of high quality music, I find DT to be one of those few groups who actually do master their music. As a rock fan, damn, this guys kick some serious booty! If you fall into any of the 2 cathegories, buy this DVD! DT will not turn you down. The image quality and sound is truly amazing, worth the piece of art that the album represents. If you can, you should also try to buy the actual CD &quot;Scenes&quot;, as it is considered by most Prog Rock fans a definite MUST HAVE.
0393317552|4.0|Jared Diamond does not explain why everything in the world is the way it is today, but he does a very good job explaining how a few basic environmental factors broadly shaped the distribution of power among peoples from the earliest dates in human civilization.  The powers that he mentions (in Part 3 of the book) are those of advanced weaponry, writing systems that made communication more efficient, immunity to disease, and complex political organization.  What makes this book so interesting, though, is his discussion of the role of agriculture, animal domestication, and geographic location in creating a setting that favored or hindered the development and proliferation of &quot;guns, germs, and steel.&quot;  The first part of the book introduces the reader to this idea, but it is he second part of the book, &quot;The Rise and Spread of Food Production,&quot; that explains it and thus encompasses most of the premise upon which the book builds.  <br />The fourth part of the book is a series of quick case studies where Diamond shows his thesis in action.  It is not without value since it is empirical evidence for his theory, but it becomes a little repetitive and the joy of discovering new knowledge fades.  And I agree with others who thought Diamond's political correctness a little distracting.  Nonetheless, it is enlightening and fun to read and what more can one ask for than that?
B00003CWL6|5.0|I love this movie. It is my all time favorite film. Many pf the people that I know that have seen it don't get it, and therefore don't like it. I think it is a beautifuly made film showing us how we see beauty in the world. The perfect american family on the outside but on teh inside is where the real beauty lies. When we think of beauty we all see the rose petals and the beautiful girl but this movie shows us the real beauty in everyday life. the way one event can change a man's life forever, a bag floating in the wind. It asks us to look at life at a different angle and find the beauty there, and everywhere.
B000059TPN|4.0|This is one of my favorite movie's of all time so i was exited abot the criterion dvd even though i just bought the old standered dvd last decemeber, but this is still a great addtion to your dvd libiary even though I think it could have had more bonus feature, here's a breakdown of what it does have: some great and funny outake's ,a few behind the scene's special effect's feautrettes and the trailer and tv spot's although this is a different trailer then the one on the old dvd.a experct from a documentry about acletraz and a sixteen minute interveiw with producer jerry bruckimier. This is good, but being a criterion disc with this high of a price I felt it lacked something. I have not watched the movie or listened to the commentry yet so I don't know how informative it is or if the tranfer is better on this disc. I just think a great dvd is one that will take you day's to get thourgh all the feautres I used all these feature's in one sitting. Here are some of the titles I am reffering to The toy story box set, The dinosaur collector's edtion, The abyss special edtion, glory special edtion,  and the wonderful do the right thing criterion collection. This is still a dvd to buy though even if you have the old rock dvd.
B000059MEK|3.0|When I first started my new cd, the first song came out and brought me in. I figured I was listening to an awesome repeat of Daft Punk's last CD. Then I heard the 3rd song, then the 4th song, etc. and I knew I was wrong. I felt like I was being dragged back into the eighties. I asked myself, &quot;Where is the hard hitting beats that Homework provided?&quot; Needless to say, I was sadly dissapointed when I realized all I bought were two good songs and a bunch of cheesy 80's slow tunes. If you like Daft Punk's old style of dance music, this CD isn't for you.
B000059R8Y|4.0|Clapton does it again.  The past 10 years are Clapton's best.  You get the sense that he's playing what he loves, not what he thinks will sell.  The music is flawless.  Clapton is letting us hear the wonderful range of his voice, it's like he's finally able to let it go.  You won't be disappointed in the latest release by the finest rock guitar player ever.
0140288503|5.0|Black Hawk Down written by Mark Bowden is an account of modernwarfare and the events that played out in Mogadishu, Somalia onOctober 3, 1993.  Bowden's book, written 3 years after the firefighthappened, vividly recreates the battle through the soldiers' eyesduring the combat.  Black Hawk Down totals 392 pages and is well worththe price for the amount of information and enjoyment one receiveswhen reading the book.  Mark Bowden was a journalist writing columnsabout the Battle of Mogadishu for a newspaper during the 1993incident.  Bowden is a nationally credited journalist receiving manyawards for his writing.  Having now military experience himself,Bowden gains primary sources for the book from personal interviewswith the soldiers, radio tapes of the combat, and video filmed duringthe combat.  Given Bowden's journalistic accomplishments and awards,the type of research conducted, and the first-hand sources used giveshim the experience he needs to write the book.  Mark Bowden's novelBlack Hawk Down does an excellent job in creating a story that is easyand fun to read while implicating accurate details from primarysources.  The author makes sure the book is interpreted as popularhistory and not mistaken for scholarly history.  The book focuses onan event that occurred instead of a historical document or artifact.Bowden creates a story that is so intriguing the reader does not wantto put the book down.  He creates this story through the sources heused to gather his information.  The dialogue was taken from personalinterviews he conducted with the soldiers who fought in the battle.There might have been some inconsistencies about fact and fiction inthe stories because the event took place three years ago and itdepends on whom he interviewed.  Because of the popular support fromthe armed forces, as the &quot;Afterword&quot; states in his book, wecan say he does an exceptional job at finding the discrepancies andinterpreting the truth.  The dialogue was also taken from radiocommunications that were recorded while the battle took place.  Thephysical evidence of audio taped conversations left no room for Bowdento misquote the dialogue.  <br /> In the back of Bowden's book, there isa complete bibliography from which he attained all his information.Mark Bowden does not present any new information about the Mogadishuincident, although he does tell the story from the soldiersperspective which is a different approach than other works have done.Throughout the novel, there are no citations from other works exceptfrom the material he gathered through interviews and recorded audio.The lack of footnotes and citations throughout the novel guaranteeseasy and enjoyable reading.  Bowden bases most of his work oninterviews and government documents and then uses his journalistic andcreative writing style to tell a captivating story.  He documents howhe was able to obtain the sources, who he interviewed, what books andarticles he referred to, and where he got the radio tapes.  Because ofthese documented sources, it is hard to question the validity of theinformation he presents you.  Bowden accomplishes his purpose inwriting the novel because he gives an accurate and in-depthdescription of the battle through the soldiers perspective whilemaintaining a story which is fun and worth the time reading.<br /> MarkBowden stays true to his thesis throughout Black Hawk Down, andpresents the audience with a book that you do not want to put down.The book is non-stop action that keeps you on the edge of your seat.The novel jumps around from different people's perspective throughoutthe story, yet his excellent writing skill does not allow you to beconfused or lost.  He also provides background information about thesoldiers and characters when they are first introduced and when herefers to them later in the story.  Bowden provided a lot ofinformation about the military and used acronyms for names throughoutthe story.  He used the military style of communicating when hewrotethe book.  However, Bowden does a superb job in providing the audiencewith the definition of the acronyms stood for.  He defined them in theback of the book where there is an index and by putting the definitionin parenthesis next to the acronym.  This method of writing almostmade it feel as if the reader was actually hearing the radiocommunications and conversations when it happened.  Bowden alsoprovided a few maps in the book to visually show where the battle tookplace and what the routes of the forces were.  The implication of mapsmade it easier to follow and understand the circumstances better.There are pictures in the back of the novel showing some of thesoldiers and equipment they used during the operation.  <br /> MarkBowden wrote the novel Black Hawk Down with the purpose of making anenjoyable and easy to read novel from the soldiers perspective whileproviding an accurate first hand account of the events in Mogadishu,Somalia on October 3, 1993.  Because Bowden used his journalisticwriting abilities, his first hand interviews, and actual recordings ofaudio transmissions, this allowed him to write such a detailed andsuccessful novel.  Since the author is a journalist and not ahistorian, he wrote a popular history story about an event thathappened three years before the book was published.  Black Hawk Down,which sells for about fourteen dollars, is an excellent book filledwith accurate information and is worth reading by anyone interested inmodern warfare or the military.
B000002MTU|5.0|I love Clapton's work.  This is my hands-down favorites.  I listen to a lot of music, jazz, rock, classical.....but if I was going on a 'three-hour cruise', and could only bring one CD, this is it.  It's my favorite CD of all.  I've been listening to Clapton since the late 60's.  This is his best work.
0140288503|5.0|Black Hawk Down written by Mark Bowden is an account of modern warfare and the events that played out in Mogadishu, Somalia on October 3, 1993.  Bowden's book, written 3 years after the firefight happened, vividly recreates the battle through the soldiers' eyes during the combat.  Black Hawk Down totals 392 pages and is well worth the price for the amount of information and enjoyment one receives when reading the book.  Mark Bowden was a journalist writing columns about the Battle of Mogadishu for a newspaper during the 1993 incident.  Bowden is a nationally credited journalist receiving many awards for his writing.  Having now military experience himself, Bowden gains primary sources for the book from personal interviews with the soldiers, radio tapes of the combat, and video filmed during the combat.  Given Bowden's journalistic accomplishments and awards, the type of research conducted, and the first-hand sources used gives him the experience he needs to write the book.          Mark Bowden's novel Black Hawk Down does an excellent job in creating a story that is easy and fun to read while implicating accurate details from primary sources.  The author makes sure the book is interpreted as popular history and not mistaken for scholarly history.  The book focuses on an event that occurred instead of a historical document or artifact.  Bowden creates a story that is so intriguing the reader does not want to put the book down.  He creates this story through the sources he used to gather his information.  The dialogue was taken from personal interviews he conducted with the soldiers who fought in the battle.  There might have been some inconsistencies about fact and fiction in the stories because the event took place three years ago and it depends on whom he interviewed.  Because of the popular support from the armed forces, as the &quot;Afterword&quot; states in his book, we can say he does an exceptional job at finding the discrepancies and interpreting the truth.The dialogue was also taken from radio communications that were recorded while the battle took place.  The physical evidence of audio taped conversations left no room for Bowden to misquote the dialogue.  <br />     In the back of Bowden's book, there is a complete bibliography from which he attained all his information.  Mark Bowden does not present any new information about the Mogadishu incident, although he does tell the story from the soldiers perspective which is a different approach than other works have done.  Throughout the novel, there are no citations from other works except from the material he gathered through interviews and recorded audio.  The lack of footnotes and citations throughout the novel guarantees easy and enjoyable reading.  Bowden bases most of his work on interviews and government documents and then uses his journalistic and creative writing style to tell a captivating story.  He documents how he was able to obtain the sources, who he interviewed, what books and articles he referred to, and where he got the radio tapes.  Because of these documented sources, it is hard to question the validity of the information he presents you.  Bowden accomplishes his purpose in writing the novel because he gives an accurate and in-depth description of the battle through the soldiers perspective while maintaining a story which is fun and worth the time reading.<br />     Mark Bowden stays true to his thesis throughout Black Hawk Down, and presents the audience with a book that you do not want to put down.  The book is non-stop action that keeps you on the edge of your seat.  The novel jumps around from different people's perspective throughout the story, yet his excellent writing skill does not allow you to be confused or lost.  He also provides background information about the soldiers and characters when they are first introduced and when he refers to them later in the story.  Bowden provided a lot of information about the military and used acronyms fornames throughout the story.  He used the military style of communicating when he wrote the book.  However, Bowden does a superb job in providing the audience with the definition of the acronyms stood for.  He defined them in the back of the book where there is an index and by putting the definition in parenthesis next to the acronym.  This method of writing almost made it feel as if the reader was actually hearing the radio communications and conversations when it happened.  Bowden also provided a few maps in the book to visually show where the battle took place and what the routes of the forces were.  The implication of maps made it easier to follow and understand the circumstances better.  There are pictures in the back of the novel showing some of the soldiers and equipment they used during the operation.  <br />     Mark Bowden wrote the novel Black Hawk Down with the purpose of making an enjoyable and easy to read novel from the soldiers perspective while providing an accurate first hand account of the events in Mogadishu, Somalia on October 3, 1993.  Because Bowden used his journalistic writing abilities, his first hand interviews, and actual recordings of audio transmissions, this allowed him to write such a detailed and successful novel.  Since the author is a journalist and not a historian, he wrote a popular history story about an event that happened three years before the book was published.  Black Hawk Down, which sells for about fourteen dollars, is an excellent book filled with accurate information and is worth reading by anyone interested in modern warfare or the military.
B000002LB6|4.0|The Circus reflects the bands growth level from their debut Wonderland with better vocals and tighter production.  Some of my favorite Erasure songs of all are here in &quot;Victim Of Love,&quot; &quot;Leave Me To Bleed,&quot; and &quot;Sometimes.&quot;   A smooth blend of analog synths,  unique electronic bleeps, combined with a great melody has quickly become the British duo's tour de force.  Lots of danceable tracks with some slower ones mixed in.  I love the atmospheric dreamy qualities of &quot;Spiralling.&quot;  Other cool songs include &quot;It Doesn't Have To Be,&quot; &quot;Hideaway,&quot; and &quot;The Circus.&quot;<br />If you like Erasure, also check out EchoImage!
0060974176|4.0|Lean production has its disciples, as well as its detractors. The future of automobile production, and general supply chain management is centred in lean production philosophies and management techniques.<br />This book provides for the initiated, as well as the practitioner, a complete account of the major issues and problems faced with the introduction and management of lean systems.<br />The Japanese, particularly Toyota, were the originators of this approach to manufacturing. The Japanese success has been closely followed throughout the world, with the Koreans modelling the technique, and US companies such as the GM Saturn closely resembling lean systems.<br />The manufacturing and retail supply chain management in automobiles, but also in every other sector of economic activity, is closely following lean systems. This book is a very useful and immediate account of what this important production development and technique exactly is.
B00000IPAX|5.0|I just want to say that this is an awesome CD. Even though it's different than Dude Ranch, it doesn't mean that they're sellouts. They're not! This CD has some amazing songs! I really love &quot;Going Away to College&quot; and &quot;Adam's Song.&quot; True, this Enema of the State has a different sound than Dude Ranch, but it's still Blink-182 and they're still awesome!!!!
B000056K04|3.0|I started listening to DMB in 1990 and became a huge fan. I was disappointed when they became popular and hit the mainstream, because some of their music started to change, as seen on \\"Before These Crowded Streets.\\" however, this takes the cake. This sounds NOTHING like typical DMB. Dave has dumped the acoustic guitar in favor of electric, and seems to growl and howl on almost every song to the point of annoyance. Even more atrocious, is Boyd Tinsley's rap on one of the songs. It seems that DMB has finally hit the point of \\"sellout.\\" It's just too bad they didn't realize that their old formula worked so well because it was what people wanted to hear.<br /><br />This CD sounds more like something produced by the Chemical Brothers. Even if you're a huge Dave Matthews found, trust me, you don't want this album. It will only disappoint you.<br /><br />Edit: 11/5/09 - Okay, it took me eight years but I am changing my 1 star review to 3 stars because this album has finally grown on me. Yes, it is a different sound from the Dave Matthews Band, but I have now learned to accept that from this group, and it does have some decent songs on it.
B000056N8X|4.0|I thought it was a very good movie.Granted it wasn't as good as the one that started it all but it sure comes close.The plot was ok and i thought Adrian Paul is well suited to take up the sword from Chris Lambert.I thought that it was a good way to pass on the mantle by having Connor and Duncon face off cuz as you know there can be only one.i like the exchange between the two right before Duncon makes his choice i dont want to give away who walks away to face the main villian.   i recommend this movie to any highlander fan it ties it all up nicely
0783235380|5.0|This movie is a nice movie to watch, and beautiful filmed as well. Like those water drops slowly dropping... Only the only sad part was that it has a bit of a sad ending, since Sandra is my favorite...  The movie goes like this: It's only two days before Ben's (Ben Affleck) wedding when his plane &quot;crashes&quot;. He &quot;rescues&quot; Sarah (Sandra Bullock), and decides not to fly to his wedding in Savannah. He ends up with Sarah in a car of a strange guy, because there was no other transportation possible, and ends up in jail for a night. After that everything is going to be a disaster. The only positive thing is that Sarah keeps him company, and makes the journey more enjoyable.<br />The rest you have to see for yourselves of course, but it is worth watching..
B00003CXAT|5.0|When I first saw this movie, I was only around seven years old.  I liked it, but that was mostly because it was &quot;a PG-13.&quot;  I didn't understand the plot, didn't have any idea that it was based on a book, and didn't appreciate the special effects (I just thought that the dinosaurs were robots with a guy driving them inside).  Then I realized it was a book awhile later and then finally decided to read the book just a few weeks ago.  After reading it (it was a excellent book, by the way), I wanted to see the movie again to see what changes it had in it.  It is very different, but Steven Spielberg makes it very good.<br />This movie is probably one of the most chilling movies that I have ever seen.  The special effects still remain amazing (nine years later), they still fully explained the plot (which is brilliant), and is just plain very good.  It was definatly focused more on the excitment than how they made the dinosaurs and got the the DNA and all that, but that is ussualy the way movies based on books are and they ussualy are a dissapointment (The Perfect Storm, need I say more?), but this movie is no dissapointment.  I mean, who wouldn't be thrilled by the idea of a Tyranasaurus Rex terorizing a present day island?  I now would.  And another thing that I noticed as that it really doesn't stop once it has gotten going.  Like after the first part when the T-Rex attacks the jeep, you think that all the fun is over once the jeep has flown into the tree.  But then, there is always the possibility that the jeep may fall out of the tree, right when Tim and Dr. Grant are climbing down it.  And that the electrical fence might just turn back on right when the those three are climbing over it.  That is a rare thing in movies, they ussauly pause for a long time in between each little three minute thrill seen.<br />So, in the end, this movie was very different from the book, but not dissapointment from the book one bit.  I reccomend it to pretty much everybody who isold enough to apprectiate movies.
B000056K04|4.0|Although the new album &quot;Everyday&quot; has gotten a very bad rap, I would like to come and say that I am pleased with the new release.  Although this album is not the best DMB you'll hear, it is still a powerful record.  Tracks like &quot;The Space Between&quot; will leave you wanting more.  This album is for the diehards, if you love DMB, you'll love this album.  A much quieter and calm record, a sound that is great nontheless.
B000002U9E|5.0|I am a 14 year old girl and i LOVE Kate Bush, she is the most brilliant beyond words!!! This is a fantastic album, and it is considered her best along with The Dreaming. It starts off with a well known Kate song Running up that hill (a deal with god) which is undoubtedly one of her TOP songs, and a smashing beginning to a cracking album! Second song is Hounds of love which is sweet, sad, joyful, haunting, calming and exciting all at the same time??!! How someone manages to put all those into one song i dont know, but Kate somehow manages it! And it is my 2nd fave song on the album. Then there is the Big sky, i can just imagine dancing in a field, jumping around like a pixie to this song, it is uplifting and fresh!! Mother stands for comfort is a chilling song, which gets better after you have heard it a few times, (it takes a while to get used to get used to the complicated rythym) it is beautiful and i love the ending. Cloudbusting is absolutely stunning and original, i love it, i love it, i love it!! The lyrics are something which will make you keep thinking for a long time, until you finally figure out exactly what the song is about! Then we come into the Ninth Wave, starting with Dream of sheep, this is a beautiful piano ballad which starts the Ninth Wave off perfectly and  prepares you for Under ice, which i have to admit i sometimes cant listen to, it can be a very dramatic and scary song if listened to under the right circumstances! Although it is simple , it makes a big impact. Then there is Waking the witch, which starts off slow so you cant help wonder what is going to happen next, well what happens next i cant really describe as anything other than wonderfully chaotic!! Watching you without me is a calming song with extremely thought provoking lyrics, and gives absolutely no warning of the next song. Jig of life!! Wow, this is  a song which will give you a shock, it is (unless you hadnt already guessed) an irish music based song, which is unbeleivably catchy and exciting! I cannot beleive that is possible to make such beautiful music, so boy did i get a surprise when i heard Hello earth! It is simply the most hauntingly beautiful song i have ever heard  and it is my all time favourite! You just have to hear it for yourself!! Morning fog is simply the most perfect ending for an album, it has always reminded me of the morning sunshine on an Autumn's day, and gives you such a wondeful, heavanly feeling that after  listening to Hounds of love i feel like i could be a new person!! All i can say is, buy this album and you will never, ever regret it!
6300184064|5.0|You know, it's strange sometimes what can stick in your memory where movies are concerned. For instance, whenever someone mentions Terry Gilliam's Brazil, the first thing that leaps to my mind is not the amazing story, the fantastic art direction, the great acting, or Gilliam's impeccable direction -- no, it's that damned theme song, every time! Of course, then I think about the rest of it, and I'm all right again...but I just know I'll never escape that song for as long as I live. Anyway, on to more germane blathering:<br />Ex-Python animator Gilliam has done several great films (Time Bandits, The Fisher King, Twelve Monkeys, Fear and Loathing In Las Vegas), but Brazil remains his greatest work, an existential masterpiece that gets better every time you watch it. The look of the film was heavily influenced by German Expressionist classics such as Metropolis and (to a lesser degree) The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari; the story is equal parts Orwell's 1984, Vonnegut's Harrison Bergeron, and Chaplin's Modern Times -- all tales of monolithic beauracracies/technocracies which either devour or threaten to devour the story's protagonists. (And, in a frightening case of life imitating art, Brazil itself was nearly never released by commerce-driven, blockbuster-minded, feel-good-hungry Universal Studios. Apparently this was because a personal artistic vision, and an allegorical statement about a cold corporate world devouring the individual spirit, just wouldn't play in Peoria. Gilliam actually had to go behind Universal's back to prove them wrong, and eventually had to take them to court to prevent them recutting Brazil with a different ending! And they said it could never happen here...)<br />The film centers around one Sam Lowry, a lowly clerk in the Ministry of Information Retrieval, who alternates his life of anonymous drudgery with flights of wild fantasy, where he is a warrior-angel with wings of metal, flying through clouds to kiss his goddess-like love. Jonathan Pryce, as Lowry, is a revelation; he brings the same quiet dignity to his everyman role that Jimmy Stewart brought to George Bailey -- and if you don't believe me, compare the two performances someday and see if I'm wrong. Anyway, Lowry is happy with his life -- he thinks -- and not only does he prefer his unremarkable existence, he actually goes out of his way to avoid the promotions arranged for him by his youth-obsessed mother (Katharine Helmond, in an absolutely delightful performance). Sam would be perfectly happy to continue on in this fashion the rest of his life, one feels --until one fateful day, when a bug quite literally gets into the computers, the letter B is substituted for the letter T, and the government's jackboots arrest an innocent man. This man's neighbor (played winningly by Kim Griest) then goes to report this false arrest -- and Sam Lowry discovers that she is, quite literally, the girl of his dreams. What follows is a comic tragedy of errors, as Sam tries to find out who she is, win her heart, and live out his dreams of a truly happy life.<br />It's not for the faint of heart, this movie. For while it's very funny, brilliantly-conceived satire, it's also incredibly dark. There is not a moment in this movie that does not have its own unsettling satirical twist -- such as a friend of Sam's mother, equally youth-obsessed, whose plastic surgeries keep going more and more disastrously wrong. Every successive scene she's in finds her wearing more and more bandages, and it produces the very definition of nervous laughter. Then there is the claustrophobic nature of every single mode of transport in the film -- it's Sam's mini-mini-mini-mini-car or the cagelike trains which take people back and forth through the city (both put me in mind of Sting's great line from the song &quot;Synchronicity II&quot;: &quot;Packed like lemmings into shiny metal boxes...&quot;). But one of the best examples of this is the running gag/subplot about the electronics in Sam's apartment being on the fritz. The problem is fixed illegally by a mysterious stranger (whose identity, as well as that of the actor who plays him, is best left unrevealed to those who haven't seen the movie) -- but all this does is cause Sam trouble with the legitimate repairmen, who proceed to make Sam's life miserable. They rip the guts out of every piece of machinery in the place (and a lot of it does indeed look like guts), and leave Sam's life in complete chaos, reflecting the chaos currently overtaking the rest of Sam's life as well. These moments are where the movie really hits its stride; the apartment scene in particular achieves a series of symbolic images which not only reflect the beauracracy-gone-mad macrocosm of the rest of the movie, but also suggest Jonah trapped in the belly of the beast.<br />I could go on and on (in fact, I have been) -- one of the problems in reviewing a film like Brazil is that it is so very rich, it is almost impossible to describe that richness in the short space allotted here. I haven't even touched upon half of the great moments in this movie, such as the memorable and inventive dream sequences, which not only reflect but sometimes even poke fun at the main story. Then there is the department-store bombing, where the story itself is exploded and put back together, and the revelation of this moment is one of the best scenes in the movie. And what about Michael Palin, cast brilliantly against type as Jack, Sam's friend who works as an inquisition-style torturer? Jack is the Compleat Beauraucrat, both the heavy of the piece and the counterpoint to Sam Lowry's closet anti-establishment character. Jack is so dedicated to his job that the death of his subjects brings him neither pain nor joy -- it's simlpy a workaday fact. Jack is so much a part of this homogenous world that he gives everybody identical Christmas presents. He also has three identical daughters whose names he can't get straight, and who seem completely oblivious to what Daddy does for a living. Palin's performance here is funny and menacing all at once -- your first sight of him in his torturer's gear, complete with evil &quot;baby-face&quot; mask, practically hits you like a physical blow, and his matter-of-fact attitude will do much the same. Palin should have been nominated for an Oscar for this performance...and so should Gilliam himself have been similarly honored for his tremendous directing job. I mentioned the richness of this film; Gilliam is juggling a lot of symbols, storylines, themes, and characters around, and he doesn't drop a one. Then there is also Gilliam's brilliant eye for composition; every shot in Brazil is meaningful in one way or another, and contributes to the film as a whole. One shot in particular has always stayed with me: the matronly old woman walking her dog, and the shot of the dog walking away from the camera. We see that the dog's -- jeez, how can I say this politely? -- rear end has been taped over. It's almost a throwaway gag, but it is also symbolic of the tight-sphinctered world in which Sam Lowry exists. Like I said, Gilliam doesn't miss a trEND
B000059R8Y|5.0|Another great collection of music (and sweet cover photos).
B00004X01U|5.0|i have to admit that when this cd came out, i was certain that it would have to be not just great, but almost flawless and perfect. it had to be better than &quot;ray of light&quot;, which is her materpiece. madonna has, well, done it again. she has taken a style of music, a sort of euro-punk-techno-dance combo, from the depths of the underground to the global mainstream masses, making it chic and cool, and all the while appealing to her fans and music critics, as well as her to the music industry. technically intricate and musically sophisticated, this album is also simultaneously effortless and breezy, from one track to the next, all the while keeping it's groove on and never letting you stop from moving to the beats. songs like &quot;music&quot;, &quot;impressive instant&quot;, &quot;amazing&quot;, and &quot;runaway lover&quot; should become dance standards and they alone are phenomenal. &quot;don't tell me&quot;, i deserve it&quot;, &quot;gone&quot;, &quot;paradise&quot; and &quot;what its like....&quot; are all melodically rich and lyrically mature, but don't overwhelm the listener with their sophistication. their are all at once familiar and comfortable, and intertwine with the other songs with perfect balance and compatibility. you got to give props to the Material Mama. she continues to push her own musical boundaries and all the while setting new standards.
B000005DQR|5.0|It's great when artists decide to move away from the mainstream and make truly original, startling music. I know that it may sound contradictory to call an artist who makes music strictly out of samples as making &quot;original&quot; music, but what DJ Shadow does is truly like nothing else.<br />I first heard Endtroducing around 1998 when I was living in Italy. My brother made a tape of this disc and sent it to me. I was blown away. The music definitely has roots in hip-hop and jazz, but has a creepy, minimalist, film-score vibe to it...and it sounds great!<br />Building songs out of nothing but samples sounds like an easy cop-out, but believe me, he has made it a beautiful art. I'm looking forward to hearing more from this truly talented individual.
6305971145|5.0|Arguably the finest film of the 1980's.
6305897786|5.0|This and The Matrix are the 2 movies recently made that I cant get enough of.  Each time you watch this film, you find something new. This is a very artfully made film.  Polanski deserves much praise for his work here.  As do the cast.  Johnny Depp and Emmanuelle Seigner are excellent in this flick... I cant recommend it enough.
0345347951|5.0|The vision of Arthur C. Clarke's Childhood's End is as remarkable and beautiful in the year 2001 as it was the day that it was written. I was doing some internet research on the great author when I stumbled upon some recent customer reviews on this masterpiece. It appears that many children in Illinois were recently coerced into reading this book by some Overlord of a teacher. (I'll bet that teacher looks like Satan, himself.) Most of these reviewers felt that this book was an inconvenient waste of time. After all, this time could have been spent watching Temptation Island. One reviewer wrote: &quot;Exactly the type of endings that made me a science fiction hater to begin with. Nothing happened like I expected.&quot; The conclusion of this book is quite unexpected. This is, no doubt, disconcerting to children who have been raised on the predictable outcomes of Baywatch, V.I.P., and, of course, the W.W.F. This same reviewer stated: &quot;Nothing imaginative happened, things just disappeared and the book ended&quot;. What happens at &quot;Childhood's End&quot; is something that must be believed, in order to be seen! Some twenty thousand years ago, a small change in genetic code transformed certain primates from cannibalistic beasts into beings capable of producing the Mona Lisa, Beethoven's Ninth, and the writings of William Shakespeare. Childhood's End raises the question: What if there is yet another key inside the soul and/or physical being of humankind that can transform us once again as an entire race.  Witness the sadness of the Overlord who is condemned to only sit and watch. With all of their advanced technology, with all of their seemingly vast power, The Overlords cannot take that next step. Even with their mighty ships, The Overlords require years to travel across the galaxy. What if humans will one day traverse the galaxy instantly as beings of sheer thought and pure energy. I guess the students of Illinois are not yet ready for &quot;Childhood's End&quot;.
B0000029DD|5.0|If you have never heard Jeff Buckley's music you are doing yourself a grave injustice.  The guy is an incredible musician whose debut album &quot;Grace&quot; seems to just get better with every listen.  Some people might not get into it on their first listen, but given a few plays you are sure to be a member of his cult following.  Songs like &quot;Last Goodbye&quot;, &quot;Lover..&quot; and &quot;Grace&quot; are absolutely amazing.  It's a real shame his life was cut short, for who knows what masterpieces we all missed out on.  And if &quot;Grace&quot; isn't enough pick up &quot;My Sweetheart the Drunk&quot; where some of his best work including &quot;Satisfied Mind&quot; and &quot;Everybody Here Wants You&quot; can be found.  &quot;Grace&quot; is truly one of the greatest CD's you will ever find!!!!
0380804557|5.0|The quintessential hero's journey, this tale is so compelling I finished in in less than two days. In the spirit of Piers Anthony's Xanth series, it follows Tristran Thorn's travels through the dreamlike lands of Faerie, where anything is possible, and, given time, will happen. Young Tristran is more than a lovestruck youth setting out on a quest to find a fallen star. He is, of course, that spark of youth and wonder within us all, the person we all wish we grew up to discover we had always been. Born to a mystical mother from another world and raised in our own reality, he finds himself, and his true love, during his fantastic sojourn into the unknown.<br />Most surprisingly, Tristan's story ends unlike most of Gaiman's tales: happily. Perhaps the most comforting and staying wrap-up to a novel I've read, it leaves the reader wanting more, but statisfied with the end. Leaving behind the traditional &quot;happily ever after&quot; of the faerie-tale, Gaiman manages to convince the reader of just that, without ever using the cliche itself. This is the book you want to read to your girlfriend when she wants a story to put her to bed, and to your children (with a tiny bit of imaginative editing) when they are old enough to understand it, but still young enough to be read to.<br />Gaiman's work will be around long after we are gone, and it will continue to feed the imaginations of generations to come. If you have ever had a spark of wonder, and can remember even a drop of your youth, you will love this book. It will return you to those halcyon days - and magical nights - of childhood, in which the world was a fascinating mystery, and something new lurked around every corner.
B000050HTO|5.0|Having been an admirer of Bob Dylan all my life, this collection was a must-have for me. Sure, there are several songs I could think of to add, but if one collection were to contain ALL of his really inspiring songs, it would have taken far more than two discs to hold them. Essential has a nice flow that covers the evolution of Dylan's musical style, and accentuates how shamelessly he has reinvented himself time and again over the years.I've played guitar for over twenty-five years and learned much of what I know by playing his songs, and I am constantly amazed at the man's versatility.  I often hear people say that they don't understand what he's trying to say in a song. What does it mean? That's like asking, what is blue? The meaning is often left to the individual listener.
B000003TSP|1.0|Ni punto de comparacion con Dummy, se perdio la esencia del Grupo espero que vuelvan a ser los de antes.
B000059R8Y|2.0|I hate to write this but this album really stinks.  If I could I would ask for my 13$ back.  I am a huge Clapton fan and it hurt to listen to Reptile.  It is not as bad as Pilgrim, to me that was Clapton at his worst, but its pretty close.  Riding with the King was such a good album and it hurts to listen to Clapton's follow up.  If you do not have Riding with the King buy that CD, or keep your 13$ because this album stinks.
B000002J09|5.0|Let's face it, no matter what you talk about, people's opinions will vary. Opinions are highly subjective things. No matter how many people you line up that think a particular book, movie, recording, food, person, or whatever is just wonderful, the next person that comes along is liable to not like it at all. Personally, I think Led Zeppelin IV is a terrific album, and I was well out of high school when I first heard it. In general, I have found Led Zeppelin albums to be somewhat uneven. They almost invariably include songs I love and songs I prefer to ignore. Almost. Led Zeppelin IV is the exception. There isn't a bad song in here, as far as I'm concerned. Admittedly, I don't listen to &quot;Stairway To Heaven&quot; every time I take IV out. It's a great song but, as others have remarked, it's been played to death. The others are all good too, however. &quot;When The Levee Breaks&quot; and &quot;Battle Of Evermore&quot; are personal favorites. Particularly noteworthy is Page's versatility and creativity, ranging from bluesy electric guitar to folksy mandolin.<br />Like it or not, this album is generally acknowledged as a groundbreaking piece of work and a great band's greatest recording. It has won general acclaim from both critics and the public. I recommend it highly.
6305807043|5.0|This movie is unique, blending fantasy with a subtle, bad-mannered comedic twist. A filing clerk with amazing speed (Cusack), his frizzy-haired, animal-loving wife (Diaz), and seductive, vulgar co-worker (Keener) find a portal that takes any person in the mind and body of John Malkovich. Dark, with amazing  special effects and good one-liners, BJM is a strange, unique comedy that is plainly the *best* movie of 1999. Rated R for brief violence, language, brief nudity, and some sexuality.
0393307050|3.0|The characters are well balanced, with good points and bad points.  The setting is well studied and the book even comes with a picture of a square-rigged ship with a legend to help you know which sail is which.  The problem comes when you get half-way through and find yourself lost, because there seems to be no plot.  I have tried TWICE to read it from start to finish and always just give up about half-way. It does not seem to keep my interest after the first few chapters. In most cases Mr. O'Brian is able to do a MUCH better job than Mr. Forester, in all but one skill: Keeping Me Interested.
6301773551|2.0|There are many other science fiction films and television series that are much better than this infantile offering.<br />Only for the concept of THE FORCE and for the special effects can this film even rate 2 stars.
0345347951|3.0|When my English teacher first assigned this book, I have to admit I was a bit skeptical.  Childhood's End is the first science-fiction book I have ever read, so I really had no idea of what to expect.  The beggining of the book starts off slow, but by the fourth chapter it starts to move at a rapid pace.  I found myself being drawn into the characters' lives; I became more and more involved with each page I turned. The book keeps one in suspense to find out what the Overlord's appearance is, where they come from, and what their plan is.   I found it interesting how Arthur C. Clarke was able to correctly predict DNA testing and the pill.  I especially found it interesting, how he predicts that humans will become lazy in many ways of life.  It was interesting how he has science research losing steam, and the arts losing orginality and creativity.  By the end of the book, I was ready for a good ending...unfortunately I was to be disappointed.  Although, the ending was well written, I found it depressing to think about.  I realize that it holds a deeper meaning and understand that meaning, but for myself I still wish their had been a &quot;happier&quot; ending.  All in all I thought that it was a good science-fiction starter, and although I don't plan on reading many more, it gave me an understanding of what science-fiction really is.
0792151712|4.0|Notice how I didn't say inaccurate.  I am certainly willing to concede alot to Mr. Cameron for his dramatic license.  However, having viewed 'Titanic: Death of a Dream' which I believe was done by A&amp;E I have to take issue with the fact that some very glaring deficiencies were nowhere to be found in this somewhat fanciful drama.  Although I certainly feel that the shipboard events were sufficiently dramatized if not necessarily perfectly.  I personally would have liked for the film to have emphasized to a greater extent the fact that the majority of the third class passengers couldn't read or speak english and the effect that had in the evacuation.  Or the fact that the radio men were too busy sending personal messages of wealthy passengers even after they had initially been advised of the situation.  The list goes on and on.<br />And despite my better judgement and initial expectations I have returned to the film over and over again with great enjoyment.  And on the positive side I learned something that other films be they documentaries or dramas never really emphasized, the fact that the majority of passengers who were left in the water froze to death.  Even though that's perfectly logical I just had never thought about that.<br />Nonetheless the film is epic and Mr. Cameron has created a marvelous film.  Grandiose in its spectacle and true to the spirit of the overall event.<br />And I just have to mention that Celine Dion's My Heart Goes On is for the first time in many years, in my opinion, a song and a performance truly worthy of the academy award.  Powerful and heartfelt.<br />All criticism aside it is a film truly worthy of the Best Picture designation.
B000056K04|3.0|up until now, my chief complaint about dave was that the songs sometimes wandered along aimlessly, too much ambient noodling, etc. until now. the more i listen to 'everyday', the more i want to listen to the other albums(listening to 'lie in our graves' right now). i'm not really sure why people think that this album is more song-oriented. i've always thought that the songwriting was totally key in dave's appeal, right up there with their unorthodox chord progressions and zeus-class chops. i think that this album is less a means towards an end of songwriting so much as it is towards mass appeal. and that's ok. i hope everyone realizes that this album is not going to go away. it's going to be HUGE. everyone and their sister's family are going to know these songs. if DMB thought they were megastars before, they ain't seen nothing yet.  my only specific complaint on this album is that the songs are too short and too 'normal'. i'm terrible at the guitar, and these are the first songs of dave's that i can actually play. that means he's doing something wrong. i'm not sure how producer glen ballard convinced the entire band to play like a bunch of bland studio veterans, but he did a great job. even the always-irrepressible carter 'god' beauford is watered down beyond recognition. anyone could have backed dave on this album.  i'm going to get strong-minded here for a second. albums like this are becoming increasingly more common - bands running to the middle. it's becoming like politics: to get your core audience at the beginning of your career, you have to have specific ideas and opinions, but when you run for president, you have to move your beliefs towards the mainstream, in order to attract as much of the ignorant, fickle masses as possible.  i don't personally care for this album, but i don't think dave has sold out - i think he genuinely loves this album and it's not about money at all - but i think ballard smoothes out their kinks way too well. and in a band where the kinks are what define the band, it's hard to say that this is a good move.
6301966988|2.0|I remember when the trailers first came out I was so excited that what appeared to be a beautiful romance was soon on it's way.<br />To give Whoopi Goldberg a best supporting actress award for this trite and juvenile performance in lieu of her absolutely monumental portrayal of Celie in The Color Purple is to me just a reflection of the stupidity and superficiality of the viewing public and the academy in general.<br />The film was incredibly predictable and not particulary romantic.  If you want to view a quality fanciful romance I suggest that you check out Somewhere in Time with Jane Seymour and Christopher Reeve.
B000002KCF|5.0|&quot;The Art of Tea&quot; is a real turn-the-lights-down-low classic. Intelligent and playful...this is one of the all time best.
0780628551|4.0|although the film does drag in a few spots.  I think that part of what makes this film work is the fact that you never are completely sure about what type of event occurred in outer space.  The connection to other worlds is implied but never really solidified.  It was nice to not have been spoon fed all of the details.  More films should take this approach as the unseen and imagined is always more frightening than the obvious.<br />I applaud the filmakers because I felt like i've never seen a film like this before.  In my mind it is truely original if not completely satisfying.  But an enjoyable movie experience in any case.  <br />As a viewer the fact that I was still interested in seeing what happens with just minutes remaining in the film is a testament to the quality of the effort.  But one certainly must keep an open mind to appreciate the unorthodox nature of the film.<br />I wouldn't rate it as a purchase but it's certainly a must see film.
6305807043|4.0|I loved this dark comedy about the thrilling experience of being John Malkovich. You don't want to know anything about what happens, just see it. The entire movie is surreal. It is never predictable, sometimes very dark and pessimistic, and oh so delicious to watch. What it all means is up to you. Enjoy!
B00004Z311|5.0|Magic is exactly what this movie wants you to believe in.  I have been watching this movie since I was a kid, and was rather surprised that not very many people had heard of this film (Bring it back to the theatre), but I love sharing it with anyone who's willing to watch it.  I really believe that this movies costumes, music and effects we ahead of it's time.  Everything runs so smoothly, and you can't help but want to look at everything in slow motion just so you can really grasp Mr. Scott's use of balance of good vs. evil.  Tim Curry as the Devil is breathtaking and chilling, right down to the hooves.  Although Cruise isn't at his best, everyone else makes up for it, especially Gump!  If you want a good flick to watch that everyone will enjoy, you can't go wrong with this one. I'm also glad to know that there are others out there who are aware of this wonderful film!
B00004Y6TQ|3.0|Why?  I purchased this CD at an HMV store for much higher price plus a significant discount and the total was still  more expensive than Amazon!  Plus, I think the CD tracks, which are slightly different from the film tracks, don't pack the same type of power and intensity.  However, I still enjoy the album and the film was BRILLIANT!  There just wasn't enough Bjork to go around.  Plus, the next to last track on the film (if you saw it you'll know what I mean) isn't on the track; I felt that was a pivotal song in the film.  Perhaps my expecations were too high.  With artists like Bjork, I can't just listen to them, I have to experience them.  If you buy the CD, buy it on Amazon and save money! Personally, I'm going to wait for the film to come out on video.
0679879269|5.0|The Amber Spyglass is a spectacular finish to the trilogy.  Best of all is the trip to the underworld -- which rivals Virgil's Aeneid in its power, beauty, and intensity, from the first decision that Lyra has to make until the very end.  To complain as some have that Iorek, Lord Asriel, and Mrs. Coulter are somehow scanted in this book is to miss the extraordinary introductions of the angels and of the Gallivespians by way of compensation, but even more extraordinary the renunciations required of Will and Lyra by the fact of the universe.  What is most admirable about Pullman as a writer and thinker is the way he can keep faith with the hopes and aspirations of youth -- &quot;childhood is the Messiah that beckons us back to a lost Paradise&quot; said Emerson in a Miltonic moment -- while recognizing the necessity of confronting truth.  This is a fitting heir to the tradition of Milton, Blake, and Shelley.  I would rank it (as an adult reader and thinking of adult readers as among its audience) as one of the three or four best works of literature of the last decade, up there with Pynchon's Mason and Dixon.  It will thrill you; it will make you think; it may make you weep.
B000055WIQ|2.0|I've heard it thousands of times, The Exorcist is the scariest movie of all time.  I can tell you right now that I watched it until 2 o' clock in the morning last night and I could sleep as soon as it was over, even during it at some parts.  I saw the new version of it, which I believe had some deleted parts even though it has a few new parts.  The spider walk down the stairs followed by blood coming out of her mouth was ok, but not that great.  The scariest part was the devil face flashing on the screen when she was becoming possessed, but other than that, I did not think this flick was scary.  You guys need to rent a real horror flick, such as the original Evil Dead, now there is a sweet movie.
B000059R8Y|5.0|Clapton's genius has always been knowing his limitations.  He knows what he's good at, and knows where he needs support in the area of instrumentation, material, and vocals.  He can also spot a good, forgotten song (Wonder's &quot;Ain't Gonna Stand For It&quot;) and give it new life.  On &quot;Reptile,&quot; Clapton is smart enough to surround himself with the best players on earth, and resurrecting underappreciated talents like Billy Preston and the Impressions.  Preston's keyboards and the Impressions' harmonizing give EC's music a richness unlike anything else on the radio.  Although &quot;Superman&quot; is the first single, radio stations wise enough to play &quot;Ain't Gonna Stand For It&quot; will have listeners physically unable to switch away.  It will stay in your head for days.  Give the man his due;  for 35 years, he's never had a dry spell.  And &quot;Reptile&quot; is easily strong enough to keep his streak alive!
B00004Z459|5.0|I've listened to 'Rage' music before and been moderately entertained.  This is the first one that I feel falls into the category but is truly good.  Unlike most albums I buy, I liked this one the very first time I listened to it.  A few times more and I'm still fully ready to listen again.  One drawback, you pretty much HAVE to listen to it really loud and that may be detrimental to your eardrums after repeated playbacks.
0679437223|5.0|Who is more dangerous to your sense of self-preservation, the enemy soldier who wants to kill you, or the superior officer who orders you into hostile fire?  Joseph Heller took everything that is wrong and insane about war and bureaucracy and turned it loose onto the pages of CATCH-22.<br />Time does not progress in a linear fashion is this book.  Characters that are furious when the minimum number of bomb-missions to be flown is raised to sixty are later appalled when it is raised to thirty.  The pilots and crew are trapped in an endless circle of logic, time and red tape.  Yossarian's attempts to preserve his life end with him exactly in the same place that he was before.  Everything is structured so that escape is completely impossible.  All the regulations and requirements keep looping around back upon themselves leaving Yoassarian with no options left.  <br />The strange and bizarre characters that Heller created are really what give the book its teeth.  Virtually every character has constructed a routine for himself (since this is set in the male-dominated military camps of WWII, just about all of the major characters are men) that distances him from the actual war effort.  The leaders bury themselves into the deep sands of regulation and order, and grapple with tough problems like paperwork, the military hierarchy and organizing parades.  The soldiers spend their time drinking, having sex with Italian prostitutes, getting into bar-fights or trying to get rich.  What is interesting is that almost none of the characters even mention the opposing side in the war.  CATCH-22's war is not about bravery or heroics, it is about selfishness and greed and insanity.<br />I disagree with those reviewers who have said that the order of the book appears random, as if Heller had written the book in a straightforward fashion and then merely shuffled the chapters around.  With the book written in this way, we see the development of certain characters within their own bubble of time, freed from the distractions that other characters and their unrelated subplots would bring.  It allows Heller to bring specific themes to the foreground when they are needed or let them sit in the background when they are not.<br />This is a really excellent book and I highly recommend it.  I rate it at five stars because I honestly cannot find any fault with it.  The book moves effortlessly from hilarity to tragedy while pausing only briefly to look at how the individual deals with the horror of war.  Everything in this book is absolutely and hilariously absurd.  One of Yossarian's friends, Milo, owns so many supplies and controls so much of the market that he is able to buy eggs at seven cents each, sell them at five cents and still run a handsome profit.  A computer with a sense of humour decides to promote a man to major based purely on the fact that his last name (and his middle and first names) are the same word as the position.<br />This is a must read for everyone.  The illogic will delight you, the humour will tickle you, and the reality of it all will scare the hell out of you.<br />Note: The Everyman's Library edition contains a new introduction by Malcolm Bradbury, a timeline for notable events in the period during which the book is set and the preface that Heller himself wrote for the 1994 re-issue.  If you are planning on buying this book, I recommend getting the Everyman's Library edition, as the added features are quite worth it.  Plus, it comes with one of those built-in cloth bookmarks that are so handy.
B000056K04|5.0|Since I'm going to see DMB live at SF's Pac Bell Park in May, I figured I'd get familiar with the songs they'll most likely be playing from the new CD. And as I put it on, and listened to the second and third CD track I thought, &quot;This is OK, but it doesn't sound like the &quot;Dave I've come to know and love&quot; since &quot;the days of Under the Table and Dreaming.&quot;<br />However, once I heard Dreams of Our Fathers (track #4) and  the rest of the CD, I smiled and realized the &quot;old Dave&quot; was very much still there and in his native element. The familiar passion of his lyrics is evident throughout (and he does sound good on electric guitar!). And backed by Carter's drumming, LeRoi's sax blowin, and Boyd's fiddle sounding, the band sounds top notch as always! To me, DMB songs &quot;speak&quot; to my heart and as I listened to these songs, I found myself getting more and more into the music and forgetting everything else, which of course is definitely a good sign. One departure from past DMB work is &quot;Everyday&quot; doesn't have any long &quot;jam&quot; songs, like a &quot;Jimi Thing, Warehouse,&quot; or even &quot;Crash,&quot; but that really doesn't matter. The songs are all good and done live could I'm sure turn into the nice longgg songs we're all used to.<br />Dave and his band mates have another winner here. I'm looking forward to seeing these songs done live.
B00001NFCY|5.0|I am 43 years old and have not heard anything this good or moving in a very long time. Most music that I here today you can't under stand the words or it is so loud that you can't here the words. The song (With arms wide open) is one of the best ever and I think every man that is about to have their first child should lisen to it.All of the songs on this CD have got some good and powerfull thoughts behind them.Take the time to lisen to them. This band has got my attention. Keep in mind that I was raised on The Beatles, Led Zepplin,Aero Smith and The Doors.
B000059MEK|2.0|If you liked Daft Punk's classic album &quot;Homework&quot;, you'll probably hate this. I loved &quot;Homework&quot; when it came out, but when I first heard some of the tracks from this new album I could barely beleive what I was hearing. Many of the tracks on &quot;Discovery&quot; sound like an embarrassing parody of their old stuff. I bought the album anyway after reading the reviews, and on the first play I enjoyed it, but then I played it again and realised that there is very little origninal material on this new album. On top of that, many of these track just won't get played in a club because of the embarrassing 80-style production, obnoxious and cheesy vocals, and breakdowns left, right and centre. There are about three good tracks here, the rest contain some great daft punk sampling techniques but they need to be completely remixed. The raw, underground sound of &quot;Homework&quot; is gone aswell. Disappointment of the year!!
B00004TRD8|5.0|&quot;Terminator 2: Judgement Day&quot; is one of the great entertainments. First released in 1991, it still feels as fresh and new today as it did back then. Director James Cameron (Titanic) presents a stylish, spectacular yet intelligent action piece that also has some of the best special effects ever conceived for a motion picture. The screenplay is intricate, the characters entertaining and interesting, and there is a lot of style in the photography and camera work. The performances are also superb, especially Linda Hamilton's. The film's technical credits are so immpecable that even today I've seen few films that match it.  The action sequences are fantastic and incredible. The T-1000 is still probably the best film villain of the last decade. This is a pulse-pounding, bone-crunching, sometimes visceral action picture that raises the bar for filmmakers of the action, special-effects genre. I think only Michael Bay has recently produced anything that can compete with James Cameron's second best film after his masterpiece, &quot;Titanic.&quot; &quot;Terminator 2&quot; is a great entertainer.
B00005B3Z6|4.0|Picked this DVD off a Canadian website about a year ago. The American version is definitely more sexual although the Brits are adult enough to show frontal male nudity (yep, even on &quot;regular&quot; TV). Stuart (Brian) is more likeable, less of predator. Vince (Michael) is not quite as starry-eyed over Stuart as Michael is over Brian. And Nathan is adorable without the little boy cuteness of Justin. Typical British TV show in that it hits and runs but worth viewing to see where the US QAF comes from. All in all the American QAF is much more entertaining. Faster paced, campier, more extensive story. Plus the Brits just don't have it in the looks department :-((<br />A word of caution . . . the Manchester accent is quite thick and there's a lot of British slang, so if you're not familiar with either or both, you might have a bit of trouble catching the meaning without a translator by your side.    But that's just my opinion. I could be wrong.
B00003CXMG|5.0|'Almost Famous' is as much about music as it is about growing up. It's about embracing what you love and finding the willingness to let go, to move on, to fit in. Cameron Crowe's first film since his smash hit 'Jerry Maguire', 'Almost Famous' is the story of young William Miller (newcomer Patrick Fugit), a music fan, who lies his way into his dream job: touring with a rock n roll band while composing an article about them for Rolling Stone Magazine. The band he tours with is named Stillwater, four guys on the verge of stardom. Along the way, William meets a group of 'band-aids' (aka. groupies), one of which, a ravishing young girl  named Penny Lane (played wit great charm by Kate Hudson) with whom he eventually grows to love. All the while, his mother (Oscar winner Frances McDormand) sits at home, her over-protective instincts running wild. What transpires through the film is beautiful coming-of-age tale with humor and wit to burn. I'm a bit hesitant to reveal many plot details about the film. It's something you're better off not knowing much about. Experiencing the maturing of William and the painful realizations of fame that the band goes through during the tour is half the fun of the movie. You will get to know each character through-out the film. They will become your friends, your heroes, and you will cheer them on and weep for them. Such is the brilliant simplicity of Cameron Crowe who, as both writer and director, has fictionalized a portion of his own life to share with us. And I for one am grateful. It's rare that a movie has the power to effects it's audience in a way this film does. Much like William, we are newcomers to the world he experiences. William's slow realization that these guys in Stillwater might be larger then life when they are on stage, but when they are not, they are just as vulnerable as we are and just as human, is pure magic. The members of the band include Billy Crudup as the charismatic guitarist whose good looks cast him in the limelight, Jason Lee as the lead singer whose desire for attention creates tension through-out the group, and real-life musicians Mark Kozelek and John Fedevich. Their music was written by Crowe's wife Nancy Wilson of the group 'Heart' and was actually performed by the actors themselves. And they are quite good, both musically and performance wise. Lee continues to show his versatility and Crudup delivers his second great performance of 2000, the other in the wonderfully skewed 'Jesus's Son'. The rest of the cast sparkles as well with McDormand and Fugit convincingly playing mother and son, one desperate to stay close while the other begs for a little room to grow. But the film belongs to Kate Hudson, whose grace and tenderness leap from the screen, and to Philip Seymour Hoffman as the wise and cynical rock critic Lester Bangs, stealing every scene his is in. And to Cameron Crowe, who continues to turn everything he touches into pure gold. This is the best film of 2000 and one you cannot afford to miss.
B00000IO4J|1.0|My first gripe with this movie is the number of scenes that were cut out of the movie. Quincy Jones's daughter had all her footage removed and Usher got screwed as well. They just used him to get his fans to watch the movie and we were disappointed. He didn't do much of anything. All I want is a director's cut with all the deleted footage that was featured in the ads for the movie. Usher didn't get taken over until much later in the movie.
6305558167|3.0|Many of the reviewers here are positively breathless in their praise for this film.  Get real!  While it's not a total dud, it ain't a great piece of cinema, either.  Start with the positives - lush scenery, excellent set design, cool costumes.  Um, that's about it.  On to the negatives - dreadful dialogue, badly over-the-top acting (does Helen Mirren actually growl in one scene?  Please...), questionable acting, sub-par special effects (even for 1981, they're pretty bad), and everything spoken IN EXCLAMATION POINTS!!!!  Hey, you can make a movie about King Arthur without having to SHOUT EVERY LINE!!!!!!!  I guess John Boorman didn't learn subtlety in film school (or how to write cliche-free dialogue, either).<br />Take the money you were planning to spend on this and buy Braveheart instead.  Much, much, much better movie in a similar vein.
B000002OX7|5.0|This is definitely the most-accomplished masterpiece rock music has produced.  It is THE high point of the genre.  Who's Next pays off on all the promises rock music has made to it's fans over the years.  It has catchy tunes galore, absolutely great singing, astonishing lyrics, humor, and tremendous energy.  Plus, it rocks like hell.
0790743221|5.0|Black and white was never this colorful. The Philadelphia story may have taken place over fifty years ago, but it still reeks of society, pride, and genuine fun in George Cukor's riotous comedy of Philadelphia's Lord clan and its hilarious mishaps at their daughter's wedding.<br />Dapper C.K. Dexter-Haven (Cary Grant) is divorced from high and mighty Tracy &quot;Red&quot; Lord (Katharine Hepburn at her smirking, flat-out best). Now Tracy's getting married again... and Dexter has ammunition: He hires a reporter and photographer from an unconventional magazine to do a story on Tracy's wedding, or the editor will print an unflattering article about her father. Tracy gamely agrees, throwing the two &quot;spies&quot; for a loop. But when reporter Macaulay Connor (James Stewart's Oscar-winning performance) throws Tracy for a loop, it's anybody's race to the altar.<br />&quot;The Philadelphia Story&quot; has everything: four star star power, snap-tongued dialogue, over-the-top society humor, and... class? &quot;Class my eye.&quot; says Grant, but it may even be fair to say that &quot;Story&quot; has that, too.
0920236162|5.0|As the other reviews have said, this is a very funny and well-written picture book with a great message; however, I would add the caveat that in some situations the anti-fairy-tale ending may be a little too sophisticated for very young children. I read &quot;The Paper Bag Princess&quot; to a group of 3- and 4-year-olds at a day camp, and when I had finished there was a shocked silence, broken by one little girl's whisper, &quot;That was a BAD story!&quot; I would have liked to read it again and talk about it with them, but they all immediately dispersed for the next activity. I should have chosen a different book for these kids, but as a parent (who ends up reading the same books to my daughter over and over again anyway!), I heartily recommend &quot;The Paper Bag Princess.&quot;
B0000584V3|5.0|I've found listening to OPETH a near-religious experience.  When I search my vast collection of thoughts regarding Metal music and my involvement in the scene as both a participant, fan, and now critic, I'm humbled by the fact that OPETH alone have been one of the very few; and I mean very few bands, who have ever been able to stir this level of emotion in me.  Now that was a very long sentence and if challenged to do so I could easily ramble on endlessly about OPETH and their immense creativity and uncanny ability to write and perform music that transcends all recognizable barriers.  Its one thing to mesh opposing styles but OPETH have gone beyond the call and created something no other band can lay claim to.  In this whirling vortex of a scene with a myriad of Metal styles, that's an accomplishment few can claim. <br />Blackwater Park.  Why is it that this title fits so well?  Leave it to the mysterious nature of this Swedish prodigy and be content with the outcome, which as you may have guessed by now given my long-winded introduction to this album, is stunning.  What is most interesting about this release is that, as incredible as it is, it was not an instant classic upon first listen.  Then again, every previous effort by OPETH has had the same slow, gravitational effect on me.  One listen demands another, then another until at some point you realize that it's yet another classic piece of moody, dramatic, ethereal, dreamy and probing Metal craftiness. <br />No long time fan of the band are likely to feel cheated by the fact that OPETH have really not brought anything new to the table on this album.  You've come to expect the very best from the band and that's exactly what you get with Blackwater Park.  However, some may have anticipated some new ingredient to be introduced.  Not so in the big picture here.  What OPETH have done is simply picked up where Still Life ended, thrown in some earlier elements from My Arms, Your Hearse and journeyed further into the nether of dark, emotionally charged musical nirvana.  The eight tracks on this album represent over an hour of brilliant, heartfelt intricacy layered through and through with haunting acoustical backdrops, fanged guitar bites and bolstered by alternating vocal styles now commonly associated with the band's style.  The flow and tempo of the album is remarkably consistent and fine-tuned which shouldn't be a surprise to anyone who has followed the band through their career.  Vocalist Michael Akerfeldt is at his pinnacle on this album and all supporting members again brandish their finest musical traits.  The vocal passion in this album is deeply interwoven amidst the sinister attack of Akerfeldt's darker side.  The Jeckyl and Hyde personality is strong and always absorbing. <br />There are times when Blackwater Park may come across as a more simplistic rendition of Still Life but listen again because so deep is this tireless work of art that several spins of the disc are required for one to grasp the full brunt.  The album is all about synchronicity and character and surely the emotive balance is striking with waves of sorrow, love, hate and madness all rolling in like successive waves at high tide. <br />OPETH seemingly have settled into a niche they are comfortable with and all the more power to them because whatever this is, its working and working like clockwork.  Blackwater Park is as beautiful as it is dark and unsettling.  A masterpiece?  Yes.
B000053NYB|5.0|First off, let me start by saying that I own and have read all 3 books about Rubin &quot;Hurricane&quot; Carter - his autobiography, the &quot;The 16th Round&quot;, &quot;Lazarus and the Hurricane&quot;, by the Canadians living in Toronto, and &quot;Hurricane: the miraculous story of Rubin Carter&quot;, by James Hirsch.<br />I have two points to make here, and they involve the disgusting, absurd claims by various media individuals about the film's factual authenticity.  I cannot recall ANY film EVER being held to the type of scrutiny by the media as this one, almost as if the &quot;Hollywood Establishment&quot; (i.e. racist white Oscar voters) tried to put an albatross on this film so as to slow down any momentum it might have had for Denzel.<br />It was laughable watching the media declare how the film's details may not have been absolutely accurate.  Was Saving Private Ryan ABSOLUTELY factual?  No - no film is.  My point is that the liberties taken here were no worse or different than the average biographical sketch, and this film was not a documentary.<br />The NJ police/judicial system was racist (and may still be with the racial profiling issue in the news there lately), and the &quot;best&quot; evidence against Carter was highly questionable at most.  (For example, the eyewitness description was of 2 tall black men, over 6 feet, and Rubin is 5' 7&quot;.  Even better, the main testimony against Carter was from a convicted felon who recanted 3 times.)  If the worst mistake of the filmmakers was to create a composite of this system using the Detective in the film, any reasonable person who has READ THE BACKGROUND of Carter's story would find it acceptable.<br />As far as the NY Times reported not getting his due in the credits, he wasn't involved in getting Carter released from jail, or in Carter's larger story, as it was not through him that Lesra (or the Canadians) learned about Carter's plight in prison.  If you read the books, you will understand how little of substance was changed, which had no relevance to the story. <br />Second, that Denzel was unfairly bypassed for the Oscar has only cemented my opinion how truly racist and illigitemate the Oscars really are.  In 1990, after Morgan Freeman was also robbed for his portrayal in &quot;Driving Ms Daisy,&quot; I decided I would no longer watch them.  Once again with Denzel, history repeats itself.  I am not knocking K. Spacey, who is as fine an actor as one might find, but Denzel's role was far more demanding, and his performance was simply better.<br />The movie was very well made, and the absurd media frenzy at the time was really pathetic.  It didn't even exist until the NY Times reporter, (who stopped working for the Times right about when this whole episode began), opened his mouth requesting he receive some recognition now that Carter is a free man.  (I will not use his real name so I will not provide him any undo recognition either).  It took away from the film receiving its just due: a superbly acted and crafted drama.  I recommend it to all those seeking intelligent films that make you think about the type of world we live in.
B0000029AP|5.0|&quot;Rocks&quot; and &quot;Pump&quot; are their best records, but &quot;Toys&quot; is an essencial Rock nRoll album.   Here you find some of the greatest Rock moments in History - period-!
B000056K04|4.0|DMB has done it again with some great, fresh material.  Best since Under the Table.
0780020685|5.0|If you want an action movie with characters you can believe in, even find yourself rooting for and becoming attached to, this is for you. If you want a movie where you get to see characters develop based on situations, influence, and new experiences, this is for you. If all you want is a riveting movie where the characters embody their beliefs with passion, this is for you. If not, put &quot;roger rabbit&quot; in the search window.<br />This is one of the greatest movies ever!
B000050HTO|5.0|Given the incredible output of Bob Dylan spanning almost forty years now, there is no point quibbling about whether particular songs should or should not have been included in a 40 song compilation, it is an impossible and totally subjective task to pick his &quot;best&quot; 40 songs.  The point is that this set provides a rich, diverse, thoughtful selection of some of Dylan's greatest work, so if you are looking for either an introduction to his music, or just a &quot;greatest hits&quot; type CD to listen to at one sitting, this set does the job admirably. By the way, in my opinion Blood on the Tracks, Highway 61 Revisited and Bringing it all Back Home are mandatory acquisitions even for the casual Dylan listener.
B000002C2E|5.0|everyone knows about the genius of Bob Dylan's work in the 60's, but I personally think that 1997's Time Out of Mind is just as good.  My personal favorites on this CD are &quot;Standing In the Doorway&quot;, &quot;Trying To Get TO Heaven&quot;, and &quot;Not Dark Yet&quot;.  Although these songs may be depressing, they are very sincere and heartfelt.  The rest of the songs on the CD are wonderful too.
0792841344|5.0|If there was a reason that DVD's should be made. The special edition of Phantasm has almost every one of them. With two menus of extras, interviews, deleted scenes, and commentary by the director and the stars(all totalng at least 1 1/2 hours of extras).  This version of Phantasm should be purchased by anyone who enjoys the film.  As for the movie, Phantasm is one wicked ride.  It is quite possibly one of the most stylish and symbolic films ever made.  Is it any good?  It depends on your tastes.  The movie does have its weaknesses: it is totally nonsensical, dumb and with marginal performances.  On the plus side, we've already mentioned the style part, the special effects(for the most part) are still good, and it does have tons of atmosphere(this one almost puts you in the mortuary halls).  Some people get the uncomfortable feeling that it feels like death, it does.  So I would only recomended for die hard genere fans.
B00003CXP1|5.0|Words can barely describe my reaction to this amazing piece of cinema. Never have I been so moved by a film in my entire life. I walked out of the theatre both times I saw it crying so fiercely I began to scare myself. This beautiful story of love and addiction lit a fire within me and not a day goes by when I don't think of this movie or it's passionate, haunting score. Kudos to Mr. Aronofsky, Mrs. Burstyn and Mr. Mansell for affecting me in such a way. I could only hope to be able to thank them one day and show my appreciation. If you are hungry for a movie that will touch, and maybe even inspire you, go see this film or buy the DVD when it is released. And we can only hope that Mrs. Burstyn takes home the Oscar for a performance that will (and should) be talked about for years to come.
B00000ADG2|5.0|I'm not referring to those who were disappointed with this CD, everyone certainly has a right to their music opinions, but to those who are calling Ms. Hill a racist. Had she really made those comments, she a) would not have white people collaborating with her on her music and b)would have received attacks and controversy beyond belief. Look at Eminem. He attacked gays and faced retaliations for those remarks, which most believe cost him Album of the Year. Lauryn Hill went on to win Album of the Year and 4 others, beating out Carole King for the woman who has received more grammys in one night than any other.<br />It's amazing how ignorant some people are.<br />Concerning the album, however, it is definitely the music event of the decade, with the possible exception of Nirvana's Nevermind. The was the first rap album I ever bought, and it made a fan out of me. Had I not first listened to this more mainstream hip-hop effort, I would have never liked 'Stankonia'(now my favorite rap album). The popular stand outs were Doo Wop(That Thing), Everything is Everything, and Ex-Factor, but my personal favorites are 'Sweetest Thing'(a hidden track), 'Final Hour', and 'To Zion'.<br />Ms. Hill rarely compromises her musical talents and never her morals('Hip-hop meets scripture', as she puts it in one track), providing for what is sure to be one of the best albums you'll ever own.
B000050XEI|5.0|I first heard &quot;Only Time&quot; when it was used to close two of the Third Watch T.V. series. I couldn't get it out of my mind and found myself humming it as I drove, worked, or just daydreamed. I had listened to the words closely enough that I was able to find it on Amazon and have played it over and over since receiving it. I was not familiar with Enya, but now I plan to own every c.d. she produces!
B0000089GM|5.0|TOU FOOLISH STUPID PEOPLE! DON'T BUY THIS ALBUM JUST FOR DU HAST, JA IT'S A GUT SONG AND ALL BUT THERE ARE OTHERS THAT ARE BETTER LIKE KLAVIER OR BESTRAFE MICH AND GET THE FREAKING TRANSLATION ON DU HAST! IT'S NOT YOU HATE!!! IT'S YOU HAVE THE DIRECT TRANSLATION IS(NOT THE ENGLISH VERSION THEY CHANGED IT TO SOUND GOOD IN ENGLISH)<br />YOU<br />YOU HAVE<br />YOU HAVE ME<br />YOU HAVE ASKED ME<br />YOU HATE ASKED ME DOESN'T MAKE ANY SENSE! TRUE, HASST IS A SLANG TERM FOR HATE, AND THE WAY TILL SAYS IT COULD BE HATE, BUT THE OFFICIAL LYRICS SAY DU HAST WHICH MEANS YOU HAVE SO GET IT RIGHT!!!
B00003CXSP|4.0|I know by making that statement many people will automatically disagree with me. But, I can't help it, it's what I honestly feel. &quot;Silence Of The Lambs&quot; was indeed a good movie. One though, I must admit, I felt was given a little too much credit then it deserved. For instance, if I were to write a review for it, I would probably give the movie 3 stars. But, the trouble I had with &quot;Lambs&quot; was that it didn't completely carry me. I wasn't totally involved. &quot;Hannibal&quot; on the other hand I find to be a very gripping, intense, and entertaining movie. The only reason one might dislike this film is because it's a sequel. I too personally dislike many sequels, expect for the ones we all love, &quot;The Godfather part 2&quot;, &quot;Empire Strikes Back&quot;....ect. But there's something about this film that just had that certain something where I couldn't take my eyes off it. Ridley Scott, who is just coming off his &quot;Gladiator&quot; success, has made yet another wonderful film. I think everyone knows what this movie is about. Either they saw it already in theathers, or where told by friends. So, I won't go into detail about this film. I will only mention the strong points of the film. Lets start out with the acting. Anthony Hopkins is wonderful once again as Hannibal Lecter. There is a change in the character now. That change is for the better I feel. Lecter seems, and excuse me for the use of this word, more cool. He has more of a suave input on things now. And I personally like him this way. As for Julianne Moore, well. she's just great! We don't miss Foster at all in this movie. Moore delivers an excellent performance. I only wish her and Hopkins had more scenes together. But the ones they do have, hit the jackpot. They both seemed to play off each other very well in this movie. I was really surpised to see Giancarlo Giannini (Whom I personally rememeber seeing in Visconti's &quot;The Innocent&quot;). He doesn't really have what I would dare call a strong character in the film. I mean, no one I know is going to see this movie for him. The one person who is amazing in this movie goes unbilled. He plays Mason Verger (I'm still debating if I should reveal in or not, oh, why not, everyone's seen the movie already) Gary Oldman is a real highpoint in this film. I couldn't even recongize him in this film. The next thing to talk about is the screenplay. I love David Mamet's writting style. I hope there are others out there who enjoy his work as much as I do. Ridley Scott, in my opinion does a wonderful job setting up things. He's a director whom I'm really taken notice to lately. Well, there you have it. Those are my reason to go see this movie. And, I know it's kinda early on in the year to say this, but, this movie could be one of the best films of the year!are call a strong character in the film. I mean, no one I know is going to see this movie for him. The one person who is amazing in this movie goes unbilled. He plays Mason Verger (I'm still debating if I should reveal in or not, oh, why not, everyone's seen the movie already) Gary Oldman is a real highpoint in this film. I couldn't even recongize him in this film. The next thing to talk about is the screenplay. I love David Mamet's writting style. I hope there are others out there who enjoy his work as much as I do. Ridley Scott, in my opinion does a wonderful job setting up things. He's a director whom I'm really taken notice to lately. Well, there you have it. Those are my reason to go see this movie. And, I know it's kinda early on in the year to say this, but, this movie could be one of the best films of the year!
B00000K19E|5.0|In the visually tantalizing movie, &quot;The Matrix&quot;, a breed of AI computers takes over the world. It harvests human embryos in laboratories called &quot;fields&quot;. It then feeds them through grim looking tubes and keeps them immersed in gelatinous liquid in cocoons. This new &quot;machine species&quot; derives its energy needs from the electricity produced by the billions of human bodies thus preserved. A sophisticated, all-pervasive, computer program called &quot;The Matrix&quot; generates a &quot;world&quot; inhabited by the consciousness of the unfortunate human batteries. Ensconced in their shells, they see themselves walking, talking, working and making love. This is a tangible and olfactory phantasm masterfully created by the Matrix. Its computing power is mind boggling. It generates the minutest details and reams of data in a spectacularly successful effort to maintain the illusion.<br />A group of human miscreants succeeds to learn the secret of the Matrix. They form an underground and live aboard a ship, loosely communicating with a halcyon city called &quot;Zion&quot;, the last bastion of resistance. In one of the scenes, Cypher, one of the rebels defects. Over a glass of (illusory) rubicund wine and (spectral) juicy steak, he poses the main dilemma of the movie. Is it better to live happily in a perfectly detailed delusion - or to survive unhappily but free of its hold?<br />The Matrix controls the minds of all the humans in the world. It is a bridge between them, they inter-connected through it. It makes them share the same sights, smells and textures. They remember. They compete. They make decisions. The Matrix is sufficiently complex to allow for this apparent lack of determinism and ubiquity of free will. The root question is: is there any difference between making decisions and feeling certain of making them (not having made them)? If one is unaware of the existence of the Matrix, the answer is no. From the inside, as a part of the Matrix, making decisions and appearing to be making them are identical states. Only an outside observer - one who in possession of full information regarding both the Matrix and the humans - can tell the difference.<br />Moreover, if the Matrix were a computer program of infinite complexity, no observer (finite or infinite) would have been able to say with any certainty whose a decision was - the Matrix's or the human's. And because the Matrix, for all intents and purposes, is infinite compared to the mind of any single, tube-nourished, individual - it is safe to say that the states of &quot;making a decision&quot; and &quot;appearing to be making a decision&quot; are subjectively indistinguishable. No individual within the Matrix would be able to tell the difference. His or her life would seem to him or her as real as ours are to us. The Matrix may be deterministic - but this determinism is inaccessible to individual minds because of the complexity involved. When faced with a trillion deterministic paths, one would be justified to feel that he exercised free, unconstrained will in choosing one of them. Free will and determinism are indistinguishable at a certain level of complexity.<br />Yet, we KNOW that the Matrix is different to our world. It is NOT the same. This is an intuitive kind of knowledge, for sure, but this does not detract from its firmness. If there is no subjective difference between the Matrix and our Universe, there must be an objective one. Another key sentence is uttered by Morpheus, the leader of the rebels. He says to &quot;The Chosen One&quot; (the Messiah) that it is really the year 2199, though the Matrix gives the impression that it is 1999.<br />This is where the Matrix and reality diverge. Though a human who would experience both would find them indistinguishable - objectively they are different. In one of them (the Matrix), people have no objective TIME (though the Matrix might have it). The other (reality) is governed by it.<br />Sam Vaknin, author of &quot;Malignant Self Love - Narcissism Revisited&quot;.nin, author of &quot;Malignant Self Love - Narcissism Revisited&quot;.
B00003CX7L|5.0|Buzz Lightyear and Woody are back, along with a bunch of delightful new characters.  One of which is Jessie the cowgirl, voiced by newcomer Joan Cusak.  Disney and Pixar have done it again with their amazing graphics and stunning animation.  The comedy and fun contained in this memorable film will bring excitement for the whole family.  Say yeehah to all the returning characters as well as the new ones.<br /> Opening with Rex trying to defeat Zurg on a video game, Woody is desperately trying to find his hat so he can go to Cowboy Camp with Andy.  His hat is found but when Andy comes to get Woody, his arm rips and he is &quot;shelved&quot;.  While on the shelf, Woody sees Wheezy, a toy penguin who has long lost his squeaker.  The two of them then notice a yard sale outside and Wheezy is put into a $.25 box.  After Woody rescues Wheezy, he is stolen by Al, an obsessed toy collecter who is the head of the famous Al's Toybarn.  Buzz, Rex, Slinky dog, Hamm, and Potato Head start out on a journey to find himbefore Andy comes home.  While at the living quarters of Al, Woody meets his roundup gang, Jessie the cowgirl, Bullseye his faithful steed, and Stinky Pete, the prospector.  They have been waiting for him for countless years so that they can go to a museum in Tokyo.  Woody learns that if leaves, they'll go back into storage.  He decides to stay until Buzz, Rex, Hamm, Potato, and Slinky dog come to his rescue.  He refuses to leave, but changes his mind and asks Jessie and Bullseye to go with him.  The prospector, however, turns on them and tries to force them to go to the museum.  While at the airport redy to leave for Tokyo, the prospector is put in a Barbie bag and is gone forever.  But when Jessie is trapped on the plain, it's up to Woody, Buzz, and Bullseye to save the day.  Jessie is saved and she and Bullseye have a new home in Andy's room.<br /> This is truly a remarkable video, with many surprises popping up in every direction.  It should be watched over and over again.
B00003CXHJ|5.0|Great entertainment.  Fantastic acting and action.  Superb special effects.  Matthew McConaughey gives the best performance of his career.<br />It takes place in the Atlantic in WW2.  A German U-boat is attacked by an allied battleship and almost completely disabled.  It doesn't have enough power to return home so it becomes a sitting duck.  The sub, however, is carrying an enigma machine, a priceless piece of communication equipment that encrypts/decrypts German messages.  In the hands of the Allies, it could be the difference between losing and winning the war.<br />An American sub is immediately sent out to retrieve the enigma from the German sub.  But the Germans are aware of it too and are trying to reach it from the opposite direction before the enemy can get their hands on it.  What follows is a non-stop thrill ride.
B000059R8Y|4.0|I'm a big fan of Clapton and that includes all of the many phases that his music has gone through.  No this is not &quot;Classic Clapton&quot; but I didn't expect this to be either.  I was very pleasantly surprised by just how much I enjoyed listening to it even the first time through.  Many times it will take a couple of listens to really evaluate some of his other recent works - not this one - it clearly demonstates just what a talent the man is.
B000059MEK|5.0|&quot;Discovery&quot; is the awesome second album by Thomas and Guy-Manuel, better known as Daft Punk. Every single song is a winner. There is a very housey, retro-disco feel that runs through the entire album. From the reviews that have been posted, I noticed that people are comparing it to &quot;Homework,&quot; Daft Punk's now-classic first album. You can't compare the two and you shouldn't because they are two very different albums. If you need to make a comparison, it is more Stardust &quot;Music Sounds Better&quot; than Daft Punk's &quot;Homework&quot;. If you like upbeat, housey, disco beats with vocoder samples (by Daft Punk and New Jersey's own Romanthony AND Todd Edwards!!)I urge you to buy this CD--you won't be sorry! I seriously think this is the best dance album since &quot;Homework&quot; hands down. And it'll be the perfect compliment for Summer listening, I am sure.
B00003CWPR|2.0|Who, I'd like to know, is the genius at the studio (Warner Bros?) who has decided to release many great movies in the dreaded pan and scan format on DVD?  I own most of the Kubrick movies already on VHS and I waited sooo long to upgrade to DVD but what's the point.  I'm not sure what Mr. Kubrick's intentions were but perhaps if he had  seen all that DVD could provide not just the casual movie watcher but also the movie buff-- he most likely would have given people the option of deciding for themselves which format they would like to see.  Many people feel as I do-- you would sell so much more.  Incidently-- BONNIE and CLYDE was released in the pan and scan format then someone got wise and released it letterboxed-- I bought it immediately!!<br />I GIVE EYES WIDE SHUT in its theatrical release formatting the FULL FIVE STARS.  The DVD in its current form only gets a 2.
B00000K0DQ|2.0|Very overrated.  I just cannot like movies with such poor fakeaccents.  Once again, instead of hopelessly trying to imitate Southerndialects, most actors should just use their everyday accents.  It'sok.  We understand if you can't speak like us.  But please don'tinsult us by trying.  Sean Penn's attempt is the worst I've seen sinceTravolta in \\"The General's Daughter\\".  I could barely understanda single word he said.  He just didn't seem to put a lot of effortinto role.<br />All in all, this movie is anti-death penalty propaganda.They pathetically try to convince us to feel sorry for a murderer andrapist.  It doesn't work.  I actually WANTED him dead before the moviewas halfway.<br />And once again, in yet another insult to humanintelligence, Sister Helen Prejean (Susan Sarandon) is even morefoolish than the portrayal of innocence is supposed to make usbelieve.  Every other scene, I felt like screaming at her for puttingall her faith in a cold-blooded killer while turning her back on thevictims' families.<br />Other than getting my blood boiling, this moviedid little else for me.
B0000560RV|5.0|...I lie alone 20 meters under the oceansurface and hold on to projecting corales. The ocean seems lifeless but suddenly a enormous creature float over me, a ray.  The sun castes it`s beams through the water and shines in it`s ventral while it swimms around looking at me. Suddenly the curiosity takes over, and the huge creature flies over my hiding-place without sign to change course, I look right into the planktoneating throat. It swims over my head and suddely everything gets dark. Only the rays graywhite surface is barely visible. As a carpet it lies over me and I get filled of the feeling that it want to protect me from all the malice in the world.  I can glimpse the sun again behind the rays tail. My luck is complete...<br />...It`s been a long time, a very long time since I have heard ... a soulful record as this. So longing but still infinite beautiful. This is the voice of the blue ocean, in their music Sigur Ros portrayers beautiful og dramatic submarine landscape. On   you swim under the icecold polarice while the seals sings their wistful song and on Svefn-G-Englar you are in caribien ocean, swimming with dolphins and corales. The Vocalist sings on a mix of Icelandic and his own fantasylanguage who he calls Hopelandic. And thats just waht Agaetis Byrjun is, filled of hope, longing and a sober beautiful optimism.
B000001EHS|5.0|def leppard   greatest  hits  cd  is  good   an  bad. the  cd  has  almost  all  their  hits.  the  cd  is  misses   some songs like  too  late  for  love   ,  ring  of  fire  action    rock  rock  till  you  drop.  they  should  have  put  18  or  19  songs  on  the  cd.    over all  the  cd  is   good.
0780020685|3.0|Very long.  They could have cut out about 1.5 hours and the movie would have been just as effective.  It is an excellent portrayal of the harshness the Japanese people lived through for centuries.  This movie teaches lots of lessons, the most important being how strong a family and village bond can be.<br />The entire country is in the middle of an economic catastrophe.  A small rice-farming village is constantly attacked by bandits who steal all their food and leave them to die.  In a final effort to save their village and their lives, they seek out samurai to protect them.  When they convince a samurai that their cause is worth fighting for, he assembles a team of warriors to plan a defense for the town against the bandits.<br />Another DVD that seriously needs English dubbing.  Sub-titles give me headaches, especially when they go on for over three hours.  Great film though, even if you have to watch it over three sittings.
0790736918|5.0|How could I even begin reviewing this film when so much has been said already. The most I can do is either agree or disagree with what has been said, and I definately agree with the popular vote - this is a suberb film. John Wayne goes out looking for his niece, stolen by comanches after her family is butchered, and doesn't quit till the job is done. A great quest movie with beautiful scenery mostly taking place in Monument Valley, a site this film definately promoted.<br />If you can, purchase the new version released with trailer and a 30 min documentary, hosted by Wayne's son Patrick. It shouldn't be missed, and greatly increases the enjoyment of the picture. A real treat!
078401020X|2.0|I doubt that Artisan even bothered to remaster this DVD release -- it looks like it was either 1) taken directly from the Laserdisc master or (and most likely) 2) taken from a general release print (not the original print) of the movie.  What a shame -- Artisan usually produces some great DVD packages, but not this time.  Save your . . . money. . . and wait until a better DVD transfer hits the shelves...
B00004TRD8|5.0|A double sided disc that gives you eveything you could have hoped to know about the film. And more importantly, the box talks about the theatrical and special edition of the film that are contained the DVD. NOTE - There is a THIRD version of the film contained on the DVD!!! Remember the date of Judgement Day to find this Easter Egg.
B00003CXMG|4.0|Almost Famous is an autobiographical movie, based on Cameron Crowe memories. It is a story about a naive boy (William Miller) who has the most exciting experience of his life when he is given the chance to cover the US tour of a new band, stillwater, for Rolling Stone magazine. During this trip, William becomes more mature and aware of what happens on rock shows backstages, which represents a new world to him. Doing his job, he mets some &quot;groupie&quot; girls, who belong to music bands universe and make this film even better.  <br />The soundtrack is great and the characters have complex plots. The cast was very well chosen, and the best performers in scene are Kate Hudson, as the crazy groupie &quot;penny lane&quot;, and Philip Seymour Hoffman, who has a small part, but does it extremely well, as always.<br />Frances McDormand is also great as William's repressive mother. Most part of the film she is worried with her son, and the influence sex, drugs and rock'n roll may cause in his teenage life.<br />This movie has memorable moments, such as the dialogs between &quot;penny lane&quot; and william, and the airplane scene, when the stillwater, the groupies and even william start confessing their sins. I also enjoyed the &quot;groupies girls&quot;. Actually I know a few girls like that, which follow some local bands in my country and behave the same way as the characters of this film. Really unbelievable nowadays! I will never understand what makes these girls so devoted to group members and why they need to follow them and enjoy the sucess they do not deserve. It's kind of depressing, if you consider they have very low self steem, getting envolved with everybody in the bands.        <br />This DVD also brings HBO Behind the scenes, which I really recommend. In order to fully understand this movie, it is necessary to watch this special, in which Cameron Crowe reveals how autobiographical this film is, showing real pictures he took with rock stars on the 70's and also telling us about his early days experiences at show backstages.<br />As over 150 critics agreed: Almost Famous is one of the top 10 films of the year!
B00004RFCM|4.0|Its camp! Its funny! Its fabulous! I wish I could live my life like these women. Wait a minute...I'm a gay man. Its also all about sex and shoes. I guess I am one of them!
0553106635|5.0|I got lost in this story. The end of the second book with all the breast feeding dragons, sort of lost me for a minute, but this one has pulled right back in! <br />This is the kind of book that makes you dread reaching the end. <br />I can't wait for #4.
B00004Z459|5.0|This is a great CD.  It is one of the best CDs that I have heard and it is definitely worth buying.  I can listen to all of the songs over and over again and not get tired of it.  &quot;Papercut&quot; and &quot;One step closer to the edge&quot; are awesome tracks.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|okay ...so, i'm only 15......but this music speaks to people of all generations......i really enjoyed this c.d. although it doesn't have all of the hits.....but it's still a great c.d.......me and my dad groove to it all the time......it's a great c.d. to reach across generational boundaries.......so it's all good .....regardless if you're young or ancient........
B00000ADG2|3.0|I've been listening to this release for some time now trying to understand the hype and reason for all the rave reviews and accolades. I couldn't see it , hard as I tried. However with it fading away, I started to appreciate it. She was individual in style and approach - deserves applause for that. The downside is the absence of the ' rap ' in trying to cover all the bases at once.She inspired the individuality that we have sinse seen from the likes of Macy since. However we would like to see some hip-hop next time around.
B000056K04|5.0|I loved this CD! It was so good, i was so not dissapointed. your should defenetely buy this CD.
B000059MEK|1.0|Snoooooooooooooooooooooooooze. Party album? I'd hate to be atTHAT party then. Boring album considering why I purchased it. There'sa couple great parts, but usually ended by something slow. For DaftPunk, I'm disappointed....
6305910103|5.0|This is a review of the DVD version.  Unfortunately, as with the whole collection of the Star Trek DVDs, Paramount has done us a disservice by not adding anything extra to the movies, except for a trailer, and a French language audio-track and English and French subtitles.  No commentaries by Harve Bennett, Leonard Nimoy, or any other directors, composers, special effects people, actors - nothing. Nada.  If it wasn't for the better picture quality of DVD, I'd stick with the VHS version.  I am very disappointed in this, and all Star Trek movies, as a DVD.  Please, Paramount, show some respect for the fans of Star Trek who have earned you untold billions of dollars, and give us a decent DVD offering of the movies we love so much.<br />In terms of the movie itself, what can I say? This is great film-making, and great script-writing. People who don't like Star Trek might dismiss it out of hand, but I would suggest this one (and also Star Trek IV) as movies the non-trekkie, even the non-science-fiction fan, will likely enjoy.  Of all the Star Trek movies, this one is the most mythic - using mythic in its proper sense, of characters who are beyond human, stretching in to the realm of true archetypes.  Think Greek epic writing, and you'll get the idea.  Khan as blind vengeance personified; Kirk as unstoppable but fallible hero; the meeting of Kirk with his unknown son; and Spock, the non-human, teaching us how to be human by sacrificing his life for the crew.  It also has so much in it about death and life, and how we deal with situations that are no-win (such as Spock sacrificing himself). Great stuff.  If you want to know about the plot of the movie, or more beyond that, you can read the other many reviews here.  I only wanted to mention this is a great story, to watch and enjoy, and also something that could be used in a literature class in high school or college.  The filing is beautiful, the soundtrack is phenomenal (ranks right up there with Conan the Barbarian and Star Wars for perfectly meshed film-and-music).<br />Also, if you do get the DVD, you must watch the movie with the French audio on, because none of the French actors they used to do the voices is appropriate, and it's simply hilarious.  I don't know where thy found the actors to do the voices, but Khan sounds like a weenie, Kirk sounds like an accountant, and the others have no emotion or acting skill at all.  Truly a bad voice-over, but, as I said, utterly hilarious.  When Khan utters his \\"revenge is a dish best served cold\\" and in French he ends with \\"Foie\\", he says it with such a silly emphasis, I about rolled off my couch to hear it, and played it over and over before going on with the rest of the movie.<br />Great, wonderful, exciting and well-written Star Trek/adventure/science-fiction movie, my favorite of the Star Trek series, and the DVD is wonderfully clear and crisp, but offers nothing for which the DVD format is designed.tar Wars for perfectly meshed film-and-music).<br />Also, if you do get the DVD, you must watch the movie with the French audio on, because none of the French actors they used to do the voices is appropriate, and it's simply hilarious.  I don't know where thy found the actors to do the voices, but Khan sounds like a weenie, Kirk sounds like an accountant, and the others have no emotion or acting skill at all.  Truly a bad voice-over, but, as I said, utterly hilarious.  When Khan utters his \\"revenge is a dish best served cold\\" and in French he ends with \\"Foie\\", he says it with such a silly emphasis, I about rolled off my couch to hear it, and played it over and over before going on with the rest of the movie.<br />Great, wonderful, exciting and well-written Star Trek/adventure/science-fiction movie, my favorite of the Star Trek series, and the DVD is wonderfully clear and crisp, but offers nothing for which the DVD format is designed.
B00005ASOI|5.0|I really loved this movie. It was quite possibly the scariest film I've ever seen, but at the same time it had this odd sense of beauty. The combination causes the most sublime contradiction and you can't help but be pulled into the story. After you see Suspiria, if you enjoyed it, check out another Dario Argento film entitled Phenomenon starring Jennifer Connelly. <br />I will say that the previous Anchor Bay releases that I've purchased have been of the highest quality. Anchor Bay seems to really love the films they release and it's clearly evident throughout each of their DVDs. -Jeff!
630027120X|5.0|The late Robert Bolt,who penned the justly famous a man for all seasons,has written an excellent, topical story of love and death high in the amazonian jungle. It concerns the story of the Jesuit reductions in paraguay which were built as a refuge to the guarani,the indigenous poeples of that area. Jeremy Irons in an absolutely terrific performance plays fr gabriel{loosely based on Rouque Gonzales,a jesuit saint},whoc coordianteds the refiuge. the opening scene of a priest being hurled tied to a cross over a waterfall is astonishing. The cinematography is as good as it gets. Rober deniro has a half written role as a slave trader who kills his own brother{Aidian Quinn in a cameo},then in remorse, joins the jesuit mission as a brother. The scene of him struggling to carry his army gear[helmet,sword,etc.]over the waterfall is haunting. Liam neeson has a small role as one of the priests,{as does Fr Daniel Berrigan}Ennio Morricone fashioned a haunting, brilliant score for this movie,which aends as do most attempts at heaven on earth. The final 10 minutes of this movie are heart rending,and have stayed with me for quite a long time. jeremy Irons holding the Monstance leading a group on indians unarmed is haunting, magnificent. Top notch,well written,acted,beautifully filmed and scored,an unacknowledged masterpeice of the 1980's.
B000002NJS|5.0|Yes, I have reviewed this album before, but it took me a second time to truly understand it. The first time I thought it was good, but not great. Now, I think that this is absoluteley Madonna's second best album (A small step behind Like A Prayer). From the intoxicating opening of &quot;Drowned World&quot; to her heartwarming song for her daughter, Lourdes (Little Star), this album is a deeply personal testament to birth, death, and spirituality. Madonna catches the essence of those themes perfectly. Yes, the album is a tad overlong, but it is one of her most intoxicating and personal albums ever.  This album also features some of her finest singles in years. Here are how the tracks rate from 0(bomb)-10++++(outstanding)<br />1. Drowned World/Substitute For Love: A fine single, and a great opener. 10++<br />2. Swim: One of her finest songs ever. 10++++<br />3. Ray Of Light: A great dance track! 10++++<br />4. Candy Perfume Girl: Now she's a candy perfume girl, huh? 10+<br />5. Skin: An intoxicating song. 10++<br />6. Nothing Really Matters: Great song! 10+++<br />7. Sky Fits Heaven: Really good piece of work! 10+<br />8. Shanti/Ashtangi: Different, but still good! 10<br />9. Frozen: Good choice for a first single! 10++++<br />10. The Power Of Goodbye: A really sad song. 10++++<br />11. To Have And Not To Hold: Good song. 10+<br />12. Little Star: A heartwarming song. 10++++<br />13. Mer Girl: A great album closer. 10++<br />Overall Grade: A+ (10+++)<br />P.S. I will upgrade my best Madonna albums page!
B00003CXMG|4.0|This is a great film for teenagers to adults. I also recomend Bless the Child, The Kid and especially What Lies Beneath and Coyote Ugly.
B000059MEK|5.0|As good as da las' album. The best song I would say is track 4. Really good album.
B00003CXMG|2.0|Time now for my review of Almost Famous.  While the ex-hippies might be enjoying this boring movie if you're looking for a fun movie to watch you might try something else. What's ridiculous about this is that the critics gave the movie a good review and I watched it because of that. But the movie is a lot of feel-good nonsense in the tradition of the 70's. Just goes to show you that you have to make up your own mind on these things. <br />-----------------------------------------------------------------
B000056K04|2.0|The joy for me of the DMB was it's musical wanderings.  It was like watching a herd of wild mustangs.  All were traveling in a unified direction but with much randomness.  An occasional individual or two might veer off but always reunited with the group.  Fast,free and unpredictable.<br />This cd is like watching a plodding water buffalo burdened by a heavy sled, but a single road to follow.  I would have readily accepted this cd had it been released as a single endevour. Then it could have been presented for what it is, a compilation of well constructed well thought out songs by Dave.  But to market this as a Band effort while restricting these wonderful musicians from their creative input is just wrong.  I hope and pray these songs will take another shape come concert time when chains may be broken and the music can grow on it's own.  <br />In short, as a solo effort good, as a band effort this cd blows.
0684847248|4.0|Dr. Peck's book was suggested to me when I was in the 7th grade at a Catholic school sex ed lecture.  The suggestion stuck in my mind until I picked it up at the end of my freshman year of college.  I was wondering what love was and I concluded that Peck's definition is one of the finest I've come across.  Love is extending oneself for the benefit of another.  Coming from a strongly Catholic background, I appreciated Dr. Peck's insights on the importance of finding one's religious path and not being content with hand-me down religion.  As someone who recently entered therapy, I'm comforted by Peck's words that it is an act of courage to place oneself's under such intense scrutiny. However, I do find Peck slightly flaky in places.  I think that his giving such credence to the importance of dreams is a little foolish.  Dr. Peck is right that life is difficult, but learning the disipline to endure it can be wonderful.  I like Dr. Peck's assurance that it is a good thing to think a lot, since I've been critized for this ever since childhood.  Instead of giving a high school graduate Dr. Seuss's &quot;the places you'll go&quot;, considering giving them &quot;The Road Less Traveled&quot;.  You won't regret it.
B00000JT9E|4.0|The songs shown in the video are among slayers best, such as Raining Blood, Angel of Death and Killing Fields. A must for slayer fans.
6300216209|3.0|Yes, even the slightest piano tinkle resonanting the hauntingly memorable musical theme will instantly take you back to the moment you saw this for the first time.<br />I was a silly pipsqueak of a high school freshman when I first saw this classic tearjerker, and fell for every single sickening, cliched, contrived, overwrought gimmick in the predictable screenplay, over-ambitious music score, and less than subtle acting on behalf of Ryan O'Neal and Ali McGraw.  But guess what?  There are times when we need to watch films just like this--a film in which we allow ourselves to willingly be led by the nose and heartstrings and force ourselves into a good cryfest.  <br />This is precisely what has granted this piece of 1970 cinema its endurance.  We know it's obvious (&quot;What offends you more Father, that she's Catholic, or poor?&quot;), we know it's preachy (&quot;Love means never having to say you're sorry&quot;), we know the outcome from the very first sentence (&quot;What can you say about a 25 year old girl who died?&quot;), yet none of that matters.  <br />With all its flaws and lack of being original and clever, Americana has had a thirty year love affair with LoveStory.  Don't watch it as high art or even great cinema.  Watch it because you want to feel something.  And hey, the score did win an Oscar, after all.  You'll catch yourself humming it for weeks afterward.  See it with someone you love.
0446677450|4.0|This book did to me what a good book should do - it changed my live and thinking pattern - specially about money - how to invest and how to think in the Information Age - after all, your thoughts direct your ACTIONS!<br />As a novice it directed my thoughts towards investment - I do however believe that this book is mind-changing but does not cover ALL the aspects of investing. I think it is absolutely important to further your studies in investing before embarking on this route.
0465068359|5.0|This book is amazing. I had heard about the book when a relative gave it to my grandfather for his birthday (he fought against the Japanese in the latter years of the Second World War). I knew it was controversial and important, but I had shied away from reading it because I knew it was graphic. I needed a book for my World War II class (college) this semester, and, as my fiancée is Chinese and from only a few hundred kilometers from Nanjing, I took the plunge.<br />This book details an oft-looked over portion of World War II: The atrocities committed by the Japanese in Asia. The Japanese committed a great deal of atrocities, from the Bataan Death March and the Comfort Women to Unit 731 (medical experimentation and intentional spreading of disease like the bubonic plague) and the almost complete destruction of Shanghai and Nanjing. However, the great majority of work on World War II is focused upon the European theater. Those that do mention Asia tend to speak about the terrible destruction of Japan and the rebuilding after the war. This book fills a much-needed gap in the history of World War II.<br />Ms. Chang's book is an effort to point out the terribleness of the Rape of Nanjing to the rest of the world and to hold the current Japanese government responsible for it. The Japanese were spared the war trials and reparations meted out by Germany due to Cold War tensions in Asia, and the crimes of Japanese were largely glossed over for the next few decades. More recently, as aging victims attempt to sue Japanese corporations and the government in general they usually run up against a brick wall. The Japanese government's stance seems to be playing a waiting game, waiting for all of the victims to pass on. This is a travesty almost as heinous as the terrible crimes committed in the War.<br />I hope that this book helps to hold the current Japanese government accountable for the actions of World War II. I hope that that day comes soon, before it is too late for theirvictims.<br />PS:  Since I first wrote this review I have been to the Nanjing Massacre Memorial.  I challenge the naysayers of this book to hold the same opinions after visiting that sobering site.
B000002I77|5.0|Funky funky funk funk funky funky!~ (funky funky funky funk) Funky funky funk funk funk funk FUNKAY! ( funky funky funky funk) Funk funk funky funky - funk funkay funk! Funk funk funkay funkay - funky funk funk! Funk funk funky  funky - Funky funk funk! Funk funk funky funky - funky funky funk funk!
B00000IAU3|5.0|One night about a month ago I came home tired and worn out, fell asleep on the couch with the television going full blast.  I woke up after midnight to hear DIDO singing on a late night talk show.  I said to myself; Who is this girl? Who has this voice?  Dido ended her performance and I never heard who she was or what the song was she singing.  It took me 3 whole weeks with this melody in my head to find out who she was and just to purchase the CD.  I know she has the greatest band that I've heard in a long time and her voice is the closest thing to the old Sade that I've ever heard.  There is something so mesmerizing about the congas, and the brazilian beat that it will hipnotize you on the spot.  I hope this lady is recognized for the true talents that she possess.
B000003TAR|4.0|Ok..I'm probably biased since i feel nirvana are one of thebest groups in history but hear me out. The entire album has qualitysongs from end to end and honestly while i dont think it's the bestnirvana work it's got some amazing songs(my personal favorites arerape me and heart shaped box). If you are anyway into rock music atall this album is for you.
B000000W5N|5.0|The Rolling Stones had it dialed with their triad of albums in the late 60's and early 70's. Let It Bleed, Sticky Fingers and Exile on Main Street are among the top rock albums of all times.  It is somewhat difficult for me to think of them separately or to decide which is best, even after thirty years of listening.  Sticky Fingers is the one, I preferred at the time.  It certainly exemplifies much of what the Stones stood for with the so- called counter culture.  It was just plain fun and still is.<br />It is a totally classic cd from Brown Sugar to Moonlight Mile.  I love the  &quot;screamin 'jive&quot; of Can't You Hear Me Knocking with its distinctive endless jam to the country plaintive Wild Horses with its wonderful verse. The Stones  also pay tribute to their roots, both country  and blues.  They do a good cover of Mississippi Fred McDowell's You Gotta Move.<br />Of course, some of the songs reflect the times and their issues.  ...represents the typical Stones raunchy  and Sister Morphine, one of my favorites is a haunting tale of a life of ... abuse<br />Throughout the cd the song writing is outstanding. who can forget the tongue in cheek lyrics of Dead Flowers. The song was meant to sing a long with.  I'll keep sending you those dead flowers If you are a young listener and wonder what all the hoopla surrounding the Rolling Stones was all about take a good serious listen to this.  If you are a long time stones fan you know about Sticky Fingers and still listen to it frequently.
B000059MEK|5.0|It has been four years since Daft Punk's debut &quot;Homework&quot; had us Around the World, feelin' Da Funk, and letting us know we were still Alive. Now that they are back, its like they never left. That same positivlet charged/digital vibe they make takes me back to some of the music that made me happiest while in high school. Now &quot;Discovery&quot; hits back with an odd maturity to the technology and style they homed in on with &quot;Homework.&quot; From the first track and single, One More Time, you know where things are going and that we are not in charge. Once this album starts your track search option is disabled and you must sit there, listening to track after track feeling so good the only button you can hit is repeat all. And if you get a chance you must see the video for the single, absolutely dazzling (but I'm not gonna ruin it for you.) My favorite track has to be what I assume will be the next single (I'm usually right when it comes to this sort of thing) Harder, Better, Faster Stronger: a digital funk masterpiece using deconstructed sentence fragments though a vocoder which come together in the end so fast you have to play it more than once. Still, where can Daft Punk go from here? I can only dream. I just hope it brings me back here in no time at all.
B000002UVX|5.0|That this is quite possibly the GREATEST live album of ALL time. And I am not kidding. I consider myself to be as eclectic in my musical tastes as possible, with CD's in my cabinet ranging from Dave Brubeck, Phish, Mr. Bungle, Squarepusher, Klezperanto, and lots more, Hendrix drops a groove here that I have never heard equalled by any guitarist. A MUST HAVE! Hendrix connects with the notes at a level far beyond the common relationship that a person has with his/her instrument. THIS IS SOUL. If you even think you are a musician, you must experience this level of expression.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I mean, all those songs that went #1 during their time. This CD too went #1 once being released. I've never heard all their songs but the ones I DID hear were very nice..WAY TO GO, BEATLES!!!!!!!!
B000002TYK|5.0|Backstreet Boys=sellouts. Eminem=disgruntled sellout. DMX=disgruntled can't-rap-for-anything-on-God's-green-earth sellout. The Smashing Pumpkins=musical Gods. Pearl Jam=evolved rock Gods. Foo Fighters=the essence of music itself. Dave Grohl did a fantastic job with this album. It's sort of grainy and rough cut, much unlike the Colour and the Shape, which was immensely popular. This album is by far the Foo Fighters' best, but their other albums are awesome as well. Definately a buy. Check out the Pumpkins and Pearl Jam if you know what's good for ya.....
B000002ADT|4.0|This is a excellent CD, <br />the solos are all wonderful, especially Bill Evans, and Cannonball Adderly on Flemenco Sketchs,<br />I have learned all Bill Evan's improvisations  by ear and transposed some of Cannonball's onto the piano after doing that I've been able to really appreciate the inventiveness and balance in their solos.<br />On the improvisations the players don't play fast scales or worn out riffs, but super cool and well balanced melody's on the modal scales, The prestine clearness and space in the music is the main reason for it's popularity, and the fact it is very easy to hear what the musicians are doing.<br />Mile's solo on Blue and Green is a the perfect example of this subtle understated playing, he plays few notes but still says a lot, and Bill Evan's solo on 'Flemenco Sketchs' is one of my favorite Bill Evans improvisations.<br />Personally I prefer  Mile's more modern 60's quintet, because there is more interplay and unity in their playing, it is less based on the soloist,  Also Tony Williams awe-inspiring drumming is mesmerising replaces the although subtle, less interesting rhythmn section in    &quot;Kind of Blue' .<br />But still this is a truly great CD ,and the impro's are very easy to hear ,I recommend buying the CD and playing along,   it also creates a very cool atmosphere by just having it on,<br />Good, but not essential.
B00003CXMG|5.0|no extras?  oh, bother.  <br />the movie?<br />(breathe in)<br />B E A U T I F U L .
B00000JGHS|4.0|I thought this movie was awesome, it is hilarious. Burt Reynolds plays the stereotypical sleazy congressman that is always in trouble, and Demi hits home with her role as a stripper. Anyone who knows strippers knows that most of them have children that they are trying to support at home. This movie is mostly realistic and honest. I think that the only reason it hasnt done better in review, and in the box office, is because this brand of honest reality is the kind that most people dont want to face or acknoweledge existance of. I applaud the makers of this film.. talk to a stripper (which im not) and you will find that this kind of thing is daily for them, customers get enthralled with them on a fantasy level, and it usually leads to drama.
B000000W5L|5.0|...sings Jagger on &quot;Loving Cup,&quot; and it sums up the euphoric, dangerously blissful, achingly hollow, sordidly soulful vibe of this classic among rock classics. What an album!!! <br />Although this Virgin edition of the CD sounds great, there's nothing like hearing EXILE on vinyl. Something's a little off about hearing the tracks run right into each other without having to flip the records over. Tracks 6-9 and 10-14 are two of the best, most harrowingly sad and wounded sides of rough rock the Stones ever gave us. &quot;Torn And Frayed&quot; paints us a picture of the band itself: Stubbly and hoary, drunk and disorderly. &quot;Happy&quot; is Keith Richards stating his raison d'etre, as the saxophones prop up his ragged frame even while he spills his drink on the mixing desk. &quot;Black Angel&quot; finds Mick serenading the afro-haired Angela Davis, trying to make amends for his &quot;Brown Sugar&quot; fantasies (as if it would make a difference!). And &quot;Just Want To See His Face&quot; is the murky, spectral gospel that countless bands have tried in vain to tap for years on end.  <br />There were ghosts trapped in that machine way back in the early seventies, when Nixon and the counterculture were tearing the country in opposite directions. &quot;Everybody gonna need some kinda ventilator!&quot; screamed Jagger, as the blues tugged away at the ankles with such a force that you had to surrender to the riptide.<br />EXILE ON MAIN ST. Rip this joint.
B00AEBB8SS|2.0|Unlike most critics and many people, I did not like Anthony Minguella's THE ENGLISH PATIENT. I admit that many of the visuals in that film were stunning. However, I was not at all impressed by the story and to be honest the acting wasn't all that great (Miramax has often won awards not because of talent or performance, but because they have an incredibly huge checkbook thanks to the Mouse). From the previews, I actually thought I might enjoy RIPLEY. The visuals looked once again stunning, the lead character was played by Matt Damon, and the story seemed to be interesting.<br /><br />Well, I was really fooled by those previews. This movie dragged on forever. There really was no real drama or suspense. The only time the movie is really interesting is when Freddy (played by Phillip Seymour Hoffman) confronts Tom Ripley about the missing appearance of a mutual friend. Other than that, the movie was dull and uneventful. I must admit that I did find myself rooting for Tom, but not because I liked his character. I was rooting for him because I disliked everyone else in the film even more. That's usually what happens when most of the characters in a film turn out to be sinister and evil themselves. Sin gives birth to indifference.<br /><br />This film has an all star cast, but most of their talent is wasted because of the cardboard cut-out character choices they make. Also, this movie portrays itself as being suspenseful, there isn't anything suspenseful about this film. Ripley says at one point in the movie that &#34;I'd always thought it was better to be a fake somebody than a real nobody.&#34; The makers of this movie took those words to heart because THE TALENTED MR. RIPLEY is a real nobody trying to be a fake somebody.
B000002GBB|5.0|A truly great Styx CD once you get past/ignore Sing For the Day. That's not a bad song, it just doesn't seem to fit in here. Great White Hope kickstarts this nice set into high gear. The best song they completely ignore has got to be Queen of Spades. Some of my metalhead buddies who don't even like Styx claim this is a great song. Renegade and Blue Collar Man are great Tommy Shaw songs which hold up to this day no problem. Pices of Eight: Always been my favorite, always will.
0743200799|4.0|For those of us who didn't group up during the space race, we are in need of education.  For those of you who did, this may be an opportunity to hear about what was happening behind the scenes.<br />This book provides a captivating story of the space program and a historical record of what happened from someone who lived it.  If either of those interest you, this is a great book.
B000002GB4|3.0|Tommy's first studio work with the group after touring with them to support Equinox. Tommy also has the best 2 songs here with Crystal Ball and Shooz. Ballerina is a nice song by Dennis. The remaining tracks are listenable at best unless you like extreme pomp rock. Put Me On sung by JY with a little help from Dennis is interesting.
0486411818|3.0|This book is a decent reference to have in your collection. The book does do a decent job of presenting some of the mathematical rigor associated with the FEM.  However, I would not recommend it for use in a FEM course.  I think students find the initial introduction to FEM somewhat confusing.
B000002GB2|4.0|Styx finally got hooked up with a decent record label and the results speak for themselves. A complete turnaround from 1974's Man of Miracles, especially in the production department. JY's Midnight Ride would be the first in many riff-oriented songs Styx fans could always count on. Dennis adds flair to songs such as Light Up, Loreli and Lonely Child. More good guitar work is incorporated in Born For Adventure and an anthem of sorts, Suite Madame Blue. Nice way to kick off the big break A&amp;M Records gave them.
B0000041TD|5.0|Of course it is, this is one of the finest opera recordings of all time. Pavarotti, Freni and Panerai were born to sing these roles and they can stand comparison with any other singer in history. Pavarotti in his prime was one of the wonders of our time, his God-given voice was a miracle, and his honesty and passion are tailor-made for Rodolfo. You may prefer Di Stefano or Bjrling, but Luciano is their peer. The same goes for the young Mirella Freni. What a pity some years later she decided to sacrifice quality of voice for sheer power, because as heard here, her voice was a ravishing delight. Karajan conducts with italianate passion and incomparable elegance, and it hardly needs saying that no greater orchestra than the Berlin Philharmonic has ever recorded La Bohme. You may also want to investigate Beechams recording with Victoria de los Angeles and Jussi Bjrling, who next to Pavarotti and Freni are one of the ideal couples on record. Maria Callas and Giuseppe Di Stefano must not be forgotten either, they sing the most passionate Third Act on any recording, and Di Stefano sings those high pianissimi like no other tenor could ever hope.
B000002GB9|5.0|Every song here is good. Well, Superstars and The Grand Finale are a bit campy, but the other songs are completely worth it. Miss America, Man in the Wilderness and Castle Walls become mainstays after the thrill is gone from The Grand Illusion, Fooling Yourself and Come Sail Away. Definately in their prime.
1556154844|5.0|This book should be required reading.  It's that good.  I cannot say enough about how good this book is, so I won't bore you with trying.  Just go read it.
B00003CXP1|5.0|Darren Aronofsky's &quot;Requiem for a Dream&quot; is an extraordinarily brilliant film, tied for the top three films I've seen in my near 900 film/18 year existence (Magnolia, Wonderland are the other two). This film could be another drug movie, lacking any originality (I personally love drug movies, but there's a chance for repetition every time). It's not. &quot;Requiem for a Dream&quot; is the brilliant sophomore (though not sophomoric) film from &quot;Pi&quot; director Darren Aronofsky, an up and coming writer-director from the Sundance Generation headed for a great career. It concerns the painful metamorphosis of two fledgling drug dealers and a clothing designer (one of their girlfriends) into full-on heroin addicts. Meanwhile, the mom of the one with the girlfriend is becoming addicted to TV and diet pills, convinced she'll be on a game show soon (a mean prank). These people have dreams. Leto and Wayans want to be on easy street, and Leto plans to take girlfriend Connelly (hugely underrated) with him to easy street, but the road to hell is paved with good intentions. Burstyn (in an Oscar nominated, and deserving performance) is Leto's mom, trying desperately to get through every day life till her one and only hope for salvation comes and she lets it fly by. &quot;Requiem for a Dream&quot; is a painful film, brilliantly edited, gorgeously photographed in color by &quot;Pi&quot; cinematographer Matthew Libatique, and beautifully but horrifyingly composed musically by the Kronos Quartet and Curt Mansell. The result, thanks to visual brilliance by Aronofsky, is one of the three best films I've ever seen in my short but movie-filled life. The adaptation is harsh but strangely beautiful from that notorious Hubert Selby,Jr. novel of the 70s, scripted by Aronofsky and Selby themselves. The acting is very good. Leto and Wayans break their own rules and prove slightly different sides to their seemingly one dimensional abilities do exist. Jennifer Connelly, good in last year's other great film &quot;Pollock&quot; and 1998's &quot;Dark City&quot;, really comes across brutally honest and brutally tragic in this movie, at one point doing something only the most dedicated actress in art films could be expected to do. She was nominated for the Independent Spirit Award for Best Supporting Female. Burstyn gives her all in the Independent Spirt/Golden Globe/Oscar nominated performance as Leto's mom, a pill popping TV addict who can't take a hint, resulting in horrible tragedy. This film is painful, brutal, difficult to watch, unbelievably enrapturing, darkly funny and brilliantly and gorgeously made. It's the best film of 2000, one of the three best films of all time. One can only hope it gets the notice it deserves. Nominated for Best Feature, Cinematography, Director, Female Lead and Supporting Female at the IFP/West Independent Spirit Awards of 2001. One word, to sum this artful masterwork up? Amazing.
0790729725|1.0|I have to say that this is one of the best movies I've ever seen. Yet the DVD doesn't do this classic justice. First off, the movie is listed as being enhanced for widescreen televisions. Unfortunately, this only applies to the menus, not the film itself. Another major problem is that the soundtrack of this film seems to be mixed in Dolby ProLogic since there's a lack of surround action. And the biggest problem with this disc: it's dual-sided, not dual-layered. In the middle of the film, the disc stops and you have to get up and flip it. Come on: this isn't laser disc.<br />Memo to Warner Bros.: Remaster this epic anamorphically, in DTS digital surround, and make it a special edition, 2-disc set with the film on a dual-layered disc and extras on the second disc.
B00004Z4UW|1.0|Honestly I hated this movie because Kenu was much better in Bill and Ted, I know this guy can do a LOT better! The digital efx seemed kinda fake (I've even seen better ones on some music videos on MTV...)The story was MADE for wanna be intelletualish pranks! And for all of you mega fans (specially the ones that compare Matrix to Star Wars) that are gonna bash this review with negative rating please take out Eraserhead and learn!
B00001U0DP|5.0|I first want to say that I hope you find this review helpful, I want to say first that Chad needs to learn about GOOD Movies and Bad movies and giving this movie 1 star is just annoying. No way pal, if you hate this than don't post it. <br />This is a beautiful portrait of a man who loves his family and doesn't want his child to live in horror. Nicoletta Braschi is amazingly beautiful in this movie and Roberto Benigni was just magnificent as Guido in this movie. He steals every scene with his comic acting<br />I am also amazed by Mr. Benigni's skillful writing and sensitivity towards this issue. I want to say the score is magnificently beautifully done by Nicola Piovani. I hope that if anyone gets a film on Video and DVD it will be Life Is Beautiful. It is funny, sad, touching, romantic and everything in it.<br />Watch for the many times he bumps into Nicoletta Braschi in this movie. That's all I have to say for now. I hope you will rent this.
6305609691|5.0|Apocalypse Now is a movie that takes you on a journey through the human mind while taking you through a journey down a river.  The premise is based on the novel &quot;Heart of Darkness&quot; by Joseph Conrad.  Martin Sheen plays a soldier sent to eliminate the rogue army Colonel Kurtz played brilliantly by Marlon Brando.  The voyage is enacted on a naval partol boat on a river in Vietnam.  As the crew makes it further down the river, life becomes more and more insane leading to the ultimate scene from any movie, the approach to Kurtz's compound.  Francis Ford Coppola did a great job directing this movie, and the extras are great on the dvd.  The movie stars Brando, Sheen, Larry Fishbourne, Harrison Ford, Robert Duvall, and Dennis Hopper.  It's a movie that will change the way you think.
B0000027RL|5.0|This is the album that put Eddie Vedder on the cover of Time magazine. Still blows me away these nearly ten years later. The only thing I can say about PJ at this time is that if they had included &quot;Yellow Ledbetter&quot; on this album there would be no argument as to which is the greatest grunge/alternative record. &quot;Nevermind&quot; or &quot;Ten&quot;. Pearl Jam's &quot;Ten&quot; would win by a landslide. Kind of let's you know how creative this band was at their beginning. The best song they have ever done was relugated to appearing as a B-side on the &quot;Jeremy&quot; single. Pick this up of course, but get the &quot;Jeremy&quot; single too.<br />Some have asked the question, &quot;why is this record called Ten when there are eleven songs?&quot; The story goes: When PJ first started out they were going by the name of pro-basketball player Mookie Blaylock. Apparently the guys are huge basketball fans and they literally called the band &quot;Mookie Blaylock.&quot; Why they chose that beats me. It's a funny name I guess. For whatever reason they decided to change it to Pearl Jam (there are stories about that one too, I won't get into it.) Anyhow, old Mookie's number in basketball was &quot;10&quot;. So they named this album as an homage to him. It also works on other levels. &quot;This album's a ten!&quot; &quot;Turn it up to ten when listening!&quot; So many layers.
B000008H24|3.0|After a streak of four brilliant albums this one was a bit of a letdown when released.  That doesn't mean it's not solid and worth owning.  Other than the trite &quot;Queen and Country&quot; and the popish &quot;Bungles in the Jungle&quot; every song here is good listening.  It's just that the material doesn't compare with Aqualung or Benefit.  A reasonable comparison would be Led Zeppelins &quot;Presence&quot; compared to its sensational predecessors.  It signaled that the peak was past.  But it's a good addition to any collection and a must to hardcore Tull fans.  The quality of the recording is above average as well.
B00004T9UF|5.0|THIS WAS THE BEST ALBUM I'VE EVER HEARD. EMINEM SPEAKS HIS MIND AND PEOPLE LIKE THAT ABOUT HIM. HE IS DEFINATELY ONE OF A KIND BECAUSE OF HIS LYRICS. HE'S ORIGINAL AND THAT'S WHY I LIKE HIM. I BOUGHT THIS ALBUM AND FELL IN LOVE WITH HIM BECAUSE HE TELLS YOU HOW HE FELLS ABOUT CERTAIN TOPICS MAYBE IT'S NOT ALL TRUE BUT HE SPEAKS IT.
B00000IL26|5.0|If you ever want to convert a non-fan into a jazz lover this album would be my first choice.  The most underrated jazz musician ever is at his peak and it's hard to stop this disc once you start.  Crisp, clean, upbeat jazz in every song.  No ballads or muted horns here, this is hardbop at it's best.  As a longtime Morgan fan I can tell you he never sounded better than on this disc.  Joe Henderson always played well with Lee and Higgins was one of the premier drummers at that time.  Don't think about it, just buy it!
B0000064TT|5.0|Wow.  Quite a find.  Energetic,  musical, deft, creative, and orginal.  What else is there to say?  For a person who was big into both southern rock and fusion jazz this would have been right up my alley when it was released.  Somehow I missed it then but better late than ever.  Truly outstanding.
B00000634J|3.0|This is probably the best Lennon collection available.  He wrote some good songs like Working Class Hero, Watching The Wheels, Happy Xmas and Jealous Guy.  A lot of the other stuff is a bit dodgy.  Mother, Beautiful Boy and Woman are probably the worst tracks here.  Imagine has been played to death and I would be perfectly happy never hearing it again.
6304698690|3.0|Director Holland manages the trick of being faithful to Burnett's text - in terms of narrative, setting, character etc. - while subverting its ideological assumptions.  The unobtrusive analysis of class qualifies all movement towards resolution, focusing on the excluded, working class boy rather than any restoration of aristocracy.  Mary's parents in India are symptomatic of wider Imperial apathy; while the ghostly manor is an allegory for a sick, disintegrating empire.  <br />Mary the outsider in Gothdom bares the mark of 'Edward Scissorhands' writer Caroline Thompson, but Kieslowski proteges Holland and Preisner only get one chance to emulate their master, a firelit childrens' wish reaching their guardian thousands of miles away.
B00004YZT5|3.0|well, this album is a comercial failier, but is a natural progression from their previous album. CC deville is not playing on this record, but his replacement is probebely the best technical guitarist poison have ever had, and is a very talanted vocalist to. as a lot of the material on this album is not perticulaly special, and here, the band often tris too hard to be something its not. though, &quot;theatre of souls&quot;, &quot;until you suffer some (fire and ice) are amazing ballads. download them from the internet.
6300216403|4.0|You could look at 'Paper Moon' as a nostalgic recreation of John Ford's 'Grapes of Wrath', complete with pretty Depressioon and comic-relief caricatures. <br />You could look at 'Paper Moon' as a charming buddy-buddy road movie/Western, a long haul through the sideroads of America, denying the quest for the self that is the usual end of these genres.<br />With its doubles, its mirrors, its use of disguises and playacting, its same actor playing cop and bootlegger brothers, its provisionality of gender; most importantly, in its main character as a conman who refuses to deal with the consequences of his self-aggrandising caprices, I prefer to see this Depression recreation as an allegory of another, more recent Depression, a moral Depression: Watergate.<br />Any way you look at it, 'Paper Moon' is marvellous, and a reminder of how brilliant Ryan O'Neal could be.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|You'd need more than five stars to rate Fiona Apple's talent. The first song i heard from her was &quot;Sleep to Dream&quot; (Tidal), and i just could say:wow! i want that CD. She has an amazing voice, awesome, she knows exactly how to use it in every note, a perfect fusion with her piano, she makes magic. When the pawn... just confirms her quality, always great lyrics, her piano can be stronger in songs like &quot;On the Bound&quot; or deeply sweet, like &quot;I Know&quot;. My favorite songs are &quot;To your love&quot;, the way she plays this one is incredible, like it goes &quot;in crescendo&quot;,it's very frenetic, &quot;Fast as you can&quot; makes you run all over the place, very powerful, doesn't let you breath. The way she sings &quot;Limp&quot; with all those changes in her voice is great, very agressive, it's a high and down song. If you want to have a great disc, with a perfect voice, music and lyrics, you have to buy this CD, even if you have never heard Fiona's songs, you'd just love it.
6305531412|4.0|Zemeckis' masterwork boasts all the requirements of film noir - loser detective, femme fatale, patsy, shadowy noir look, corrupt big business interests etc. - and is yet really an anti-noir: the negative stereotypes and expectations are reversed; the dissolution of boundaries and the breakdown of reason, so traumatic in noir, is here celebrated.<br />This is the work of the animation half, a genre hostile to boundaries and reason, even if the thriller plot here means it is not quite as liberated as the average Looney Toon.  Not only is this possibly the first blockbuster film to allude to Joyce's 'Ulysses' (the Toon Town/Night Town sequence), but it is also an allegory of the McCarthy era, reminding us how animation bravely protested when live action kept ingloriously schtum.
B000000WJZ|5.0|One of the best rock albums of all time. A real masterpiece. This was the first album I bought of the Pumpkins and it is their best one.<br />Every song here is amazing. You can listen to the whole album and enjoy every single track! It is hard to nominate a best track selection but off the top of my head I'd say : Today, Disarm, Geek USA and Mayonaise.<br />But they are all great. Some are slow (Today, Disarm, Spaceboy) whilst others burst out with noise! (Quiet, Geek USA)<br />Buy this album now, it is truly amazing and I promise you will not be disappointed. If u like it, move on to Mellon Collie and after that, see what else gets to u.<br />There is nothing else I can say cause I don't want to spoil the surprise! <br />Just buy this album. There is no point in telling you why u should love it............................because u will!
B000005RUV|4.0|Like their other greatest hits compilation, &quot;Wham!-The Final, this compilation of Wham!'s best of contains album versions as well as 45 and 12&quot; remixes of their greatest hits.            Now I realise that a gret deal of people thought of this music as &quot;bubblegum pop&quot;. Look at the credits (of their past albums), however, and you will see that George Michael wrote, arranged and produced EVERY track on the recording.            George Michael was also very in touch with the youth of his day. You will find this on tracks like &quot;Wham! Rap (Enjoy What You Do)&quot;, &quot;Bad Boys&quot; and &quot;Young Guns (Go For It)&quot;. All 3 of these tunes (taken from Wham!'s debut &quot;Fantastic&quot;) clearly expressed the frustration of British and American kids of the early 80's             A more uplifting track, also from their debut, is the song &quot;Club Tropicana&quot;. This tune sings of a place where &quot;drinks are free. Fun and sunshine; there's enough for everyone&quot;. With this tune George illustrated the free and carefree spirit that was alive at this time as well.             We now go to the hits from Wham!'s sophmore release,  &quot;Make It Big&quot;. &quot;Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go&quot;,&quot;Everything She Wants&quot; and &quot;Freedom&quot; are all very catchy tunes in which George sings about how his love has been taken advantage of. &quot;Like A Baby&quot; is a ballad that just touches your heart in the right place and their Isly Brothers cover, &quot;If You Were There&quot; assures the listener &quot;that I care&quot;.             Now, the four hits from Wham!'s third release &quot;Music From The Edge Of Heaven&quot;. On &quot;Last Christmas&quot; George sings about the heartbreak he feels when his former lover gives away a gift that he gave her; &quot;Last Christmas I gave you my heart but the the very next day, you gave it away&quot;. The track &quot;I'm Your Man&quot; is another very catchy single that has George saying to us &quot;If you're gonna do it, do it right; do it with me.&quot; (I think we all know what he's hinting there...). &quot;The Edge Of Heaven&quot; is a rather edgy Wham! tune where Andrew Ridgley can actually use his guitar (see the very unWham!like guitar solo in the middle of this track). What I find rather amusing about this track is the last line of the last verse: &quot;...believe me baby, one day you'll wake up on your own!&quot; Andrew Ridgley sure woke up on his own. :)  The track &quot;Where Did Your Heart Go?&quot;, a cover tune from the Was Brothers, shows that George is definitely in touch with Soul music. This tune is also one of the reasons why I gave this CD 4 stars instead of 5. I have been looking for the 45 version of this song on CD for quite some time. I was sad when it wasn't included on &quot;The Final&quot; and, when I first found this CD, I was hoping it might show up on here... alas, I was wrong.             This brings me to the last 2 tunes on this disc; the 90's remakes of &quot;I'm Your Man&quot; and &quot;Everything She Wants&quot; I was rather surprised that I really enjoyed &quot;I'm Your Man '96&quot;. The reason being, that he gave the song a rather 90's dance beat and had hip-hop background supporting vocals; I myself am NOT a big fan of either genre. &quot;Everything She Wants '97&quot; is the other reason why I gave this CD 4 stars instead of 5. Listen to this track and you will see that he did not actually remake it but just took the original 1985 track (including his original vocals) and put a club beat in the background. Needless to say, I was NOT amused.             So, as you can see, with the exception of 2 tracks, I find that, indeed, this is the best of Wham!.
0783235607|5.0|This film was made in 1960, and for all of those that love the Jason Vorhees, Freddy Kruger-ish slash em up flicks you had better view the granddaddy of all slashers! From start to finish this is the ultimate in horror. Oh, and yes, Alfred does make his usual cameo appearance(look fast at the beginning!). The story involves a young babe(Hey that is Jamie Lee Curtis's mom!) who embezzles, skips town, and then winds up and this lonely old motel run by Norman Bates(Anthony Perkins). Do I really need to go on? Unless you have been living in a cave for the last 40 years, there is no need for any more details. Musical score by Bernard Hermann is one of the best.      This really was a groundbreaking horror film. There were two decades of Universal Monsters between 1930-1950, and during the 1950s America witnessed the invasion of the Sci-Fi gems such as &quot;IT CAME FROM&quot; type thrillers involving giant ants, monoliths, and such. The year 1960 gave America PSYCHO and PSYCHO was indeed the first of its kind. This was a truly unique picture for its time, and is a timeless piece of work.
B0000027F3|5.0|The album is like a drug, you can't have a Priest collection without it. A friend turned me on to this album and from the first song I heard (leather rebel), I was hooked. The other hits are &quot;Between the Hammer and the Anvil&quot;, &quot;Nightcrawler&quot;,&quot;Hell Patrol&quot;,and &quot;All Guns Blazing&quot;. The guitars and lyrics are piercing, but wel worth the hearing loss. All in all this is one of my alltime favorite albums.
6304698526|5.0|If you want a movie with a great story line and one of the best car chase sequences ever filmed, then bullit is the one.  Is a classic duel between the good guys vs the bad guys.  The good guy driving the Ford Mustang, and the bad guys driving the Dodge Charger R/T.  The movie is realistic except most people know that in real life the Charger would of left the Mustang in the dust.
B00003CXA3|5.0|You would think that a film that earned 5 Academy Awards, including Best Picture of 1971 and Best Actor (Hackman), would have been digitally remastered on DVD long ago.  The film concerns NY Detectives Popeye Doyle (Hackman) and Buddy Russo (Scheider) and their uncovering of a heroin ring that goes a lot farther than New York City.  The action scenes (car chases and especially intense foot chase in the conclusion) are first rate.  Hackman and Scheider are great as partners.  I urge fans to push for it's ultimate release on DVD along with the French Connection II and The Seven-Ups.
6302787297|5.0|Greetings all! Looking through the reviews of this movie, I couldn't help but notice that the vast majority of reviewers gave it 5 stars.  Why then, is there no DVD version of this movie out?  Hollywood - please take notice - there are PLENTY of customers for this movie if you release a DVD version, this is one movie that is just begging for a DVD release. I enjoyed this movie immensely, I think it is one of Ridley Scott's most underrated films.  So what if Columbus was played by a frenchman?  Who cares?  He played the role spectacularly, I think this is one of the best casting choices ever made in any movie. To the studio - Please, please, please, release this in DVD - you won't regret it!  It is an epic masterpiece that just begs for widescreen home theatre! Best regards, Bawko  EDIT:  Many years since I wrote the original review above.  Movie is now available on a Region 1 DVD.  Thanks!
6302968135|5.0|charlie hommies,this is the best film i have ever seen.i borrowed it from a friend and watched it.then i took it to the video shop and made 2 copys of the film.I,ve seen it a good 90 times and i can keep on watching it.i wish they make a part 2 ov the film.i love the sayings they have,&quot;Im gonna ride u punk&quot;.Watch this film once and you'll be watching it everyday believe me its a addiction homes!
B00004Z459|5.0|Linkin Park is a GREAT band! Yes, they are young, but theirmusic is already so grasping and wonderous. I just loved all the songson the album, especially Papercut (#1) and A Place for myHead(#9). All the songs have a great beat as well as melody. I can'twait to buy their next album, whenever it comes out!<br />LINKIN PARKRULES!!!!!!
B00005ASQ1|5.0|This movie is more than a coming of age movie, with a famous actor used to draw in movie goers.  This movie was funny and highly enjoyable.  Sean connery does a wonderful job playing a famous writer who disapeared from public eye after a huge success.  He mentors a young boy, Jamal, after he finds his journals, filled with Jamal's writings.  At the same time Jamal starts attending a privet school, and faces the prejudices from teachers who don't believe a kid from the projects sould be in such a elite school.  He must prove himself to his new peers, teachers,  mentor, and to himself.  I really enjoyed this book, both for its funny parts, and its emotional ones.
B00003CWL6|1.0|I stopped seeing movies since this one. Of all the Oscar winners, this is definitely the worst in my opinion.
B000056K04|5.0|My friend bought this cd for me, as I was a little hesitant to get it myself.  Why?  Probably because the pairing of Dave Matthews and Glen Ballard doesn't seem right.  I enjoy Ballard's work with Alanis Morissette, but overall I find his production to be too much.  Anyway, I found the end result of this pairing to be great.  While there are no ten minute songs, this album has more passion then DMB's previous efforts.  Maybe I am stupid for thinking so, but that's what I get out of this record.  The Space Between is beautiful, as is Mother Father and If I Had It All.  For Dave's next album he should work with Steve Lillywhite again.  At least we won't have to hear Glen Ballard's overblown keyboard work.  Other than that, this album is great.
B0000524E5|4.0|All the reviews said bad acting but beautiful women. I think both were great. This movie is based on a girl that wants to be a singer but has terrible stage fright. She goes to work in a bar, &quot;Coyote Ugly&quot; and this is where the beautiful women come in. They get their money by dancing on the bar. She makes the cut, but then has to make up $300 to stay. She does it and also makes her first singing appearance here. There is also the love story that is tangled in. She gets caught up with a guy that says he's a producer, but he isn't. But they make up and end up together. Despite her fathers disagreements, she continues to stive for her goal to be a singer. She ends up with the guy and the ability to sing on stage in a happy ending. Overall, this is a very sexy movie with an interesting plot, including Leanne Rimes giving a private concert at the bar. The dancing and singing is great and I recommend this as a good date movie.
B000000WF0|5.0|Back in 1997 this album was back there with Radiohead's OK Computer on  every single editor's list (&amp; if I'm not mistaken was chosen best of 1997 by  NME) &amp; I couldn't see why. After I got back to it three + a half years later I  sure could. The Verve's Urban Hymns gracefully combines simplicity with  intricacy, i.e. the melodies &amp; lyrics are uncomplicated &amp; straightforward- The  kind you'd expect to hear from singer/songwriters of Bob Dylan's or Jim  Morrison's ilk; Whereas the instrumentations are complex &amp; meaty, cramfull  with dense, Oasislike guitars (Most discernible on &quot;The Rolling People&quot;, &quot;Neon  Wilderness&quot; &amp; &quot;Come On&quot;) or exquisite, picturesque strings (&quot;Sonnet&quot;, &quot;The  Drugs Don't Work&quot;, &quot;Lucky Man&quot;, &quot;One Day&quot;). The album's first single &quot;Bitter  Sweet Symphony&quot; is incontrovertibly one of the best songs (&amp; videos) of the  1990's, however this song isn't the album's signature track- There's a whole lot  more to it. This album is haunting without being turgid, soothing without  being tedious &amp; romantic without an iota of kitsch. Go buy it. NOW. Oh, &amp;  the sleeve is really great too.
B000059R8Y|5.0|Simply elegant.  As he has aged, he has mellowed to the texture and taste of Glenlivet.  Looking for something new?  Listen to &quot;Reptile&quot; and ask yourself, &quot;When was the last time I heard Clapton play a samba?&quot;  The entire CD is magical.
B000001FDQ|4.0|This is his best album in my opinion, tracks like Black Star and Icarus Dream Suite are very catchy.  This album inspired many people to pick up a guitar and play. Word of warning though, the tracks with singing are quite appalling. Its still nowhere near as good as Jason Beckers Perpetual Burn - oh my God that guy is something special, there'll never be another
B00003CXE6|2.0|I don't know what all the hooplah is with Gladiator. The fight scenes? COuldn't have been the fight scenes, the camera was shaky, much of the deaths were off screen, and, did I mention, the camera was shaky?<br />The story? Umm, seems to me just like your typical revenge type story strung together with the Gladiator battles to keep your attention along with some incest.<br />Ah, the lovely scenery. Nope, just bland dark muddy colours here. They don't reflect the theme much either, even good events take place in front of hideous backdrops.<br />Maybe, Russel Crowe's acting. Some of his lines are compelling, while others are bleak, empty and hollow.<br />I nearly fell asleep between action scenes, which ultimately diminished into hand to hand battle. I didn't care how the movie ended, all I cared about was when. I yearned for another battle like the chariot one, but it never came. I yearned to see an umpredictable ending, but didn't. This movie failed to deliver in almost every category. <br />But it did have an ample amount of gore...is that why people liked it? Blood may keep some people held, and blind them from a boring story and 1 dimensional characters, but not me.
B0000508U6|5.0|Thank god for ...! I, too, was up late one night, channel-surfing, when I came across the wonderful video for &quot;Yellow,&quot; with lead singer Chris Martin simply staring cheerfully into the camera as it tracks him across a beach in the twilight. I immediately made a note of the band, the song, and the album it was on, and resolved to purchase it as soon as I could. Sure enough, I did--along with a Garbage album I had been trying to get for eons, and Dante Alighieri's immortal &quot;Inferno.&quot; From beginning to end, I cannot truthfully say that there was not a single moment on the album that I did not like. It's refreshing to hear an earnest band again, after the Smashing Pumpkins broke up last year, and with other such bands on the wane. From the poignant, orchestral &quot;Spies&quot; to the dry cynism of &quot;Don't Panic&quot; to the sunny-eyed optimism of &quot;Yellow&quot; and the drippy (but never forced) piano balladry of &quot;Trouble,&quot; this is a beautiful album.
B00003CX8J|1.0|This movie was many things, attrocious, bad, boring, stupid...etc. But it wasn't really Xmen. Sabretooth looked horrible and they made fun of Wolverines old getup! <br />Another thing that fries me is how the director of this film made the Canadians all look like yahoos that only give a damn about cage wrestling and beer. <br />The story has something to do with Magneto making some super crazy thing that will turn everyone into mutants. How? Beats me. <br />Once you get by the hour of talk and small spars in between scenes (where the characters seem to defy all laws of gravity) you get &quot;the big fight&quot;. I heard someone from the film talk about &quot;the big fight&quot; at the end, and had trouble figuring out which one it was; or, if there even was one.<br />In the end we have two mutants fly into the water, and Magneto captured. What the ending lacks, however, is an ending. We are given cliffhangers, and are to assume that there is to be a sequel. I don't want to see it. The director, writers and producers should have done a better job polishing up the first one, instead of setting up for a second. <br />The movie will not be a bust. Xmen fans were probably camping out to see this, and probably were disappointed, as I was. And there are sure to be some more diehard fans out there for the sequel. And maybe that is the only thing saving this film, is it's liscense. Had this been characters we didn't know, it no doubt would have failed miserably. But because we are familiar with Wolverine, Rogue, Cyclops and the rest, some feel they have to, and some do, give it credit.<br />I don't.
B000056N8X|4.0|This was a great movie (it's not a cinematic masterpiece or anything, but I enjoyed it).  The theatrical version wasn't bad I guess, but the changes they made to it for the DVD version make it much better, in my opinion.  The story is a lot deeper in Endgame than the previous two movies (maybe even the first movie, its story was pretty straightforward), the fight scenes were great and the special effects were also pretty darn good.<br />Now, Endgame isn't a perfect movie, it has its flaws.  The main things I had a problem with were the pacing, the movie was way too fast and very short; but the added scenes somewhat make up for that.  Some of the series continuity (I'm not even gonna mention the previous movies, this takes place in the series universe alone) is kind of messed up though: Duncan said he hadn't seen Connor in 10 years (since 1990), but Connor was in the first episode of the series (1992).  Now, I'm not one to nitpick, they could easily say that the series started in 1990 or something, so I don't really think this is a big deal.<br />Also, I noticed some dubbing at the beginning of the movie.  Duncan asked Connor if he would be all right, that was obviously a totally different voice, and the words didn't even match his mouth movements.  I wish I could figure out why they dubbed that line (unless it's explained in the commentary, which I didn't listen to).  But that's no biggy either.<br />The thing that *really* got to me was what they did to the JVC sign at the rooftop scene.  They tried to digitally wipe that sign out of the scene, but most of the time it was either a nasty-looking red/white blur or a hazy gray blur, and it really took away from some of the emotion of that scene.  I personally think they fix that someday, that's one of my favorite parts of the movie.<br />Now, on to the good stuff.  I already mentioned the story was much deeper and more focused than previous movies (something the series was usually good at).  The fight scenes were really great, fast and action-packed.  The performances were also good; Kell's four henchmen (minus Kate/Faith) weren't bad considering the screentime and lack of lines they had, Lisa Barbuscia (Kate/Faith) also did well in my opinion, her character is interesting and I'd like to see her in a future Highlander movie; Christopher Lambert did pretty good, he did a good job displaying the emotional torment Connor was going through, but I thought his performance was kind of lacking for some reason; Bruce Payne (Kell)...well, Bruce Payne didn't do too bad, he kinda overplayed his role in a lot of scenes I think, and he didn't seem as menacing as he should have (to me anyway); and finally, Adrian Paul.  Adrian Paul is, in my humble opinion, great.  I know lots of purists think that Lambert is the only Highlander and nothing will ever change that, but Adrian Paul is a much better actor and, let's face it, a far superior swordsman compared to Lambert.  Paul makes the fight scenes even more exciting and he is a lot better at portraying the emotional core that Highlander has always been about.<br />The DVD is pretty loaded with extras, but it's not really bursting at the seams with 'em.  That's okay though, DVDs are more about the movies than the extra features.  The picture quality is good (except for that intentionally blurred JVC sign I mentioned), and the sound is good as well.  All in all, this is a pretty cool DVD to add to your collection, and the movie is a worthy addition to the Highlander saga.
B000056MOD|3.0|Which is sad since a movie should be far above a tv series standards. It should have a bigger budget, better writers, and a plot. This one was so all over the place. The movie I saw in theaters wasn't bad. It wasn't great by any means... but it wasn't bad. Adrian Paul and Christopher Lambert were still in top form, but there was a lot of umph missing. It didn't have that, movie...action/suspence hold your breath feeling. I felt like I was watching the series.<br />What is worse, is the DVD/VHS release. Give us some credit people. do you ever think that maybe some people would hate the new...way to television series corny ending that tore any emotional sincerity the theatrical release had? Don't you think maybe just maybe people liked the movie version better?<br />The added scenes, I can see why they were deleted. Joe had nothing to do with the movie, then he shows up out of nowhere, shoots a guy who is trying to shoot Duncan (Who he wanted to live in the first place so there wouldn't be less immortals...and why didn't he go after Kell who killed more immortals than Duncan if he was going to kill someone) Shoots the guy, says Merry Christmas and is not seen again. It left you saying...duh...Intellegence took a nosedive. Yes its a movie, but give us some credit for wanting it to be clear enough to follow the story...god let it be PART of the story! Just don't add it in to say...&quot;Hey we had Joe in the movie.&quot;<br />The added scenes and the new ending killed any feeling, and rythem the movie had. If you are use to watching the series and haven't seen this in the movie theater...you won't be effeceted. But if you saw the movie version (At least in the US) where the pointless scenes were removed and the emotional ending of Duncan at Connor's grave walking into the sunset with &quot;Bonny Portmore&quot; playing softly in the background...this version isn't for you.<br />I would personally like to ask that the theatrical version be released on video. It was far better.
B000059R8Y|5.0|I enjoyed this album.  As far as Clapton covering a Stevie Wonder song, remember -- Stevie Ray Vaughan covered one, too.  Superstitious.  I doubt anyone would take a jab at that dynamic rendition.  The album reminds me of the unplugged album, somewhat.  There is a good mix of blues/gospel.  It was a good addition to Clapton's impressive collection.  It is head and shoulders about his last CD - Pilgrim.
6305971099|3.0|This movie had &quot;great last movie&quot; written all over it but unfortanately it wasn't.  This movie picks up where 4 left of but unlike 1 and 2 Meyers waits a year before going after heis niece once more.  Its a rutine horror filck but had the set up to be a good horror flick,  but overall it still works.
B000056K04|4.0|The Dave Matthews Band is amazing, simply put.  Whether it be new music, or old music, or live music or acoustic; it doesn't matter.  Everyday is no exception.  The first time I listened to it, I thought, &quot;who IS this and what have you done with Dave?&quot;  I really didn't have an opinion though.  I didn't like it, I didn't hate it, and it CERTAINLY wasn't the DMB I was use to.  However, it has grown on me.  I will never consider it their best album (Under the table and dreaming has that hands down) and I do admit to missing his acoustic guitar (live at luther college is my favorite dave cd), but Everyday does have it's good points.  To the fans who hate Everyday, perhaps even loathe it...give it chance.  I've always been a huge DMB fan and will continue to be.  Bands DO change, and Everyday does reflect a change.  But there are still elements to it that belong solely to Dave.  Overall, I'd give it 4 stars.
0780626966|5.0|I think that the DVD Collection of the Nightmare series is phenomanal because all the technical asspects of the films are better.   Also the extra stuff you get in this  set  is excellent (I think) you get an dictonary among other things.  Overall  I think this is a must have set by most people becuase you not only get all 7 movies, the quality of the movies are excellent.   If you like horror movies,  I strongly suggest that you get this set of movies.
630441403X|5.0|Out of all the movies I have seen, this one is probably my favorite. It is not a Hollywood formula movie, no automatic happy ending. The acting is great (look at the difference between Elizabeth Shue's acting here and in The Hollow Man, it's like night and day, she is horrible in the Hollow Man but great in Las Vegas, the Hollywood phoney effect I call it). Some of the critics say it to depressing, let me tell you life is not Arnold whats his name hanging out of Jet airplanes in the middle of the city. This movie is real life and it is refreshing to see such a great movie get made and why didn't this movie win the Academy Award?
6305546789|4.0|This is a classic horror film,  John Carpenter(director)  did an excellent job  setting the atmosphere  and energy of this film,  and lets the killings be a little more realistic than imagination.  This is one of the first films of its kind that would have a killer going after teen-aged kids, but even though  it isn't where the teen-agers get killed because they are stupid but beacuse Micheal Meyers out smarts them.  Halloween isn't a perceft film but is defenitaly a great film,  a good movie to own and watch.
B000000WG4|5.0|After touring with Kevin Ayers and other assorted Liggers, Mike Oldfield decided to branch out on his own, becoming the first artist to single handedly give the concept of one man band a good name. After an album recorded under the name \\"Sallangie\\" in 1968 with his sister, his next album tends to reflect a more pastoral texture, with the seminal Tubular Bells (73) helping to launch Richard Branson and Virgin Records onto the International scene. \\"But what of the music I hear you Yelp. Well, there's fast bits, &amp; slow bits, orgasmic bits &amp; passive bits, heavy stuff &amp; loose stuff, twiddly music, gobbledegook, fiddly jigs, lots of swishing, no out of tune singing, in fact no singing, but they talk too much, there's a Jabberwock, a highland fling, and it's great to do exorcisms too. Mike Oldfield composed it, arranged it, produced it, and played all the instruments including, the grand piano, farfisa organ, bass guitar, taped motor drive amplifier organ chord, (bet I could paw one of them) speed guitar, African Bong, Assorted Percussion, (what's he do buy them by the quarter pound) the Flageolet (that's what it says here) a Glocken spiel, two silly slightly distorted guitars, guitars sounding like bagpipes (why not just get some bagpipes?) Concert Tympani, uncle Tom Cobblie and all, plus of course Tubular Bells. Does it all make sense now?? Actually it's devastating, so just add it to your collection &amp; try &amp; work out what's going on where. Mott the Dog.
0789723107|5.0|This book starts out explaining that it is not for usability professionals, but rather for beginners.  Therefore, it appeared to me that a lot of the book was common sense (hence the title).  However, from the difficulties we all experience on web sites it is very apparent that common sense often gets lost somewhere in the process.  <br />The book details the design process -- giving before and after examples -- and then continues through usability testing and gives examples of how to conduct a test.  Above all else, the book forces you to focus on your end user.  It was a very easy read and one that provided useful arguments for clients. In fact, I wish all of my clients would read this!  It is presented in a very clear and concise manner and the book design itself practices its own usability principles.  <br />In summary, this book is great for anyone involved in the design process who has not already read ten other usability books.  Although, even if you have, it is a great reference when you need to explain your design arguments and need for usability testing  to clients in plain English.  It is also helpful to smaller design firms who do not have the ability to employ usability testers.  It gives a good overview and plan of how to conduct the tests on your own.
B000002U9L|5.0|I cant tell you how excited I was to find this cd! I have the movie (that took a while to find!), and now the cd to go with it. This was my favorite childhood movie (I'm now 17), and I used to watch this every time my aunt would baby sit us. I still watch it at least once a month. If you liked the movie, and are thinking about getting the cd, listen to it here online. It is actually so much better than what they have time to show you here. This is a perfect gift (even better if they have the movie), for anyone who likes stuff like 'the muppet show,' the old t.v. show 'fraggle rock,' books like 'where the wild things are,' and any of Jim Henson's other movies. This is a great show for parents to sit and watch with their children; its exciting enough for both to like it. It has all of the ingredients kids want in a movie: a good story line, a brave young girl setting out on an adventure; monsters (but not too scary), a whole bunch of interesting muppet-like characters; and my personal favorite, the fox-dog looking 'knight,' Sir Dittimus. The story takes you through a maze full of twists, turns, and surprises; a goblin city; a smelly swamp; a jungle with 'fire monsters,' and the goblin king's own castle. This is a great movie for kids, and the cd is great for at home, or long car rides. If you're thinking of getting it, I can promise that most aren't disappointed with it. 14 years later, I still like it.
0375500901|4.0|I too, have read all of Daniel Silva's books and while I very much enjoyed this one, it somehow lacked the flow of The Marching Season or The Mark of the Assassin. Perhaps it is because of the subject matter, i.e. Middle East peace or the lack thereof. There are wheels within wheels on both sides of the issue and to explain that to a reader in a manner which still holds one's attention, probably explains the somewhat less than frantic pace of the action in this book. There are facinating insights into the working of the mind of Yassir Arafat and there is some interesting philosophy shared among the Israeli participants as well. I actually turned down the corner on page 75 where Ari Shamron, an Israeli spymaster tells Gabriel Allon, the assasin he has brought back into service, &quot;All right, if you want my opinion, I believe we will be no more secure after a peace deal than before it. If you want my opinion, I believe the fire in the Palestinian heart will never be extinguished until the Jews are driven into the sea....I would much rather do battle with a sworn enemy than with an enemy who finds expediency in posing as a friend.&quot; I happen to believe there is more truth in those words than in all of the posturing that came out of the Clinton peace process which ended with one of the participants being voted out of office. So with patience and clear character development, Silva weaves us through the passions and terror of the Middle East which spreads its effect throughout the globe. You will learn from reading this book and you will be well entertained. Not a bad combination!
0679879269|5.0|I've read The Golden Compass and The Subtle Knife but Phillip Pullman's third book, The Amber Spyglass, is something completely different. It was wonderful and horrible all at the same time and evoked in me emotions in a way I didn't know a book could. Because of Pullman's mystical and ensnaring style, you don't feel for the characters, but with them, through them. The end is especially amazing. However, it is not for everyone, for if you aren't able to see or feel all there is in this book, you'll be quite let down. I'd recommend taking the risk.
B000002BUY|5.0|Music as I see it today is built by followers and renegades. People who will go above what every top 40 radiostation will play and invent themselves an unprecidented style. While some bands seem to strugle to find a sound(I think Deftones found what they were looking for last year), others can make there own style within their first couple of albums(Smashing Pumpkins, Tool, Soul Coughing and Dub Pistols are the groups jumping out at me). Incubus is another band that has acomplished this. And enjoyed comercial success as well.<br /> For those who are familiar with Make Yourself, I believe that it might come as a suprise that Incubus used to have a really spastic, spacy funk sound. Rather than mellow sounds of songs like Drive and Pardon Me, you get intense songs like Vitamin and Certain Shade Of Green. But I think on thing that seperates these guys from per say, Slipknot(other than the lack of Corey screaming at the top his lungs), is their lyrics can be quite intellegeble while still keeping that quirkyness that makes SCIENCE such a great album to listen to.<br /> From the heavy basslines of New Skin, to the almost lounge sound Anti-Gravity Love Song, there is not one part of the CD that I can find fault with. Its well crafted but not overly produced(big problem among bands today). Overal, almost anything I say here couldn't do this CD the justice it deserves. The drums, the guitars, bass, vocals, even the turntables of all things, never feel out of place. If there is any complaint I have, is that it ends too early. If this CD was AEnima length, I could still listen to all the way through(I can do that with AEnima too).<br /> Incubus basically takes some elements of what is popular right now, does a little spin on them, and makes them their own. Quite an acomplishment for only being their second full length CD. One can only hope to see something of this quality in the future from these high-caliber musicans.
0679879269|5.0|Yes, I know that you don't find out what happens to Lyra and Will. Yes, I know that people in this book  plot to overthough an infallible God. And, yes, I know you want to know so much more than The Amber Spyglass tells you. But that's the point! We are just like Lyra and Will, never knowing what will happen, but left to hope and wonder at our own devices for the rest of our lives. It makes us, the readers, feel insignificant in the twisted scheme of fate and future. But, yes, that is what makes this book so amazing and special.
B00000163G|5.0|It's hard to talk about this album when theirs so many good things to say about it 2pac is my favorite rapper and he was the first rapper i listened to when i started listen to music with profane language. Im only 15 years old so  i have alot of living to do but if i die tonight i can honestly say that this album is THE GREATEST rap album that has ever been recorded. Tupac put his sweat tears pain and anger into this album and the outcome is incredible it was on Jet's top 20 list from its release date ftil 6 weeks after he died. Thats about 7 or 8 months thats incredible. Tupac is and always will be the greatest rapper of all time this album is phenomenal with song's like Thug passion, Heaven Aint hard 2 Find, No More Pain, and What's ya Phone #. He uses beats from the new and old school. If a new 2pac album comes out I can go get it withought any question of weather it's good or not and I can't do that with any other rapper I'd have to listen to my friends cd first. But i give this Cd on a scale of 1 to 5 a 100 thats how good it is. And if you like this cd then you will like his other cd's: Makaveli The 7 day Theory, Thug Life, Greatest Hits, R U Still Down, 2pac and the Outlawz and the new cd that will be released on March 27th 2001 Until The End Of time i've already heard it and i can honestly say that this cd is almost as good as All Eyez On Me on my scale Until The End Of Time gets a 99.
B000003TA4|5.0|Well, this album has reached legend status and it's only been out for little under 10 years. Some say it's overrated, but this is a excellant album and you better belive the hype. The band wasn't really happy with the production, but this is what brought Nirvana into the mainstream, fueled by the Top 10 hit (reached #6)and &quot;anthem of Generation X&quot;, &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit.&quot; When you pop this album in and listen to it, the first thing you will here is the opening riff of &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit.&quot; This was the main reason I bought Nevermind back in 1995. I creamed my pants the first time I heard it. &quot;Teen Spirit&quot; is making fun of the idea of trying to start a revolution and that's what in fact did...start a revolution. Then, comes &quot;In Bloom.&quot; This song is a real sing along. It's about all of Nirvana's false fans (&quot;he's the one, who likes all are pretty songs and he likes to sing along and he likes to shoot his gun, but he knows not what it means.&quot;) Then, comes another Top 40 hit(reached #32), &quot;Come As You Are.&quot; This is one of my personal favorite's. This song is basically about accepting people's differences. A great song! Next up is &quot;Breed.&quot; This song has one of the best intros ever, even better then, &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit.&quot; Next, comes my favorite song of all time, &quot;Lithium.&quot; This is a powerful song, nough said. Next, &quot;Polly.&quot; This shows Kurt's songwriting genoius. &quot;Polly&quot; has a cool bass solo. Then, &quot;Territoral Pissings.&quot; This is a classic punk rock track. Done in one take and has great lyrics with very deep meaning. Kurt's favorite song &quot;Drain You&quot; is next. Probably the greatest song that never became a hit. Cool lyrics, cool bridge, just cool all around. &quot;Lounge Act&quot; follows up that great song. This shows the pop side of Nirvana. This would be a hit if it was released today. Number 10 is &quot;Stay Away.&quot;Some cool lyrics like &quot;Monkey see, monkey do/ rather be dead then cool/ every line ends in rhyme/ less is more love is blind&quot; and &quot;Stay away!!! God is Gay!!!&quot; Next, is &quot;On A Plain.&quot; Very catchy song. Then, there is &quot;Something In The Way.&quot; This is about when Kurt was homeless and living under the Aberdeen, Washington bridge. This album has been put of there with classic Beatles and Led Zepplin albums. Nirvana themselves have been compared to those bands and the Cobain/Lennon comparisons are very true. This album was cool back in 1991 and is still cool in 2001 and continue to be influential. So, buy it, you won't be dissapointed. <br />Kurt Donald Cobain      1967- 1994 R.I.P. Nirvana                 1987- Forever
B00003CXSO|3.0|The talented Mr Ridley has created cinematic masterpieces, both visually and spiritually in which true heroes battled evil. The films left the viewer feeling inspired by the compassion and courage that human beings can show when facing terrifying threats. These compelling film masterpieces are &quot;Legend,&quot; in which Tom Cruise, in his first movie role, battled the Devil to save his betrothed;  &quot;Blade Runner,&quot; in which Harrison Ford battled his own evil; and &quot;Alien,&quot; in which Sigourney Weaver fought an alien dragon.  In all these morally lucid and visually captivating films the heroes won against the beasts.  Then apparently Ridley Scott decided to try to beat another beast (Hollywood) at its own commercial game by showing that Mr Scott, too, can draw the masses' dollars to the Colliseum of Hollywood's usual violent, inhumane fare. In &quot;Hannibal&quot; Mr Scott used his prodigious  talents to make a hero out of Hannibal, the Devil; and to muddy the message of the battle against evil by having the Devil save the heroine Clarice. Mr Ridley Scott has used his unique and exquisite sense of beauty to make the cruelty of Hannibal &quot;palatable.&quot;  The dark aspects of the Hollywood dream machine have found their new knight.
B0000067X1|5.0|Not only is this album lightyears ahead of it's time, it's a timeless classic as well. One of the things that made CAN so influential is that they were aforded the luxury of owning their own recording studio. Therefore, they could experiment without time constraints. Of all the songs,the opener, &quot;Paperhouse&quot; is the only one that sounds remotley dated for it's lyrics about mind expansion (not the fresh subject it was then) which take nothing away from the ambience of the music. &quot;Mushroom&quot; predates the punk movement but sounds fresh today thanks to Jaki Leibeziet's post modern style of drumming.&quot;Oh Yeah&quot; is a tour de force complete with backwards drummming, trippy organ, crisply recorded rain/thunder sound effects and -like all songs on the album- the emotional no holds barred vocal delivery of Damo Suzuki in Japenese, which makes the album all the more mind blowing. Who cares what he's singing about?! Most mind blowing of all, however, are &quot;Augnm&quot; and &quot;Peking O&quot;. I'll bet everyone a can of okraschoten that these tracks greatly influenced Pink Floyd. Admittedly, these two numbers are arty, strange, and self-idulgent, but I'm tired of reviewers thinking that these are bad words. They are not. In Can's case they are the ingredients for some of the greatest avant-garde music ever recorded. Stockhausen would be proud. As for the final number, &quot;Bring Me Coffee or Tea&quot; play it during the crepuscle hours of sunset and you will truly see the light.
B000050IMG|1.0|I'm sorry but this movie is a very poor movie in my opinion. The problem lies in that they are trying to spoof so many films and in doing so they forget one thing - it should be funny!<br />The jokes come thick and fast, the only problem is that practically all of them are very unfunny. I can only really remember laughing one or two times but for the most part I kept on thinking that it had to get better, it's a pity it didn't, it just got worse.<br />The actors seemed laboured at times and the jokes might have worked if they didn't carry them on too long. I mean once you've seen the mask change to a funny face that's okay but to see the mask take on many different expression well that's going a little too far. Most of the jokes or storyline you could see coming a mile away and although that may be okay, you weren't hit with a joke or a punchline that made the obviousness of the joke worth waiting for.<br />It's a pity that this film failed so badly on the comedy front as it could have been so much better. After watching it all I could think of was that there was so many jokes that I had seen before and more importantly the jokes in other movies were that much better arranged.<br />To sum up I would rent this movie before buying it so you can judge for yourself if it's worth adding to your collection. For me I will pass as I've seen everything before and done so much better. If you are looking for a comedy film stick with Blazing Saddles, it may be old and you've probably seen it before but it's still one funny film!
B00000J7RZ|4.0|I really like the first album of Jennifer. I don't like her second album Jlo: there's far too much pop on this album. You can hear that 'on the 6' has many more good songs than 'Jlo' has. The latest album is far too commercial... That's a shame, because I really like her as a singer.
6305648522|5.0|This movie was absolutely wonderful. As an Sicilian, I can truly say that the events and people are realistic. The scenic beauty of the small town and the character of Toto hit my heart strings. Not only was the story touching, but the music score was beautiful. I recommend this film wholeheartedly and urge everyone to buy it.
B000000T01|1.0|The only thing this film has going for it is its sentimental value. This film showcases some of the last great performances of the venerable Keith Moon. Both Moon's fantastic drumming and Daltrey's famous blood-curdling scream on \\"Won't Get Fooled Again\\" are classic pieces of rock history. The likes of which will never be seen again.<br />Keith Moon was not only rock's greatest drummer but he was also one of rock's funny men. Moon always had a quick wit about him and you can see some of that in this film. Unfortunately, you don't see enough of it.<br />Aside from its sentimental value, \\"The Kids Are Alright\\" doesn't have much going for it. The film is choppy and disjointed and its quality leaves something to be desired. If I didn't know better, I'd say Jeff Stein put this film together in his garage.<br />If you're a true Who fan, you may want to rent this video for sentimental reasons. But even then, I'd still be reluctant to rent or buy this movie because it's a BIG disappointment.
B000000H5K|5.0|this is probably my favorite sepultura album, its as good or even better maybe than chaos a.d.  if you like korn, you'll like this.  The best songs are &quot;roots bloody roots,&quot; &quot;ratamahatta,&quot; and &quot;cut-throat.&quot;  Also if you like this buy the soulfly cds, max continues with this style.  this is the last sepultura cd with him.  check out the next sep cds with derrick green, there not that bad.  If you liked chaos ad definitely buy this.
B0000060NF|5.0|Anyone wanting to put together a comprehensive collection of Motown's legendary bassist James Jamerson would face a daunting task. Jamerson probably recorded thousands of songs with the company from the late 1950s through the early 1970s, and many were probably only released as singles (or even on old albums) which are currently impossible to find without putting in hundreds of dusty hours in used record stores. One might cut down the magnitude of the task by starting with the series of \\"Anthology\\" records that were released on the company's most famous artists in 1973 (Supremes, Vandellas, Four Tops, M. Gaye, S. Wonder, Jackson 5, Temptations, G. Knight, Jr. Walker. Miracles, etc.), and subsequently reissued on CD. But if one wanted to sidestep all of that searching and just go for one undeniable Jamerson masterpiece, that person would definitely get Marvin's \\"What's Going On.\\" Besides the fact that this LP happens to be Marvin Gaye's career masterpiece, it is also James Jamerson's shining moment. In fact, Marvin later lamented that he hadn't given Jamerson special mention in the LP credits, considering how much the bassist \\"grooved the thing along.\\" And Gaye is right. One of the most special things about this all-around fantastic set is the way Jamerson brings his advanced jazz sensibility to the blended funk-soul-Latin-gospel grooves of this album. He plays wonderfully inventively from start to finish - never losing the groove, while remaining elastic and highly improvisational in his lines. However, listeners should note that the bass from \\"Mercy Mercy Me\\" through to the end of the album was played by Motown's #2 session bassist in Detroit, Bob Babbitt. And Babbitt sounds excellent as well - it's definitely one of HIS shining moments at Motown. So from a bass perspective, you can't lose with this album!<br />James Jamerson had played straight-ahead jazz in the 1950s before joining Motown, perfected r&b with Motown in the 1960s, and \\"What's Going On\\" finds him adapting his bass mastery to the new Latin-influenced funk styles at the dawn of the 1970s. Shortly after this recording, Motown would relocate to the West Coast and draw on a new cast of studio musicians; many felt that they lost \\"their sound\\" as a result of the move and would never recreate the musical heights they had achieved during the 1960s. So in a sense, this LP is a moving and shining elegy to the greatness of Detroit-era Motown - Marvin Gaye, the \\"Funk Brothers\\" rhythm section, and the electric bass genius of James Jamerson.
630027179X|5.0|This is one of the most exquisite and meaninful movies I have ever seen. Right away our attention is grabbed with the battles between Arthur's father and Cornwall. We also see how sexual lust can overpower logic and reason. (A little foreshadowing of the major dilemma to come!) Arthur's father dies when Arthur is still an infant, and we really don't see Arthur much with his stepfather, but Merlin becomes somewhat of a father figure in Arthur's life. Arthur is a great creation. At first he is a real bumbler, but when he becomes king, he realizes his responsibilities and grows in character; he is as competent as possible when his wife's possible infidelity is brought to his attention; when he sees his wife and best friend together (and vulnerable), he displays EXTREMELY ADMIRABLE CONTROL. To understand this fully, we must realize that it IS NOT JUST the fact that his wife betrayed him, but that his best friend betrayed him as well. (This scene in &quot;Excalibur&quot; makes me FAR LESS UNDERSTANDING of characters in recent media who kill their sexual partners for infidelity.) The 2 scenes where he forgives his wife and Sir Lance A Lot are touching and well done. Neeson's character is incredibly complex. At first, he questions Arthur's eligibility as king; but then he discovers Arthur's courage and accepts him; later, he notices Gwenivere's infidelity and loses popularity, even though he is right; but when everyone realizes his observation was valid, he once again serves Arthur with loyalty. Lance A Lot is superb. First he has major ego; then he becomes a loyal servant of Arthur; with some hesitation, he commits the crime of adultery with Arthur's wife; but he does regret it, and even though he loses his mental health for a while, he repents by serving Arthur in his final moments. Gwenivere's father is a great creation; he offers loyalty to Arthur at a dangerous moment; he gives his daughter in marriage to Arthur; and despite the falling out between Arthur and Gwenivere, he serves Arthur in the final battle. Percible is also a great character. Like Arthur, he is a real bumbler at first, but he gradually rises to the height of a competent, honorable, and vital person. Some may feel Merlin's powers pass plausibility, but I am not sure this is the case. (After all, Moses confronted sorcerers in the Old Testament.) It is almost as if Merlin is an ancient being who realizes that it is time for Christianity to take over. The scenery is well done, and the action is intense without being overdone. The symphony music flatters the movie well. Not only is the intensity of good and evil portrayed magnificently, but the writer shows us the STRENGTHS AND WEAKNESSES of good and evil.
0451526295|5.0|It's been more than a year since I originally reviewed this book, and since then it's been fun to read the war of words between Fanny-defenders and Fanny-bashers; one reviewer says she can't understand this &quot;hate&quot; of Fanny, while another is amazed at the &quot;loathing&quot; Fanny engenders in some readers, and a third admonishes that appreciating Fanny's saintliness takes time and harrumphs, &quot;Fanny upholds what is right, how not to love her?&quot; I have read and reread &quot;Mansfield Park&quot; (it's one of my all-time favorites) and my response regarding Fanny is, &quot;what's to love?&quot;<br />The reviewer who described Fanny as an &quot;odious little priss&quot; hit the nail slam-bang on the head; Fanny is an impossible killjoy.  She is a case of conscience run amok, without any of the tempering graces of understanding or acceptance.  Whatever emotions Fanny engenders, hatred or loathing doesn't come into it; there is not enough in Fanny's character to loathe.  What she engenders in this reader is more like a profound sense of irritation; one wants to grab her by the shoulders, give her a good shake and tell her to lighten up.  Jane Austen's other heroines know how to leaven virtue with common sense and a dash of humor, none more so than Elizabeth Bennet in &quot;Pride and Prejudice&quot;; Fanny acts like she never cracked a joke in her life and wouldn't understand a joke if she heard one, let alone appreciate it.  She is thus a perfect match for her cousin Edmund, who is the most puzzling character in this excellent book.<br />I have never yet come across a sympathetic character in a novel who becomes so thoroughly unsympathetic as Edmund Bertram.  He certainly starts out as likeable enough, as Fanny's champion and protector from her obnoxious aunt Norris.  We can understand and sympathize when he falls in love with Mary Crawford, whose worldly upbringing makes her despise his vocation as a minister.  But Mary is torn between her materialistic ambitions and her genuine affection for Edmund.  She really loves him and appreciates his good qualities, as he is able to love her for hers; he realizes she is shallow and superficial, but she is also loving, kind, generous, open-hearted, and doesn't have a mean bone in her body.  She is &quot;the only woman he could ever want or accept for a wife.&quot;<br />So what happens to blow this whole scenario to bits?  In Edmund's eyes, Mary is insufficiently outraged by the adulterous relationship between her brother and Edmund's married sister.  Edmund is in anguish when Mary says she is disgusted by their stupidity in carrying on the affair.  For him, this proves she is totally without virtue.  But is she really?  Mary may have been as outraged as Edmund was; but where Edmund can only think of retribution, Mary is more concerned with damage control.  Where Edmund insists on divine and temporal punishment and damnation, Mary prefers to try to make the best of a bad situation.  For Edmund, Mary's common sense translates into vice.  From a paragon of virtue, she suddenly becomes a monster of licentiousness.  Edmund drops poor Mary like a hot potato.  He may thus endear himself further to Fanny Price, but he certainly doesn't endear himself to this reader.  Edmund comes across as a sanctimonious prig, more interested in judging people than in trying to understand and forgive.<br />So let the debate continue.  I'm looking forward to reading more opinions pro and con about Fanny Price &amp; Co.; the fundamental fact remains that, whatever you may think of Fanny and the other characters, Jane Austen is one of the greatest writers of all time in any language, and Mansfield Park is her greatest book.c ambitions and her genuine affection for Edmund.  She really loves him and appreciates his good qualities, as he is able to love her for hers; he realizes she is shallow and superficial, but she is also loving, kind, generous, open-hearted, and doesn't have a mean bone in her body.  She is &quot;the only woman he could ever want or accept for a wife.&quot;<br />So what happens to blow this whole scenario to bits?  In Edmund's eyes, Mary is insufficiently outraged by the adulterous relationship between her brother and Edmund's married sister.  Edmund is in anguish when Mary says she is disgusted by their stupidity in carrying on the affair.  For him, this proves she is totally without virtue.  But is she really?  Mary may have been as outraged as Edmund was; but where Edmund can only think of retribution, Mary is more concerned with damage control.  Where Edmund insists on divine and temporal punishment and damnation, Mary prefers to try to make the best of a bad situation.  For Edmund, Mary's common sense translates into vice.  From a paragon of virtue, she suddenly becomes a monster of licentiousness.  Edmund drops poor Mary like a hot potato.  He may thus endear himself further to Fanny Price, but he certainly doesn't endear himself to this reader.  Edmund comes across as a sanctimonious prig, more interested in judging people than in trying to understand and forgive.<br />So let the debate continue.  I'm looking forward to reading more opinions pro and con about Fanny Price &amp; Co.; the fundamental fact remains that, whatever you may think of Fanny and the other characters, Jane Austen is one of the greatest writers of all time in any language, and Mansfield Park is her greatest book.
B000002UUX|5.0|This is one of the best heavy meatle albums I have ever heard. I wonder if 'Metallica' would have still thrown Dave out if they knew he was capable of creating this album. In some ways, this album is ideal thrash meatle. The intensity of 'Rust In Peace' is phenomenal. But yet, the intensity is highly organized. (A rare combination these days!) The songs follow each other well. I am tempted to compare this album to Charles Dickens' &quot;Our Mutual Friend&quot; (1865). In some ways, &quot;Our Mutual Friend&quot; is Dickens' most intense book; the multiple plots are highly organized and woven together; &quot;Our Mutual Friend&quot; certainly reflects Dickens' finest efforts. &quot;Rust in Peace&quot; is one of Dave's most intense works; the songs are organized and woven together well; and this does show Dave's finest efforts. Unlike other groups, Dave DOES NOT give us all noise and profanity with no organization. Dave may very well be one of the most fury orientated artists there is, but he organizes and composes well. This record shows us that even heavy thrash meatle can be well written and flow from one song to the other well.
0486290492|4.0|&quot;Sense and Sensibility&quot; is not as interesting or engrossing a book as Austen's later works; some of the characters are boring, the plot is not especially interesting, nor is the ending altogther satisfying (Marianne and Colonel Brandon are surely one of the oddest of odd couples).  But it's a very good book, promising much better to come, a promise which was abundantly fulfilled in &quot;Pride and Prejudice&quot;.  Marianne's histrionics drove me up the wall.  It took a while for me to realize that Marianne is meant as a caricature; that Austen thinks her as ridiculous as she appears to the reader.  Witness Marianne's rhapsodizing about the fallen leaves at Norwood and Elinor cutting her short with her observation that &quot;not everybody shares your passion for dead leaves.&quot;  Elinor is the more sympathetic and likeable of the two sisters and Austen clearly identifies with her; Elinor's calm, rational sense and balance promises much better for happiness than Marianne's overblown romanticism.  We can see in this first book the emergence of an awesomely talented writer.
B00003CXMG|5.0|Whether you love the music, you love the actors, or you love the story.  There is something that makes this movie directed by Cameron Crowe (Jerry Maguire).  This movie tells the tale of a William Miller who is only 15 years of age, who begins to write for Rolling Stone.  As his first assignment he chooses the rock band Stillwater.  The boy follows on the trip trying to interview the band members: Jason Lee and Billy Crudup play the leads of the band.  The kid reporter is also infatuated with a &quot;band-aid&quot; Penny Lane (Kate Hudson).  As he goes on tour with the band he begins to make friends with all of them and falls in love for the first time.  This is a must own DVD!  Some of the funniest scenes and dialouge that has come along in quite some time.  You can't get any better than this.
B000002MUW|4.0|Madonna's lush R&B and balld 1994 album, and her last album before her \\"Evita\\" singing lessons. And what a way to survive in the hectic 90's! It begins with her self-explanitory dance of \\"Survial,\\" and the other anthem \\"Don't Stop.\\" The sweet, \\"I'd Rather Be Your Lover,\\" \\"Inside Of Me,\\" Forbidden love, and the sad \\"Love Tried To Welcome Me.\\" The mysterious title track \\"Bedtime Story,\\" \\"Sanctuary,\\" and my fav. \\"Secret.\\" Why 4 stars? \\"Human nature,\\" although has a good sound to it, Parents beware; warning, it has cuss words...Finally, closing the album, the ballad-and song I first heard from her, the good-by, haunting, heart-moving \\"Take a bow,\\" which really proves to her criticks that she can really sing. Beautiful, sensual, romantic and relaxing, this is quite a bed-time story for anytime.
B00004SZWD|5.0|The most insightful, incredible album I have ever heard.  Stevie further subdues me into his music with this 2 cd album.  One of the amazing things about this album is that all these songs still can and do apply to things in our everyday life and that is one incredible feet for an album nearing 30 years old.  Superb songwriting and musicianship makes this album a totally and utterly must have essential in any collection regardless of you liking Stevie Wonder's music or not.  A few songs to check out on this album: Village Ghetto Land, Knocks me off my Feet, Summer Soft, As, Black man, and I Am Singing...but all songs are precious
B000002N3J|5.0|Ballads can be a true test to an artist's talent, and Madonna proves her talent with this 1995 ballad comilation. Taken from albums &quot;Like A Virgin&quot;(remix 8), &quot;True Blue&quot;(7), &quot;Like A Prayer&quot; (13), &quot;Erotica&quot;(12), and &quot;Bedtime Stories&quot;(3, 10). Also from singles (1, 4, 9, 11, 14), and soundtrack singles: 2(from &quot;With honors&quot;), 6(from &quot;A league of their own&quot;), and 5( from &quot;Vision Quest). I love these beautiful songs, 5 being my fave., and I hope you enjoy them too.
B00004YW6I|5.0|There is something about this woman. Three days ago I got this CD. Two days ago I got her album \\"To Bring you my Love.\\" And now I got her debut, \\"Dry.\\" In these times of pop sensations and manipulative media, finding an artist as consumated as Ms. Harvey is something of a shock. The shock that there is music out there which, though low in profile, can compete with the best of them. Thanks for bringing us your love, PJ.
B000002L6P|5.0|Madonna's sophmore, and break-through album, turned her from stardom to super-stardom, that blasted her career through the roof. Beautiful, better vocal effort than her self-titled debut, and less nasally. Regardless of what her criticks say, Madonna has a beautiful, heavenly soprano voice. This album is dedicated to the virgins of the world. And remember something about &quot;track-fillers&quot;:what may be a track-filler to you, may be an inspiration to another. Beginning with the real cutesy, fun &quot;Material Girl,&quot;(3:56), which earned her the nick name. The real sweet &quot;Angel,&quot;(3:53), the anthem title track (3:35), the motivational &quot;Over and over&quot; (4:09). A fantastic cover of Rose Royces &quot;Love don't live hear anymore (4:45), and the danceable hit &quot;Dress you up&quot; (3:58). The real sweet, oldies-sounding &quot;Shoo-Bee-Doo&quot;(5:14) whch she wrote herself. Then the danceable &quot;Pretender&quot; (4:28), which, like the rest, sounds great for weddings, ect. Then closing the album, is the danceable &quot;Stay&quot; (4:04), which is great.
6305842442|5.0|Most think the scene of a unicorn in the Director's Cut is &quot;idiotic&quot; ... people, you have to *watch* the movie -- especially with the narrative missing!  One of &quot;them&quot; waiting for Decker makes a little unicorn from aluminum -- thus hinting that &quot;they&quot; know what Decker is thinking ... which in turn indicates that Decker himself might not be human.  There are other scenes which hint to that ... The depth of the whole movie is unbelievable.
B000002SYG|5.0|Although simple, but great compilation of Culture Club hits from the &quot;10 best series,&quot; where they take an artist's 10 best hits. All these songs, except for the single, the sweet, heart-moving &quot;Time (clock of the heart), are a collection from all their 80's albums. Their chirpy, cheerful hit &quot;I'll tumble 4 ya,&quot; and their heart-touching ballad &quot;Do you really want to hurt me?,&quot; are from their 1982 debut &quot;Kissing to be clever.&quot; The smash hit, multi-platinum chirpy country-like &quot;Karma Chameleon,&quot; smooth rocker &quot;Miss me blind,&quot; R&amp;B tribute &quot;Church of the poison mind,&quot; inspirational hit &quot;It's A Miracle,&quot; and haunting ballad &quot;Victims&quot; are from their 1983 sophmore, and most successful album &quot;Colour by numbers.&quot; Their least popular hit &quot;The War song,&quot; was from their unsuccessful 1984 3rd album, &quot;Waking up with the house on fire,&quot; which was the beginning of their dramatic downfall. And the gospel-choir sound of &quot;Move Away,&quot; which was supposed to be their comeback from their 1986 4th album &quot;From Luxury to Heartache.&quot; The front cover of the CD is just a sheet of paper, and the CD does not have time length for each song. Though a nice introduction to new listeners, I recommend their compilation &quot;At worst...the best of Boy George and Culture Club,&quot; with the exception of &quot;The War Song,&quot; I heard all these from. Or you can try the albums. And so, enjoy Culture Club.
B000000XB9|5.0|&quot;Creedence Clearwater Revival&quot; is my favorite 60's rock group. Their songs are so familiar to a lot of people, and they are timeless. This CD has all their greatest hits, including &quot;Lodi&quot;, &quot;Proud Mary&quot;, Bad Moon Rising&quot;, &quot;Fortunate Son&quot;, and &quot;Who'll Stop The Rain?&quot;. My favorite of the group's songs is &quot;Down On The Corner&quot; because it's got an upbeat tone and fun lyrics to it, and it reminds me of the song &quot;Spirit In The Sky&quot; [which I know CCR didn't sing]. Rock'n'Roll is my favorite kind of music, and this classic rock group is the best of the best! John Fogerty is a great singer and lyricist. His songs with CCR are classics from the 60's and will forever be in my heart.
0375703764|1.0|Holy Logorrhea, Batman! This twaddle is vacuous navel-gazing disguised as the latest in postmodern brilliance. Is it possible to give a negative number of stars to a review? Brain-suckingly vapid! I'll take Stephen King ANY DAY OF THE WEEK!
B000056K04|5.0|I see a lot of old school DMB fans are not pleased with this album.  I agree it's different than the previous releases.  I like the extended jams and ecclectic mix just as much as any other DMB fan.  However, the songs on the new disc seem just as heartfelt and have the musical integrity which is why I'm a fan.  I like the fact that the music is different from past efforts.  Many people complain when their favorite band releases the same album time after time.  DMB should not be faulted for trying to &quot;mix it up&quot;.
078322608X|5.0|I like movie!  Excellent!  Blow mind!  Not for those who are conservative in loving and appreciating art!  But it is for those who believe that reality is highly subjective!<br />Not for you if you like singularities!<br />But if you are like me a postmodernist, then this film is for you, because it is a different film each time you see it!<br />Amazing!
B000003TA4|5.0|Yeah this CD is excellent, but I really want to know when a box set is gonna be released!  That would totally rule.  Maybe do it like the Stevie Ray one, with 4 CD's and a DVD, yeah I'd buy that!
B000002UB3|5.0|How can you not possibly own this album?! Hard-rocking, great harmonizing (&quot;Because&quot;), and fantastic medleys to &quot;End&quot; it all. Buy this album if you even, for a second, consider yourself a Beatles fan!
B000059MEK|3.0|this album has more kitsch appeal than actual listening value.  sounds like a collaboration between eiffel 65 and tangerine dream.  the retro sound is intended but loses it charm after a few listens.  <br />the raw beat box sound of 'homework' has given way to eurodiscocheese.
B000002UB3|5.0|Fantastic album. How can you not possibly own this?! Buy it today! Hard-rocking, great ballads and harmonizing. Finished off with terrific medleys.
0812550757|5.0|I thought this book was great even though it was a 180 degree turn-around from Ender's Game.
0452282152|5.0|What a fine, fine novel this is! It is a fictious account of the family of Vermeer, the Dutch master who painted luminous, sunlit portraits of people caught in a moment. Seeing a Vermeer painting is to enter another world through a magical peephole. This book is similar. It is not large, it is not populated on a grand scale with princes, kings and battles.<br />Author Chevalier brilliantly puts a story to one of Vermeer's paintings, that of a young woman with a pearl earring, her hair wrapped in a swath of blue and yellow cloth. The theme is jealousy, sometimes over the petty. The story makes you turn time and time again back to the cover to look at the painting, each in a new light depending on the events in the story.<br />The novel really centers on Griet, a daughter of a tile painter who is injured in a kiln accident, is sent to work at Vermeer's house. She must please the head housekeeper, Vermeer's wife, her young daughters and her formidable but sympathetic mother, and of course Vermeer himself. Life in the Holland of Vermeer is portrayed, the seething jealousies, the stark life of the rich versus the common people and the world of Vermeer's art all come together on a fascinating canvas.
0944379044|5.0|This book should have been read as a sign, read it now as a warning.  In it's pages, all the grotesque unreality and empty claptrap that is evil manifests itself.  Page after meandering page, untruth uncoils itself in missives of hate.  It's all here - extreme, virulent racism, self idolatry, the thirst for domination and revenge.  People ask how the Holocaust and all the other violent bloodshed unleashed by Hitlerite hate could have happened:  after reading this book, you will know that once it's malevolent author seized power, it was inevitable.  Has humankind learned it's terrible lesson?
B000002UW1|4.0|If you are a big REM fan you need this album for one song, &quot;Disturbance at the Heron House&quot;.  One of their finest moments, this song is a perfect combination of melody and urgency.  Beyond that song this album is hit or miss.  Everyone knows &quot;End of the World&quot;, and it's on the radio all the friggin' time, so if you are only interested in that one song and nothing else than save your money.  If you want half an albums worth of great early REM, than get this album.  This may be there most political album, so that keeps things interesting, but several tracks just aren't that good.  The good stuff is very good though, more raw than Green, but not as consistent as Life's Rich Pageant or their first two albums.  &quot;Exhuming McCarthy&quot;, &quot;Welcome To The Occupation&quot;, &quot;King of Birds&quot;, and &quot;Disturbance...&quot; are classics, and &quot;The One I Love&quot;, &quot;End Of The World&quot;, and &quot;Finest Worksong&quot; are some of their more well known early songs.  A solid album, if not their best.
B00004Z459|5.0|I have to admit, I wasn't too sure about buying this album. Sure, I loved &quot;One Step Closer&quot; and the B-Sides, but I've never really been into this type of music.<br />Well, I am now SO glad I ended up buying it, because it has quickly become one of my favourite albums EVER. All the tracks rock, but the most catchy ones that you will have in your head all day are &quot;Papercut&quot;, &quot;With You&quot; and &quot;In The End&quot;.<br />Definately buy this album.
0767903854|5.0|A fantastic book - as an Aussie I can only say its all true and I personally could not have explained Australia, its culture, weird /wonderful ways and  predators any better! Its wonderfully written and all so true!  Bill Bryson brings it all across so well - my only problem was keeping my laughter down to a minimum on my morning and evening treks (by train) to work when reading this book as I beat off the moths ....
B000059R8Y|3.0|This is a solid album, but I have come to expect more from Clapton due to the greatness of his past 4-5 releases.  In my opinion, this album strays a little from the more traditional blues sound he has incorporated into his more recent work and it suffers as a result.  There are about 4 real solid tracks on the album, and Billy Preston's piano and keyboard work really add a special element to these songs.  However, some tracks are really unlistenable and take away from the experience.  You wont regret buying this, but there are better Clapton discs around.
B00003CX7L|5.0|I the first Toy Story. It was such a clever idea. Well, Woody the cowboy pull string doll has always felt like Buzz the space ranger is more special than him because he was newer. But when Woody is kidnaped by the owner of Al's Toy Barn, He discovers he is a valuable collectors item from a hit T.V. show from the 50's. The show was called &quot;Woody's Roundup&quot; and also featured his Cow girl pal Jessie, The Prospector Stinkey Pete, and his horse Bullseye. But Woody's about to be shiped to China to sit in a museum for the rest of his life. His friends back home have to save him before Andy, their owner, comes back from camp. It's a lot of fun and laughter for the whole family. Buy it today.
6305546789|5.0|The only word you can really use to describe &quot;Halloween&quot; is: scary. It's genuinley terrifying and wisely avoids being a typical &quot;gore and nothing else&quot; horror film. Don't see this one alone!
B000056K04|5.0|I have every one of Dave's CD's, and I think they're the best band in the world! I agree that &quot;Everyday&quot; is very different from their previous albums, but it's still a GREAT piece of music! A lot more commercial, but you can't blaim them for trying to change their style a bit: if you really love DMB (like I do!), you'll also love Everyday. Give Dave and the guys a break: if you don't like the new cd, put it away and wait for the next one to come! Thank you Dave for all the excelent music you have given us!<br />P.S. When do you come to Europe? I can't wait to see you live!...
B000002UB6|5.0|This was not the last Beatles album to be recorded, but the last one to be released. The recording sessions, accompanied by the recording of a movie, had a lot of moments full of tensions and internal disputes, conducted principally for the crecent dinstinction between the interests of the four members of the band and the presence of Yoko Ono in the studio. So the original intention of making an album that could mean the return to the Beatles' basic roots, or a &quot;new phase Beatles album&quot; (that supposedly meant returning to play straight rock'n'roll and record together as a band) resulted into a complete flop. Kilometres of recorded tapes were left behind, the movie (recorded at Twickenham studios) was also left, and everybody thought it was the end.<br />But it wasn't really. &quot;Abbey Road&quot; was quickly recorded and released after these hard sessions, and two singles (&quot;Get Back&quot; and &quot;The Ballad Of John And Yoko&quot;) kept The Beatles in the first places of the charts. When everybody was obviously tired of being a Beatle (even Paul McCartney) and rejected the hard work of editing and mixing the big quantity of songs that had been recorded in the &quot;Let It Be&quot; sessions, Phil Spector was called to the scene. He tried to edit the tapes and to create a whole album from all those fragmented songs. And the results, even though are not between the Beatles' best recordings, are impressive at times.<br />His production of &quot;The Long And Winding Road&quot;, a lovely McCartney ballad which was the last #1 Beatle single in the US was criticized by Paul himself, but his 'wall of sounds' indeed makes the sound more solemn and gospell-ish than the original, simpler version. &quot;I Me Mine&quot; is a notable Harrison composition with ironic lyrics, arranged again by the complete Spector orchestra. He also did his work with &quot;Across The Universe&quot;, a very poetic Lennon song from 1968, making it a slower and again adding the big orchestra arrangement. This time you can't reject the results, as they were amazing, making this one of the more mystical Beatles record ever released.<br />So the &quot;new phase&quot; spirit is rarely felt in this collection of edited pieces, but is helped by John Lennon's gibberish, heard amongst all the album, and by Billy Preston's work in the additional keyboards. &quot;Two Of Us&quot;, though, has the warmth of a live recording and is a beautiful ode to the friendship Paul and John had during the Beatle years; &quot;Dig A Pony&quot; is a wonderful bluesy record, also played live; &quot;I've Got A Feeling&quot; is one of the last Lennon/McCartney collaboration, joining together two songs into one fast, hard rocking number, the best song in the album. &quot;One After 909&quot;, which is a restored song composed even before the first recording sessions the Beatles made, is somewhat a nostalgic view to the early years of the band; while &quot;For You Blue&quot; shows the bluesy side of George Harrison, who plays a great acoustic guitar and lends John the slide. &quot;Get Back&quot;, already a hit from the 1969 single, appears here in a slightly shorter version and closing the LP.<br />The title track, surrounded by two strange links (&quot;Dig It&quot; and &quot;Maggie Mae&quot;) is an astonishing example of the Beatles working as a band. McCartney's at the piano, singing and doing a sincere pray to his protector in the sky; Harrison and Lennon play guitars and Ringo is also there, with his amazing drums, completing the religious and solemn atmosphere. Indeed one of the greatest songs of all-time.<br />Don't buy &quot;Let It Be&quot; until you're introduced well to The Beatles. The album was released after the band's departure, so it's more like a &quot;posthumous&quot; album than a straight-pop collection of hits. Buy it when you know most of their work, and then you'll be able to hear and understand why this album sounds so sweet and harmonius, even when it's madeup by unconnected songs joined somewhat in an artificial way. The songs are so good (as always) that they represent treasures in pop music, even with all the painful events that surrounded the recording and releasing of The Beatles' swan song.
B00004XQP4|5.0|A lot of critics and fans have said that they did not like &quot;Warning&quot;. These people are still with the Green Day of 1994, when &quot;Dookie&quot; rose to the top of the charts and conquered the world. It's certainly a Green Day I remember, admire, and still listen to often. Green Day has, in this album, shown that they have grown up, and even matured a bit along the way. Many tracks still retain the &quot;authentic&quot; punk sounds and messages, such as &quot;Warning&quot;, &quot;Deadbeat Holiday&quot;, and &quot;Minority&quot;. &quot;Warning&quot; keeps the punk message of &quot;Question Authority&quot; alive and going, but replaces the trademark power guitars and speed with a slower, pop-like sound, but not at all disagreeable to the ear. &quot;Deadbeat Holiday&quot; has a great sound, a catchy drum track and lyrics that show Billie Joe's ability to continually poke fun at himself and his own lyrics. The song itself has the message that people are not only willing to degrade their morals and society, but celebrate the fact that they can and will do so. &quot;Minority&quot; is a catchy rock anthem about being the minority in society, be it by ethnicity or morality. There are also songs on &quot;Warning&quot; that take strides in new directions, such as &quot;Misery&quot;, &quot;Waiting&quot; and &quot;Macy's Day Parade&quot;. &quot;Misery&quot; is probably the most unique track on the album, making use of an accordian, a farfisa, and it seems a mariachi band of sorts. The song itself is kind of an old-world Spanish/Italian dance, but the lyrics are pure Billie Joe. &quot;Macy's Day Parade&quot; is kind of a lament for lost days and the inevitable growing up we all have to do, no matter how hard we resist. This makes a perfect closing to the album that shows even a band such as Green Day, who sells records by purposely being immature and annoying, has to grow up sometime.
B000059MEK|4.0|Daft Punk's last CD &quot;Homework&quot; was a brilliantly innovative album, and &quot;Discovery&quot; is a leap sideways style-wise. It is still, despite the fact that the style is very different, excellent. It certainly has been a while since &quot;Homework&quot; was released and one can only expect that Daft Punk's style has changed. The songs are still brimming over with style and imagination. Daft Punk did some stuff with the vocoder on &quot;Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger&quot; that I never imagined possible. &quot;Discovery&quot; is fantastic in its own light, however, one should not expect it to be at all like &quot;Homework&quot;.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|UPDATE: Thurs August 18, 2011 (Unlike my other review updates, I felt it was important to keep the original review intact, as kind of a before and after).  :)<br /><br />\\"The Beatles 1\\" was not anywhere near my introduction to the Beatles, I grew up watching \\"The Yellow Submarine\\" and listening to them with my dad in the car.  However, this compilation was what really made me aware of just how big of an impact the Beatles made when they were together because it got me researching and listening to everyone of their albums, many of them, borrowed from my father.  I don't remember what prompted me to buy this, I suppose it was just a whim, I was 16yrs and I had a paper route, so I did have some sort of income of my own, and with 7 kids in my family (even with 3 of them moved out by the times I was 16yrs), we never had much money, so this was the only way I could by music or books most of the time.<br /><br />It is hard for me to believe I wrote this 10yrs, well, the writing makes it obvious, but it seems like it was longer and and yet shorter of a time frame then 10yrs.  The songs on this set are all immediately catchy, and the only song that still has never grown on me is \\"The Ballad of John and Yoko\\", other than that every song, for me, is a gem.  If this is your first time thinking about listening to the Beatles seriously, this is a great place to start as it really shows the progression of their music, even through their biggest hits, remember many of their best songs were not #1's or weren't even singles (Sgt. Pepper had no singles at all), but it is a good jumping off point.  After this set, I would say, either pick up the blue and red box sets or even better, just start sifting their through catalog album by album, whether you start at the beginning, the middle, or the end, its doesn't really matter, but there is some fun stuff on their earlier albums, so don't dismiss them just because they might have been a little fluffier and sillier.<br /><br />Below is my original review and original reactions to each of the individual songs.  :)<br /><br />ORIGINAL REVIEW: March 17, 2001<br /><br />The finest Beatles compilation.  Or so I'm told...Yes I'm of the new generation of Beatles fans,I've always liked a few of their song \\"I wanna Hold your hand\\", \\"Twist and Shout\\"(which sadly is not on here...),\\"Let it Be\\",\\"Lucy in the Sky with diamonds(not on here either of course)\\",Yellow Submarine, Elanore Rigby,and a couple others...Anyways I never really know who sang many of the songs I'd heard and later I had found out they were from the Beatles chances are even if you're a little kid or a teen like me then you've prolly heard at least one of their songs now...This album has made me a dedicated Beatles fan although it doesn't include much of their best work which is because were'nt #1 hits,however all these songs are quite good!!!Here's my reveiw:<br /><br />1. Love me Do: I don't know how to describe this very catchy pop song, its just very good definitely better then any *NSYNC song!!!<br /><br />2. From me to You: This is of course another great pop song so cute and catchy hehe!<br /><br />3. She Loves You: I love all the old Beatles music because it was so upbeat and happy this is such a good song!!!<br /><br />4. I wanna Hold you Hand: The first song I ever heard from the Beatles,it has a great beat and nice lyrics its also really ctachy!!!<br /><br />5. Can't buy me Love: I like this song,but its not my favorite from their early days...<br /><br />6. Hard Days Night: I love this song its just got this really good beat,and its pretty darn catchy as well!!!<br /><br />7. I feel fine: I the guitar instrumentation in this one,yet again not one of my fav's from the early days,but still a gem!!!<br /><br />8. Eight Days a Week: Ahhh I love this song!!! One of my fav's from them so so catchy!!!<br /><br />9. Ticket to Ride: It took me a few listen's to get used to this song,but not it.! Not as catchy as the other stuff that this CD starts on,but still good!!!<br /><br />10. Help!: I *Love* this song so very much the lyrics think are quite good,and I like the guitars as well!!!<br /><br />11. Yesterday: The first really slow ballad on this CD,its so sweet and slow the instrumentation is beautiful!!!This is a very good song as well!!<br /><br />12. Day Tripper: This song is getting back to the more rockish roots,but not one of my fav's...Still really good though.!<br /><br />13. We can work it out: I like these lyrics to this song,very true when you listen to them...Good song!<br /><br />14. Paperback writer: A good rocker,the starting sounds so funky! I really like this song a fast,fun,and good rockin song!!!<br /><br />15. Yellow Submarine: I've always liked this sing,its a very cute silly songs,it makes me wonder if they were high when this was written?prolly...But I love this song its a classic!<br /><br />16. Eleanor Rigby: I can hardly begin to describe this gem,the instrumentation,the lyrics,and the sad melody this is one of my all  time favorite Betales Songs,its made me cry slightly its just so good...<br /><br />17. Penny Lane: This song as took a while to grow on me,it just didn't stick with me at first,but now I find myself singing it!!! So its a good song,but not one of the Beatles best...<br /><br />18. All you need is Love: This is a good song its a little bit weird,but that's okay I love weird stuff!!!Its a great song!<br /><br />19. Hello,Goodbye: I like this song quite a bit its lyrics are a little bit funny...But there are better songs by them...Prolly wondering how many times I'm gonna say that,but anyways...hehe<br /><br />20. Lady Madonna: I like this song the pian and drums sound great together,the lyrics are pretty good and more up-beat and catchy..The horns sound great!!!This a a bit of a dancy ditty song get up and grab a partner!!!hehe<br /><br />21. Hey Jude: I love this song,even with 4minutes of nananana's,I thought Oh My FREAKO GOSH 4mins of that god that is so manoutnious!!!But you really don't get sick of them you just wanna sing along with them...This song is really catchy and quite good,one of my definete fav's!<br /><br />22. Get Back: Okay I don't really like this song much at all,as much as it hurts me to say that I just don't like it much...The instumentation is pretty good,but the vocals I really can't stand...<br /><br />23. The Ballad of John and Yoko: This I don't know how it could have a number one song,I'm sorry,but I don't like this song...Maybe if I listen to it enough it will stick with me,but so far it hasn't...<br /><br />24. Something: George wrote this little ditty,its quite good I was impressed when I found out he wrote it!!!Its sweet and slow...I love the instruments..<br /><br />25. Come Together: Ahhhh this song is quite refreshing,its so weird and funky no one does it like John!!!I like the vocals,and the instruments very much!<br /><br />26. Let it Be: A great song by Mcartney,very melodic made me cry so many times and I don't know why...<br /><br />27. The Long and Winding road: This is an okay ballad,but not one of my fav's...<br /><br />All in all if you're just discovering the Beatles this is a great album to open the door to them!!!But you should get their other albums,because they have a bazillion other great songs on their full albums!!!<br /><br />God Bless ~Amyike the guitars as well!!!    11. Yesterday: The first really slow ballad on this CD,its so sweet and slow the instrumentation is beautiful!!!This is a very good song as well!!    12. Day Tripper: This song is getting back to the more rockish roots,but not one of my fav's...Still really good though.!    13. We can work it out: I like these lyrics to this song,very true when you listen to them...Good song!    14. Paperback writer: A good rocker,the starting sounds so funky! I really like this song a fast,fun,and good rockin song!!!    15. Yellow Submarine: I've always liked this sing,its a very cute silly songs,it makes me wonder if they were high when this was written?prolly...But I love this song its a classic!    16. Eleanor Rigby: I can hardly begin to describe this gem,the instrumentation,the lyrics,and the sad melody this is one of my all  time favorite Betales Songs,its made me cry slightly its just so good...    17. Penny Lane: This song as took a while to grow on me,it just didn't stick with me at first,but now I find myself singing it!!! So its a good song,but not one of the Beatles best...    18. All you need is Love: This is a good song its a little bit weird,but that's okay I love weird stuff!!!Its a great song!    19. Hello,Goodbye: I like this song quite a bit its lyrics are a little bit funny...But there are better songs by them...Prolly wondering how many times I'm gonna say that,but anyways...hehe     20. Lady Madonna: I like this song the pian and drums sound great together,the lyrics are pretty good and more up-beat and catchy..The horns sound great!!!This a a bit of a dancy ditty song get up and grab a partner!!!hehe    21. Hey Jude: I love this song,even with 4minutes of nananana's,I thought Oh My FREAKO GOSH 4mins of that god that is so manoutnious!!!But you really don't get sick of them you just wanna sing along with them...This song is really catchy and quite good,one of my definete fav's!    22. Get Back: Okay I don't really like this song much at all,as much as it hurts me to say that I just don't like it much...The instumentation is pretty good,but the vocals I really can't stand...    23. The Ballad of John and Yoko: This I don't know how it could have a number one song,I'm sorry,but I don't like this song...Maybe if I listen to it enough it will stick with me,but so far it hasn't...    24. Something: George wrote this little ditty,its quite good I was impressed when I found out he wrote it!!!Its sweet and slow...I love the instruments..    25. Come Together: Ahhhh this song is quite refreshing,its so weird and funky no one does it like John!!!I like the vocals,and the instruments very much!    26. Let it Be: A great song by Mcartney,very melodic made me cry so many times and I don't know why...    27. The Long and Winding road: This is an okay ballad,but not one of my fav's...    All in all if you're just discovering the Beatles this is a great album to open the door to them!!!But you should get their other albums,because they have a bazillion other great songs on their full albums!!!    God Bless ~Amy
B000001F3C|5.0|...&quot;Boy&quot; being the other. U2 are becoming stranger and stranger by the year. Music evolution I can understand, but U2 are losing some of their identity as a rock icon. If you are to buy a U2 album or two, this should be one of them. No track is wasted in this album. <br />There is a pervading raw energy exuded by the tracks in this album, which characterize most of U2's earlier works. Spirituality is likewise present, the best track being &quot;40.&quot; To those who don't know, &quot;40&quot; was so titled because the lyrics were extrapolated from Psalm 40. Dust off your Bibles and read the psalm while listening to the song. It makes for a good meditative activity. Other underrated tracks worth mentioning are &quot;Like A Song,&quot; &quot;Seconds&quot; and &quot;Surrender.&quot; <br />Succumb not to the temptation of memorizing tracks 1, 3 and 7 on your CD player and concentrate on the other unpopular songs, then you'll wonder where U2 is headed.
B000002C25|5.0|This album represents the maturity which Oasis has acquired after the release of their first two albums. Much more beautiful sounds are being made - favorites are &quot;Magic Pie&quot;, &quot;Stand By Me&quot;, &quot;Girl in the Dirty Shirt&quot;, and &quot;All Around the World&quot;. Released on the readio were excellent singles &quot;D'you Know What I Mean&quot; and &quot;Don't Go Away&quot;,  the former an excellent and defiant rock song, the latter a soothing love song. Oasis keeps on rocking with the rest of their songs and ends with an Instrumental version of &quot;All Around the World&quot;.
B00000272N|5.0|Much can be said about &quot;Dirt&quot; and &quot;Jar of Flies&quot; but for me Facelift is pure no holds barred AIC! Don't get me wrong the other two albums are awesome(I own all AIC albums) but none capture the essence of Alice like this one. From the Gen-X theme like &quot;We Die Young&quot;, into the monster riffs of &quot;It Ain't Like That&quot;, down to the highly underated final track &quot;Real Thing&quot;, this album is raw, in your face rock'n'roll. I know &quot;Music Bank&quot; has all the old demos and a couple of new songs but for first time AIC listeners this album will show you what all the hype is about. LISTEN LOUD &amp; OFTEN.
B000002AS3|4.0|This album is an excellent start for the british band. It has a very young feel to it, and of all their albums, it is the album which is most heavy.  The best songs are &quot;Live Forever&quot; and &quot;Slide Away&quot; - very catchy and beautiful. &quot;Married with Children&quot; also has a soft, yet sardonic edge, and the rest of the songs are pure Oasis rock.
6305878323|5.0|Mary Poppins was released in 1964.  The following year Julie Andrews starred in The Sound of Music.  Both are terrific films, and the Disney creation fairs reasonably well against the specacular Austrian setting of the 1965 Robert Wise production.<br />Dick Van Dyke deserves special praise for virtually stealing many scenes. The entire supporting cast is first-rate.  I especially enjoyed David Tomlinson as the stuffy banker/father.<br />The music composed especially for &quot;Poppins&quot; remains as bright and snappy as was in 1964. <br />Even if you own this film on VHS, the bonus features available on the DVD make it worth purchasing.
B000002BBY|5.0|This is surely the best album by Oasis to date. Every song on here is worthy of radio play- of course &quot;Champagne Supernova&quot; and &quot;Wonderwall&quot; were released; in addition, a few stations and MTV aired &quot;Don't Look Back in Anger&quot; which is arguably the best Oasis song ever. The album maintains the rocking edge of Definitely Maybe in songs like &quot;Morning Glory&quot; and &quot;Roll With It&quot;, while introducing a more mellow sound on  &quot;Some Might Say&quot; and &quot;Cast No Shadow&quot;. It is unfortunate that drummer Alan White quit after this album, though with all the line-up changes (including later losses of Bonehead and Guigsy after the release of Standing on the Shoulder of Giants), Noel and Liam maintain that the band is at their best. You catch a glimpse at their greatness and god-like attitudes in this album, worthy of 5 stars.
B00003CXCS|5.0|After 183 Amazon.com reviews, these few thoughts well be repetitive and redundant, but here goes.<br />For what seems like decades after this film was released in 1965, Des Moines Register columnist Donald Kaul had a great time making fun of it.  I wish I could recall his many quotable quotes.  But Kaul never had much impact on the popularilty and &quot;staying power&quot; of Robert Wise's magnificent production.<br />I enjoyed every single feature of the DVD edition, especially the audio features, interviews, etc.  The two documentaries also are worthwhile.  A most appreciative feature of Disc One is the running commentary by producer Robert Wise.  His commentary follows the film, with the score filling blank spaces in his narration.  I have not had the time or patience to listen to his entire commentary, but it's fascinating to learn tidbits of &quot;how&quot; the film was produced.<br />The packaged material indicates that Julie Andrews agreed to make this movie for \\"a large amount\\".  I trust she was compensated well above that figure.  Her screen presence/performance is critical to the film's success and &quot;staying power.&quot;<br />While, according to Robert Wise and screenwriter Ernest Lehman, many changes were made to adapt the theatrical hit to film, it still remains a Rodgers and Hammerstein work-of-art.  <br />This release is another tribute to DVD technology.  <br />A &quot;must&quot; for those who appreciate the American musical theater, Julie Andrews and Rodgers &amp; Hammerstein.
B000059T5O|5.0|Oh, man!  I've been waiting for this disc for nearly a decade.  Back in 1992, Tom Waits gave John Hammond a song, &quot;No One Can Forgive Me But My Baby,&quot; which Hammond put on his &quot;Got Love If You Want It&quot; record.  It's been one of my favorite tracks ever since.  On &quot;Wicked Grin,&quot; Hammond visits Waits' neighborhood--a cold, dark, rainy place, somewhere in the Midwest, where the trains clatter nearby all night long--and makes himself right at home.  He runs a comb through his pompadour and lets his freak flag fly on a dozen Waits' tunes and one tasty, groovin', hand-clapped gospel song, in which ol' Tom himself joins in on a verse.  Along for the ride are Stephen Hodges on drums and percussion; Larry Taylor on bass; Charlie Musselwhite on harp; and Augie Meyers on keyboards and accordion.  Meyers' music-making really shakes this record.  His Hammond organ slinks behind the guitar fuzz of &quot;Heartattack and Vine.&quot;  On &quot;Shore Leave,&quot; he lays down a carny-style Vox organ, while Hammond croons about squeezing all the life out of a two-day pass at a moonlit Chinatown fair.  By the time, the record reaches &quot;Murder In The Red Barn,&quot; Meyers is chilling with plum-perfect notes on an upright piano.  I just hope I don't need to wait another nine years for Marla Hammond and Kathleen Brennan to bring Tom and John (and Augie, too!) together again.  I'm already assembling a wish list of songs for their next record.  I can't wait to hear John walk Spanish down the hall, fall in love with a Gun Street girl or pull on Trouble's braids.  Until then, I've got a wicked grin, too, listening to Hammond and Waits on this shakin' disc.
6305622930|5.0|Simply an incredible performance by George C. Scott.  His presence is so intense that you almost come to regard Scott/Patton as the same person.<br />Obviousily, I never had the opportunity to meet and talk with George Patton, but he would be one of those historical figures I'd like to have met and set next to at the dinner table.<br />I also recommend the DVD because of its many extra features, including the documentary, a tribute to Frank Schaffner.  The audio history of Patton also adds to an understanding of how this eccentric fellow would become the subject of a great film biography.  The audio emphasizes Patton's childhood, youth, and army career prior to the invasion of North Africa.<br />Finally, the DVD package includes a detailed chronology of Patton's career, with dates and locations.<br />Produced in 1970, this well-edited and spectacularly filmed biography is highly recommended for anyone interested in American history and World War II films.
6300214044|5.0|This film is a masterpiece for various and very simple reasons.<br /><br />First it is a real case, a real man, a real disease. The man is Joseph Merrick (called John Merrick in the film) and he was taken care of at the end of his life by the Royal London Hospital and this particular doctor Frederick Treves. His bones have been studied recently and the disease has been identified, including the cause of his death, asphyxiation.<br /><br />Second it reveals two dimensions of Victorian society. The exploitation of horrible facts and beings, what they call freaks, that can inspire horror in the public. Exploitation in carnivals and funfairs, but also exploitation in everyday society in both cases by some greedy people who make money on these “freaks.” In reality Joseph Merrick was exploiting the public for his own survival because he was willing to do it to make the money he needed to take care of himself. The second dimension is the benevolence and empathy of this Victorian society, I mean here the doctors and medical personnel on one hand and the “good” society on the other hand to show they are “good,” for most of them, but for a few to prove to themselves they are human, humane, and for many of these few good Christians (the religious aspect that the film misses completely).<br /><br />Third it also reveals that the medical personnel was ready to get out of their way to help a fellow human being who was in a state of suffering that deserved some help, and in this case we are beyond plain  suffering and beyond any kind of cure and even help. Let’s say then some alleviating support. It is true too that the doctors might have done it for the advancement of their own career, but that’s part of the game, isn’t it?<br /><br />The film cheats on some details. How could Joseph Merrick have learned Shakespeare or the Bible if he had been the “possession” of his carnival master? How could Joseph Merrick have carried on himself the portrait of his mother if he had been the possession of his carnival master? How did Jospeh Merrick get into that position of being a show animal in carnivals (which he was not in real life since he made it a career)? Finally the escape to Belgium, or the abduction to Belgium, and then the return to England shows clearly he was considered as a fellow “artist” by the other carnival attractions, but it forgets to mention the fact that his employer abandoned him in Belgium after robbing his fifty pounds, a real fortune at the time, that he had accumulated in time.<br /><br />But the film remains a masterpiece of empathy and humane social thinking with the extraordinary case of the London stage actress who finds the power and courage to dedicate a show to Joseph Merrick in extremely valorizing circumstances, valorizing for Joseph Merrick, and so much so that he will decide to go to sleep like any normal person though he knew he would not wake up on the following morning.<br /><br />Dr Jacques COULARDEAUarnival master? How did Jospeh Merrick get into that position of being a show animal in carnivals (which he was not in real life since he made it a career)? Finally the escape to Belgium, or the abduction to Belgium, and then the return to England shows clearly he was considered as a fellow “artist” by the other carnival attractions, but it forgets to mention the fact that his employer abandoned him in Belgium after robbing his fifty pounds, a real fortune at the time, that he had accumulated in time.  But the film remains a masterpiece of empathy and humane social thinking with the extraordinary case of the London stage actress who finds the power and courage to dedicate a show to Joseph Merrick in extremely valorizing circumstances, valorizing for Joseph Merrick, and so much so that he will decide to go to sleep like any normal person though he knew he would not wake up on the following morning.  Dr Jacques COULARDEAU
0790739356|4.0|Kurt Russel is a genetically enhanced soldier who has no emotion and knows how to do only one thing: kill. If this doesn't make you curious or excited, then this movie is definitely not for you. If it does however, look a little further. The opening 15 minutes of Soldier are great; true action at its best. The story follows Sgt. Todd's (Kurt Russel) introduction to the program from birth and takes us all the way up to present day. However, what would a movie be without a conflict?? Enter Michael Chicklis who plays the evil commander of a new, more advanced breed of soldier. You guessed it, Sgt. Todd is obsolete, and has been replaced. But Todd will not go down without a fight and of course seeks his revenge. Here's where Soldier falls short. Todd is taken to a waste disposal planet and left for dead. He is taken in by a tribe of nomads who make their home on the desolate planet. The middle hour of this movie, where Todd lives with the nomads is just plain boring. You might as well fast forward to the end, where Todd confronts his evil commander once and for all. This is a great movie for a night when you aren't in the mood for anything to heavy. Pure action, blood, guts and lots of shooting make it an above average adventure flick. Pick up this movie, also, simply for Jason Scott Lee's performance as an extreme badass, one of the new more advanced soldiers. Overall, a good movie.
B000056VIY|1.0|JLO is riding on undeserved fame. Yeah she can carry a tune, and maybe she can write a few of her own lyrics (ok, maybe not) but the only reason she made it into music and movies was because of one REAL Latina: Selena Quintanilla-Perez. JENNIFER LOPEZ WOULD BE NOTHING IF IT WASN'T FOR THE DEATH OF SELENA. It's disgusting that she can attain fame on borrowed wings while a wealth of talented latina vocalists remain undiscovered.
6302468027|4.0|but one wonders if it was a politically correct southern lesbian flick ? anyhow,kathy bates is one of the best actress in hollywood and jessica tandy was a treasure...not just a click flick
B00004W3MS|5.0|I am going to be as realistic as possible.  This album will not appeal to everyone.  It's instrumental, the singing is strange, yet it's utterly beautiful.  Eerie guitar bends and wonderful brass makes this album one of the best of all time.  It will be a problem for anyone who cannot appreciate the beauty of a wonderful album.<br />There is something about the music that makes you feel either at ease, or very paranoid.  It causes so many emotions.  I would never call this classical, but I can label it with the dreaded &quot;post-rock&quot; title, because that's simply what it is.  All I can say is that you need to purchase this album to realize how wonderful it is. Listen to it when walking in the cold damp dark to discover its hidden meaning.
0345440757|1.0|I just recently saw his ex-husband talking about the author in TV.  Apparently, she was a horrible mother who ignored her babies' needs.  Be aware buyers!  THis book is answer to YOUR needs.. not your baby's needs.
B000056K04|5.0|The release of a new DMB album has been a moment to look forward to for the last couple of years now and when I saw that Everyday was coming out I was instantly excited. For good reason! The album is quite a departure for a DMB album with, as other reviewers have said, no long solos or jams. However, the band are all still there to be heard and marvelled at and Daves playing is enthusiastic and as unusual as ever. The lyrics are also the best that Dave has produced with possibly the best track he has written being present : If I Had It All. New fans should check it out for sure and old fans should buy it and enjoy it and stop being so stuck in there ways that they cant grow with the band and enjoy new things. There still producing music which is the most important thing and from what I read in Rolling Stone they are still enjoying it. If the rumours are true then maybe we will even get the unreleased album this year anyway, if not then maybe we'll hear those songs in some live sets. Lastly, when the new songs go live maybe the trademark DMB jams can be interwoven with them as that is where the band really comes into its own. Long live DMB!
0451169514|5.0|IT - A Magnum Opus Of Horror, says one of the critics on the back of the book, and their not kidding.  At 1090 pages, it is Kings second-largest work yet, and from what i've read, his best.  The description on the back gives you a woefully inadequite description of the book, and the book is much more about the power of friendship than an insane clown killing people. The main characters are as follows: &quot;Stuttering Bill&quot; Denbourough, Ben Hanscom, Eddie Kaspbrak, Richie Tozier, Beverly Marsh, Stanley Uris, Mike Hanlon and IT (or Pennywise the Dancing Clown).  I only read this book because a friend strongly reccommended it, I normally would have shyed away from it because of it's sheer length.  It does get boring in some parts (The Interludes, sometimes) and when you get to the last section you just want the book to END because you have been reading it for so long.  Pennywise/Bog Gray/IT is a terrifying villian, a shape-shifter who can turn into anything that scares people the most.  This book has EVERYTHING, it will scare the shnite out of you.
080017948X|5.0|When Bill Murray appeared in a skit on SNL, it was an automatic &quot;MUTE&quot; until the next commercial was over.  Andie MacDowell has always been much too cute for her own good.  Harold Ramis has an inflated opinion of his talents (just watch his cameo in this movie to see what I mean -- the man apparently phantasizes himself as another Alfred Hitchock).  Yet, in spite of it all, this movie earned 5 stars (and more, if such a rating were available) from me.  Why?  Frankly, I honestly don't know.  <br />Part of its appeal has to do with how it treads on the very edge of cloying, yet somehow always steps back about 5 seconds BEFORE you say, &quot;Ohmigod, they're not going to do THAT, are they?&quot;  And they never do!  Beyond that, though, there is an underlying truth to this movie that transcends any rational analysis.  If you're not a Hindu/Buddhist before you see it, well, maybe you shouldn't see it.  Religious implications aside, I'm put in mind of an old joke about a great American soprano making her debut at La Scala.  After singing the crucial aria, she was bombarded with deafening pleas of, &quot;encore ... encore.&quot;  So she dutifully reprised her aria.  Again the crys of &quot;encore&quot; arose, and again she gave the audience what it demanded.  However, after the 4th encore, she stumbled to the footlights and hoarsely protested, &quot;ladies and gentlemen, I appreciate your enthusiasm, but I've sung this aria five times now!&quot;  Whereupon a small Italian man arose and shouted, &quot;si, and you gonna KEEP a-singin' it until you get it a-righta!&quot;<br />Well, the bottom line here is that, in spite of themselves, these guys managed to get it &quot;a-righta&quot;.  Don't waste your money renting this movie for a &quot;trial run&quot; (as an earlier review suggested); just buy the DVD and settle back for the first (of many) pleasurable and thought-provoking viewings.
B00000163G|5.0|I dunno man if u find somethin mo great than this Pac effort of Death Row dayz in rap u maybe tha most demandin person in tha whole world.!! Pac rulez here.... (as always) Almost all songs r great except maybe Picture Me Rollin and Check Out Time that r a bit too mo funky. So, Pac is great, Pac is back wit Until The End Of Time, so we'll c if this new album is on the same level as ALL EYEZ ON ME which is really Gangsta Rap classic. 2PAC 4EVER!!!
B00000J7JO|4.0|This is 1st CD by the Peppers I've bought...very consistent...loved it!!
B000006Z1X|5.0|Steve Vai really has some excellent material on this LP. To be honest, that was the reason I bought it. &quot;Lighter Shade of Green&quot; has these really cool 2-handed arpeggios where Vai actually switches the hand playing the higher pitch as he goes up the neck. He actually gets a bagpipe sort of sound out of the guitar on this one as well - giving it the Irish feel. I also really like the lick on &quot;God Blessed Video&quot; - another well-composed hammering exercise. If you like Vai, this one's worth the cash.
B00004Z1MN|5.0|I waited a long time to see this film, and all I can say is that it was well worth it. Quaid and Caviezel are very good in their roles. I can't help but comparing this film to the 80's blockbuster trilogy &quot;Back to the Future&quot; although the underlying theme here is somewhat darker. It is competently directed, and holds the viewer's attention from beginning to end. It is a film worth having not only because of the performances from the lead actors, but also because of the very interesting use of imagery in it, and the attention to detail it shows. I believe it demands repeated viewings so you don't miss significant little tidbits here and there.<br />On the whole, two thumbs up. This is a truly entertaining film. Especially for people who have liked Back to the Future. I recommend it unreservedly.
B000002KBH|5.0|I just recently got turned on to the Dead by a friend of mine and this is the first album I've heard and to simply put it it's amazing. The very first song &quot;Box of Rain&quot; has some of the greatest lyrics I've ever heard anywhere. &quot;Ripple&quot; is also incredibe. And of course there's &quot;Truckin&quot; and &quot;Sugar Magnolia&quot; too. I would recommend this to anyone who just loves GREAT music.
0380788624|4.0|If you're looking for a real adventure that keeps you thinking and entertained at the same time then I would strongly suggest Cryptonomicon. It's helluva long and took me a while to read it but this seemed to make me feel more aquainted to the story and its characters. Simultaneously basing the story during WW11 and the present day gives the reader a real sense of the history and importance of secrecy and Stephenson does a wonderful job weaving the plots and subplots together without losing the readers attention. This has a lot to do with his hillarious wit and techno-casual style, which I must say is preaching to the choir to readers like me(what really had me in fits was a little passage concerning the mathematical relationship between concentration and ... I cant say:)). Nerds will love this, but I have no doubt that Stephenson's scope of apprecition  extends  further. I do not read a great deal of non-fiction so I cannot really suggest this to readers who enjoyed specific books but anyone who is not intimidated by 900 pages should enjoy it a great deal;its fun, exciting and gripping. I would highly recommend to readers who would like to read further about many of themes in the book such as The Enigma and Turing; and  Modern Cryptology , to read The Code Book by Simon Singh.
0671027344|5.0|This is, by far, the most realistic account of coming of age that I have ever seen.  Man, it puts even Catcher in the Rye to shame.  It's just perfect.  Everything, from the characters to the setting to the language just fits the mood and atmosphere of growing up.  If you want to read a great, REAL book, this is it!
B00005214X|5.0|I'm writing this review for people like my wife: she knows the words to the songs, but she doesn't know titles, albums, even bands on a reliable basis. For all you people who like Eric Clapton, the Beatles, and Seventies' style rock, this album is a must-have because of the sheer number of great songs.<br />My Sweet Lord, What Is Life?, If Not For You - all solid hits. Eric Clapton does great guitar work in this period, just before he goes off to cut Layla with Derek and the Dominoes. Songs like Wah Wah, and Isn't It a Pity, and All Things Must Pass are more great Beatles-esque pop that extends Harrison's legacy. This is arguably the best solo record that any solo Beatle put together.<br />This remaster is great for the remastered jams and extra versions of the songs you already like! And for 18 bucks (for two cds), it's a bargain. If you don't know what albums to get, but you know what you like - get this... you'll love it.
B0000508U6|5.0|Before all deep..... very deep..... it makes you think and remember...... doesn't matter what..... and where..... or why..... I can't choose the best...... it gaves you the strongness to face the &quot;slings and arrows&quot; of the life..... Thank You Very Much Zander, after make me know The Garbage, you made me another present..... Coldplay......
B00000DFKF|1.0|This is the most gross demonstration of senseless, untalented trash I have ever heard.  Again, the Black Metal genre displays its utter lack of regard for creativity.  Luckily, Varg is in jail for a very long time and has abandoned playing this sort of childish racket.  May he sit in his cell for many years to contemplate the noise he's created....
B00003CXE7|4.0|One has to hand it to Ridley Scott, it took some major balls to make a film like this. And the biggest surprise is that he actually pulled it off. And only Russell Crowe could have played a General turned Gladiator without a hint of vanity. If nothing else, Gladiator is simply a visual masterpiece -- overflowing with grand palaces, spectacular battles, fearsome gladiatorial contests, and a massive re-creation of ancient Rome that only an army of slave laborers or modern computer graphics could achieve. The story, concocted by a team of screenwriters including the literate William Nicholson, is pure potboiler. The great hero Maximus (Russell Crowe) is destroyed by a young, degenerate emperor called Commodus (Joaquin Phoenix), who slaughters the general's wife and child. Maximus escapes the blade but is enslaved, made a gladiator, and eventually returns to fight in the Roman Colosseum, where he will of course exact revenge on Commodus. The best parts of the script are the wry comments on the nature of &quot;entertainment&quot; and politics, and the way public opinion can be manipulated in either arena. This is a nice sardonic touch, although with millions of dollars on the line, Scott is busy rattling his own sword. <br />Gladiator's literary narrative is perfectly balanced by the strength of its visual style. Whether in squalid pits under the Colosseum or the blazing sun of its magnificently recreated battleground, the burnished light gives every composition a dazzling, painterly quality. Computer-enhanced shots of the virtual Roman landscape are full of detail, from the statuary and columns of the Forum to the retractable velarium sun roof over the freshly minted Colosseum. Ditto the actual interior sets where bedchambers and Imperial throne rooms sparkle with authenticity. There are a few cracks in the film's magnificent façade. John Mathieson's herky-jerky camerawork makes the otherwise masterful opening battle look like Saving Centurion Ryan, and a nonsensical moment where Maximus and Lucilla kiss seems to exist only to spice up the trailer. Scott makes a few other missteps - including too much Commodus/Lucilla dialogue, and failing to make Phoenix as menacing (a la Tim Roth's foppish swordsman in Rob Roy) as the film's final scenes require. But such complaints are mere quibbles. It may bear some flaws and familiar elements, but Gladiator's script is a great story well told, evading the clichés one might expect (facing your best friend in the ring, etc.) and staying completely one-liner free. Scott also adds spiritual resonance to Maximus' journey, elevating a simple quest for revenge to a Homeric search for inner peace via surreal dream sequences and subtle motifs. The most affecting symbol is the very first the audience sees - a gauntleted hand gently caressing a wheat field. Though initially inconsequential, by the film's end, this image becomes one of the more haunting in recent memory. Such touches give Gladiator a soul, placing the film in the lower pantheon of cinematic greatness. <br />And not that I place any importance on the Oscars (how could anyone?), but Gladiator, with its epic scope and execution, easily deserves the 'Best Picture' nod over the smug amd self-important 'Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon'.
B000059R8Y|5.0|Don't get me wrong. &quot;Riding with the King&quot; was a goodalbum, and was worth every penny of that ... + tax. But no matter how great the playing of the two blues gods was, the album turned out to be a disappointment. <br />&quot;Reptile&quot; was everything that &quot;Riding with the King&quot; should have been. This is one of the best albums i've bought in a long time. This is the CD you put on in the background while you're working, then you can't work anymore because you're listening to the CD, then you drown in the music, for hours and hours on end.<br />As for the criticism that this isn't Eric of the old... you're right, it's not. This is the year 2001, the dude's mad old. He's moving on with his life, taking his music to a new level (i'm not saying whether it's a good level or a bad level). Whether you like it or not, you can't criticize the man for moving on. Coltrane moved on with his music, ain't nobody complaining. Madonna continues to shift, continues to build her legacy (she's what, 43?). And with Eric moving on with his music (remember &quot;Pilgrim&quot;?), and doing so flawlessly, we got a lot to look forward to.
B00000253N|5.0|Blood On The Tracks represents perhaps the single greatest comeback since Mohamed Ali knocked out George Foreman in Zaire, to regain the heavyweight crown for the second time in his career. Like Ali, many believed that Dylan's greatest work was behind him. After numerous failed attempts to turn in a cohesive studio album, Dylan set up camp with some top-notch studio musicians and did what he does best. He began writing songs with a new fervor...Lily Rosemary And The Jack Of Hearts, Simple Twist Of Fate, Shelter From The Storm, You're Going To Make Me, Lonesome When You Go, Tangled Up In Blue and Idiot Wind. What can you say about such masterworks? Sure Blonde On Blonde set the whole world on it's ear and Highway 61 is pure magic, but Blood is a whole other side of Dylan...World-weary, mellowed and ageless. There's not a bad song on the entire album...I dare say there's not single note out of place. This is positively as close to perfection as anything these ears have ever heard. It's an old cliche, but this one makes my list of desert island discs. I place it right up there in the top three...no make that two...no make that...
B000056JYB|5.0|I got this at the same time I got the remastered All Things Must Pass, and had myself a little Eric Clapton fest. What little I knew about Blind Faith I could press between two matchheads - I just knew I wasn't really crazy about Steve Winwood, and that was that. Then I heard some clips on NPR about the remaster - the clip of &quot;Change Of Address Jam&quot; was enough for me to plunk down the cash to get this.<br />All I've got to say is, boy am I glad. The songs are great, the musicianship is great, and it's a real enjoyable listen. the best part is, the remaster has the jams from the sessions as a seperate record - this is a record that could stand on its own, on listenability, anyway - everything in the package is great, soup to nuts. And Steve Winwood gets some great keyboard licks in.<br />So, I was wrong, but I'm not sorry - only that I didn't check it out sooner. Get it and enjoy some great jamming.
B000002G8L|5.0|When this album was released in 1980, I had the proof I needed to show all my friends that Eric was still an important player in the game. They all had written him off as a laid back psuedo country artist with no direction. At the time they didn't get it, and maybe they still don't. But one thing was for sure: Clapton still had the goods, and this album proved it. The blues playing on here had fire. The vocals had pain. As a guitar player, I wore out my vinyl copy trying to cop these licks. The cuts were smokin'. My friends finally heard what I had been talking about for several years. It was only with the release of Crossroads 2 that the secret really came out: Clapton never lost it. He just chose not to show it as much, but when he did as this album proved, LOOK OUT!
B000002UWL|5.0|that's what this cd does to me everytime it's dropped into the player. Being boring is absolutely one of the best PSB songs written,  (Rent being their best i think)..it's one of the few albums that can be put on Random on a player and be left there for days. if you have to have 1 PSB album, DON'T get their best of..get this one!
B00004Y635|5.0|This whole trilogy of Scream are by far the best ever made! I love every one. Get these movies and you will not be disapointed! They are suspensful, humorous, and action packed with scary chases and all of the endings are great. If you like horror movies than get all 3 Screams.
0679879269|4.0|I really enjoyed this book. I read the first two in the trilogy and I was really excited when the third came out. The way that Phillip Pullman describes the worlds and the characters is really amazing. The plot is complex, but not confusing.  This is my favorite book of all time!
B000058T5E|5.0|We are not worthy of such a masterpiece by the greatest guitar player on the planet. Nadia, Dirty Mind, Earthquake, Roy's Toy, Suspension...it's all great! This cd will keep me rollin' and tumblin'...to Jeff's tour! Thank you Jeff!!!
0679879269|5.0|I've read The Golden Compass and The Subtle Knife, but The Amber Spyglass is something completely different. It's horrible and wonderful all at the same time and evoked in me emotions beyond what I thought a book could do. Because of Pullman's wonderful style and the way he's sculpted this book to rise from the pages, you not only feel for the characters, but feel with them, through them. The end is especially great. However, I wouldn't recommend it to everyone, because if you aren't able to see and feel all that's there, you'll be quite let down. I would recommend taking the risk.
0679879269|5.0|I LoVeD this book! Its full of exciting adventures with Lyra &amp; Will! Plus at the end it was sooo sad but very good! It made me shed sum tears...which i don't do often lemme tell ya. I spent the whole day just sittin on the couch reading it. Golden Compass was great! I couldn't put it down! Subtle Knife was boring me in the beginning but as I got into it I really like it too! So in other words~ all three books r worth ur time! So if you have read it good for u! If u haven't...WhAt R u WaItInG fOr? BUY IT, READ IT, ENJOY IT!!! ;)
B000007R1M|5.0|Kraftwerk are at least as important as The Beatles in the history and development of popular music, and it mystifies me that they still haven't been recognised as such either critically or in terms of sales. The Man Machine is the best Kraftwerk record, an absolute groundbreaking classic.<br />This is crystalline cybernetic music which stands out of its foursquare drum-bass-guitar-vocals contemporary context like Bridget Riley graphics in art or e e cummings in poetry; absolutely without reference and unprecedented. Music like lucid dreaming to transport us beyond the muddy immediate into a welcoming future beyond. Without this, what is there? Serial bleeping, prototype hip-hop beats, shimmering skeins of ambient drift: everything that is current in dance/electronica has its foundation here. The systems wind-down of 'Neon Lights' is a cycling, consciousness-expanding epiphany without which there is no ambient techno. The train-track beats of the title track lead directly to electro, then to acid house, then to techno and drum-and-bass. But they also branch, through Africa Bambaata, to computational hip-hop. Robo-vocals? They're here, fabulously sung by 'The Robots'. Modjo, Daft Punk, Madonna, and a host of others, take note.<br />Even forgetting the colossal influence, this music is simply beautiful. Like Japanese calligraphy it makes startling impressions with concentrated economy. It's an elegant, timeless, out-of-nowhere sound with a unique, fully-formed aesthetic born out of a brilliant alliance between pop, electronic engineering, and the avant-garde. Maybe that's the problem: it's just too intelligent. Perhaps when the latest drum-and-bass cycle goes overground and people catch up, Kraftwerk will tour Earth's stadia, ageing cybernauts finally selling what they deserve. We can dream...
B000001E7T|1.0|This is probably one of the worst cds I have ever bought.  After hearing so many positive things about PJ and her work, I couldn't wait to listen to this cd.  However, after suffering through one listen of it, I knew there would be no possible way I could ever make it through again.  While she does have an amazing voice, it is put to horrible use on this cd, which is mostly just noise, noise and more noise.
B000059R8Y|2.0|Yes, I am a picky reviewer. Few albums I have reviewed have gotten 5 stars by me. (Those albums are You Had It Coming by Jeff Beck and a Gentle Presence by Doug Hartline.) That said, 5 stars is an outstanding album beyond words, 4 stars is truly great, 3 stars is not bad but not great either, and you get the idea. Well I hate to say this about Reptile, but I must give it 2 stars. <br />I was very, very dissapointed with Clapton's new release. Riding With the King was so good, and it hurts to have to listen to this after it. The album's title track, Reptile, sounds like elevator music. Plus, where the heck is Clapton's guitar? This album does not feature what made Clapton famous in the first place-his guitar playing. This album features more on his vocals, which I must say aren't half as good as his guitar playing. <br />Perhaps Clapton should give Jeff Beck's new album &quot;You Had It Coming&quot; a few listens and see what other guitarists his age can do. Sorry to see Clapton has mellowed out.
6300184064|2.0|I have heard and read many good reviews of this movie, so when I sat down to finally watch it I expected a true masterpiece. The bigging of the movie truly grabed my attention, with its great theme and brilliant visuals. The movie remains good for another half hour with its funny look on a demented society, although the movie is far from a comedy. The next 1.5 hours are pretty much a let down. The political satires virtualy stop the the movies plot becomes so unclear that it becomes almost umbearable to watch. The only exeption to this would be the last 3 minutes  of the movie which are masterfuly filmed, and is definatly worth watching. I consider myself a fan of off-beat movies that  are very though-provoking, but Brazil fell below my expectations and made virtually no impact on  me. there are a few parts of the movie worth watch but it doesnt make up for the other 75%  that suck. In conclusion i find the movie overlong and at times unintentionaly silly.
B000059MEK|4.0|Before this new Daft Punk cd was released, there was a great amount of speculation over what the name of the album would be. Somewhere I read it would be &quot;Disco Very&quot;. It turns out this is probably an even more appropriate title than Discovery...<br />On their 2nd cd, Daft Punk turns to disco in a big way. Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't. The first time you listen to this cd you will definitely miss the old, tougher style of Homework. But it will grow on you. Had I rated this cd after my first listen, it would have gotten a 2. This is off the strength of &quot;One More Time&quot; and &quot;Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger&quot;. The latter is a great listen - the use of the vocoder in this track puts Cher to shame<br />On the second listen I really got into &quot;Aerodynamic&quot;, &quot;Digital Love&quot;, and &quot;Too Long&quot;. Digital Love is cheesy, but will be a great summer driving song. Aerodynamic is classic Daft Punk, while Too Long is just that - too long, but the build up is<br />excellent (if you can put up with the first 5 minutes)<br />Finally, other great tracks are &quot;Face to Face&quot; (awesome sampling) and  &quot;High Life&quot; (very disco). The other tracks are okay, but nothing special. <br />WARNING - If you liked Homework, I can almost guarantee you will hate this album the first time you listen to it. Just remember, this is Daft Punk's take on disco. (yes, that means if you hate disco, you will probably hate this even after 100 listens)
6304117302|5.0|The storyline was great and so were the actors. I, myself, just adore Eric Schweig and saw this as a good role for a hot Indian. He was quiet about his love with Alice (Jodhi May) but you could see a strong affection between the both of them when he sacrifices his own life for hers. This movie got me interested in history class just to learn more about that war. I've watched that movie so many times that I'm scared the tape will wear out.  My friend Elise (also obsessed) told me the ending in the original book was quite different from the movie! Why did they do that I wonder? Anyway, I reccomend this movie to anyone over the age of ten and while you're at it get the soundtrack too. There may be only five songs repeated over and over in the actual movie but they're great! (Theres more on the soundtrack.) In conclusion, this is a movie worth getting...I miss Uncas :(
B00004THAY|4.0|This album is great (but still not worthy of 5 stars). There's nothing like good ol' blues, and Clapton and the King do a fine job at it. Some of my favorite cuts:<br />Riding With the King, Marry You, I Wanna Be, 3 o'clock Blues, and the rest are good as well. Some songs, however, such as Ten Long Years, are just flat out boring. Also, I was puzzled to see in the linear notes that there was drum programming on this record? Sounds like good ol' real drums to me. <br />Overall, this record is a good buy, and far better then Clapton's new release, Reptile.
6300184064|2.0|I have heard and read many good reviews of this movie, so when I sat down to finally watch it I expected a true masterpiece. The bigging of the movie truly grabed my attention, with its great theme and brilliant visuals. The movie remains good for another half hour with its funny look on a demented society, although the movie is far from a comedy. The next 1.5 hours are pretty much a let down. The political satires virtualy stop the the movies plot becomes so unclear that it becomes almost umbearable to watch. The only exeption to this would be the last 3 minutes  of the movie which are masterfuly filmed, and is definatly worth watching. I consider myself a fan of off-beat movies that  are very though-provoking, but Brazil fell below my expectations and made virtually no impact on  me. there are a few parts of the movie worth watch but it doesnt make up for the other 75%  that suck. In conclusion i find the movie overlong and at times unintentionaly silly.
B00000IP2L|1.0|I like melodic metal, heavy metal and thrash metal but this stuff from Zakk Wylde I just cannot hack. There is a review here were the guy threw the CD out of the car and I would have done the same. This CD sounds like a record being played with a dirty needle, the recording is so overdriven and fuzzy sounding it just sounds like they recorded it with the sound level full in the red. A wall of fuzz with awful whinning vocals, this guy definetly should not be singing, very similar sounding to Glenn Tipton on his solo CD, guys, stick to guitaring. The last song No More Tears sums up the CD, a great Ozzy song completely destroyed and turned into wall of thick fuzzy muck, it is not even heavy, just noise. One star for the first song which is good otherwise be warned this CD has nothing to do with the stuff Zakk recorded with Ozzy, with Ozzy his guitaring was great and his sound was great but this CD is just slow, boring, depressing noise.
6304117302|5.0|The storyline was great and so were the actors. I, myself, just adore Eric Schweig and saw this as a good role for a hot Indian. He was quiet about his love with Alice (Jodhi May) but you could see a strong affection between the both of them when he sacrifices his own life for hers. This movie got me interested in history class just to learn more about that war. I've watched that movie so many times that I'm scared the tape will wear out.  My friend Elise (also obsessed) told me the ending in the original book was quite different from the movie! Why did they do that I wonder? Anyway, I reccomend this movie to anyone over the age of ten and while you're at it get the soundtrack too. There may be only five songs repeated over and over in the actual movie but they're great! (Theres more on the soundtrack.) In conclusion, this is a movie worth getting...I miss Uncas :(
0380778556|5.0|I had to read this book for my English class, and didn't think I would like it because it was written quite some time ago.  I gave myself a few weeks to read it, but wound up finishing it within a week.<br />The book started off a little bit slow, but after the first couple of chapters, it picked up because Mrs. de Winter was reminiscing, which is what the novel is about.  The character development within the book was great.  Each distinct characteristic of Maxim, Mrs. Danvers and Mrs. de Winter formed the novel.  They were all different and contributed to the revelation at the end of the book.  I thought it was great.  The end was a little confusing, but when I reread the first couple of chapters, I understood exactly what happened.
B00003CX5A|5.0|A director/actor combination to challange Spielburg/drafus. Sleepy hollow is magnificent and it isnt because of the story or the special effects (which are both strong) its all about the atmosphere, again Burton is Artistic and passionate and it really comes across. An American story told in a cult style, very dark and very mythical. The complexity of the moods and relationships are seemlessly boiled in an atmospheric rolacoster, it has everything. The sword fight at the bridge is one of the best ever. Elfmans score is brilliantly Burton and Ricci is back to her old self. Its almost as if she has slipped into Winnona Ryder's shoes and added another dimension. Depp is a supurb (as usual) because his insane view of life is natural in this 'world'. I saw this movie three times at the theatre as i was afraid that the DVD wouldnt quite have that edge... believe me it does. This is one of my best discs. The music rumbles and the clolours are faultless. Some scenes are obviously sets but you dont care because it fits, and it fits because it is Burton. Thank you Tim.
B000002N3J|5.0|This is one of the best collections of ballads I own. As Madonna states in the liner notes, so much controversy had swirled around her career during the preceeding decade, that little attention ever got paid to her music. Well, this collection shows exactly how good some of that music was. Here are 14 songs  that make for real easy listening. Very relaxing. This is a terrific album, and even folks who are not Madonna fans should be able to appreciate these songs.
B000002MG1|5.0|The title needs no further explanation.
B00003CX8I|4.0|X-Men<br />Score: 84/100<br />I didn't really know what to expect of X-Men. I really wasn't all that excited because I was not exactly a fan of the comics, and I never really cared for superheroes. But this film surprised me beyond belief, I really liked it and I saw it twice at the movies, both times the level of excitement and interest were unbelievably high!<br />In the near future, where children are being born with a special X-Factor in their genes, giving them special powers, and making them &quot;mutants&quot;, the seeds of a new Holocaust are being sewn by Senator Robert Kelly (Bruce Daivson). The situation brings fellow mutants and former friends Erik Lehnsherr, a.k.a. Magneto (Ian McKellen), and Professor Charles Xavier (Patrick Stewart) into opposition. While Xavier seeks to stop the hatred toward mutants peacefully, Magneto seeks to even things out, with a machine that would speed up the mutation process in all humans, making everyone equal. To stop Magneto, Xavier brings together a special group of mutants called &quot;X-Men&quot; to stop him. In the meantime, 2 mysterious mutants, one named Logan (Hugh Jackman), a powerful and agressive mutant with no past, no memories, and a young girl named Rogue (Anna Paquin) emerge. Their quests for identities eventually land them in the sights of Xavier and Magneto, but for what purpose?<br />X-Men is a largely enjoyable and well-paced comic adaption that mixes thrills, action, science and comedy all into 90 minutes, and does it quite superbly. The star-filled cast all have a blast, really bringing the mutants alive, newcomer Hugh Jackman in particular, he's really quite stunning as Wolverine, and he is going to be huge. Famke Jenssen and Halle Berry should've been used more, but the plot is mostly worked around Patrick Stewart and Ian McKellen + Jackman and Anna Paquin, so it really uses up most of the room. But, that's a minor flaw, in an awesomely-decorated, excellently strung-together piece of work that is much better than anyone had the right to expect.<br />Roll on X-Men 2. It can't come soon enough!
0393038912|5.0|\\"Guns, Germs, and Steel: the Fates of Human Societies\\" by Jared Diamond<br />Normally, when I read an argumentative book I attempt to find holes and flaws in logic, in an attempt to sift through to the persuasive.  As I read Diamond, perhaps that critical faculty ebbed - more likely, I just found myself ebullient at finding a book that so deftly unites history (and pre-history) with science.  No major criticism comes to mind, though I'm sure with the amount of information packed into 425 pages, experts in their respective fields might have differing perspectives on the more contentious archaeological and historical issues that Diamond presents (e.g. dating of migrations like Clovis - though Diamond seems fairly careful to differentiate between his views and those having more consensus.).  <br />Abstracting Diamond, my only real analogy could be a computer program called SimCity, which allows a person to tinker with a city's fauna and geography and observe the results. It's a SimCivilization view of human history.  Rather than looking primarily at isolated incidents, say, the assassination of Abe Lincoln, it is sort of a meta-history that looks at the trends of history and tries to correlate those trends with geographic variables.  Diamond's explanations span continents, showing that Australia and Tasmania's until recent technological backwardness is linked to the nutrient-poor and metal limited environment, rather than as \\"explained\\" by the 19th century colonialist ethnocentric presuppositions (or to put it in a less biased manner the technology the Aborigines had met the need of different conditions, and had less resources to build upon) .  <br />The European conquest of the Americas, likewise had to do with the isolation of the complex societies of the Americas by latitude differentials (slowing the spread of agriculture from one place to another, versus the East West axis of Eurasia which promoted the spread of domesticated crops across a wide area) and natural boundaries, coupled most importantly with a relative lack of native domesticable species.  The biological and scientific components of Diamond's theorizing come into the fore when he discusses the nature of epidemic diseases, and their spread from livestock to human hosts, which leads to human populations with greater immunity over many generations in areas so effected (if they aren't hit at one stroke with wave after wave of diseases with entirely no immunity as happened with most of the former inhabitants of North America.).      <br />I think one of the things that excited me the most about Diamond was the stark contrast in his method of history in comparison to my rather dismal experiences with some other \\"historians\\" (Diamond is a professor of physiology).   Sure, Diamond has ideological views, but they aren't the whole interpretive lens, and don't bog down his prose.  He brings observations to the table, and doesn't overtly bring a non-empirical ideological prism through which history must be explained (though of course there may be the turf-defending rote charge of scientism, in which case I await the postmodern attempt to deconstruct paleontology as successfully as Sokal (?) mockingly deconstructed physics.  Why at 2500 B.C.E. do the humanities' explanations suddenly become omnipotent?  So the humanities and history chairs at universities can feel like what they're doing is important, and equally so?)
B00004UEDR|4.0|28 Days<br />Score: 72/100<br />Boy, it has been some time since Sandra Bullock has made a good movie. Speed 2: Cruise Control and Forces With Nature were both serious flops with critics around the globe, and she hasn't been very well respected for a long time. But, this will be the film that puts her on track. 28 Days is a well-made and thought-provoking film that is much better than it looks, and it deserves a wide audience.<br />Gwen Cummings (Sandra Bullock) is a New York writer who just can't say no to drink or drugs. After crashing her sister's wedding car and ruining her wedding cake, Gwen is ordered into a rehabilitation centre, where she spends the next 28 days. At first she doesn't have much respect for the centre and tries to escape, but as her toxic levels come down, she gradually realises that maybe she can turn her life around.<br />The plot may sound lousy, but it isn't. It deals with human emotions properly and in a moving way, and 28 Days is able to put a smile on your lips and make tears come out of your eyes. Bullock is a stunner in this film, she is perfectly cast as Gwen, while Steve Buscemi is as brilliant as he always is, no doubt about that. Azura Skye, who co-stars as a friend of Gwen's, lights up the screen in an ignored performance which deserves praise. Susannah Grant, scriptwriter, seems to have a thing for making good actresses come back to their great standards. In the same year of release as 28 Days, Grant wrote Erin Brockovich, a brilliant legal drama that made Julia Robert's get the career-best nod. Now she can fix Sandra Bullock, and this could very well be Bullock's best film.<br />It has it's problems, some major ones, but 28 Days remains a worthy watch for all ages.
B000056K04|4.0|good allbum dmb is a goood band. there 1st allbum in 4 years is :) (that meens good) any way i did it (there 1st single from the album) is a :-) (which meens sweatly good is that damhm good) buy this cd and remember neb makes good allbum reviews oh and did i forget to metion :) lol
B00004U30D|5.0|American Beauty<br />Score: 99/100<br />Wow...no, I mean that. American Beauty is a film that takes my breath away each time I watch it, and every time I do watch it, I notice something newer, something more exciting and something more funny. There is honestly no other movie like this, and if you haven't seen it, there is something donged in your head, and you must do so now.<br />Lester Burnham (Kevin Spacey) is in a mid-life crisis, caused by his stressed wife Carolyn (Annette Bening) and rebelling teenage daughter Jane (Thora Birch). When Lester and Carolyn go watch Jane cheerleading, they meet Angela Hayes (Mena Suvari), and Lester, caught in sudden lust for Angela, decides to change his life. Angela and Jane's friendship is not all it seems, too, because Angela only brags about how many times she's done it with guys and stuff. That doesn't help an already insecure Jane very much but she finds solace in the arms of the next-door-neighbours' son, Ricky Fitts (Wes Bentley). Ricky, himself from a broken home as well, and Jane find they have a lot in common and eventually turn out to be soulmates.<br />Everything about this film is so darkly clear, it is extremely obvious why the Academy loved it, and it is very obvious to see that I love it. Spacey brings Lester wildly to life in a performance reminiscent of Spacey's acting coach Jack Lemmon. Also on top form is Annette Bening, in an over-controlled performance that is just so instantly loveable. While all the attention went to these performers, it is also Thora Birch (especially), Mena Suvari, Wes Bentley and a quiet Allison Janney that manage to steal the show just as much. Sam Mendes is an excellent director, this is his first feature, and he is a British man directing an American-based film! And he won an Oscar for it! That's an amazing achievement, ditto to Alan Ball, who's script is effectively a stunner and an instant winner.<br />The best film of 1999, the best film of the decade and for now anyways, American Beauty stands tall as the best film ever made.
6305841861|5.0|When i heard that the studios were making aa special edition of evil dead 2 I immediatly went on the hunt for it, and it was worth it. This DVD ROCKS! The special features are great especially the commentary I never laughed so loud like i did with this one, they joke about everything from the sound effects to jewelery! The trailer was well made, and the video game preview was modest, I didn't really enjoy the game itself but it's worth a rental. BUY THIS OR ILL SWALLOW YOUR SOUL!!!!
0783246641|4.0|American Psycho<br />Score: 78/100<br />American Psycho is not what I expected it to be. I thought it would be part of the \\"I Still Know What Mrs. Tingle Did With You Idle Hands Last Friday the 13th\\" routine, but this individual and occasionally stunning feature is a real horror film for a real adult audience.<br />Patrick Bateman (Christian Bale) is a respected Wall Street businessman by day. Outside of work, though, he is an accomplished serial killer. After the murder of a rival, Paul Allen (Jared Leto), a private investigator (Willem Dafoe) starts to pick up his trail as Bateman starts to go mental in covering his tracks.<br />The plot is fairly thin on the ground, and the film has a poor shoot-out finale, but this is still an imaginable, carefully crafted film that is highly controversial because of it's continuous violence and rather odd sexual themes, but Christian Bale and Mary Harron work excellently and co-operate well together to make this film hugely successful with both critics and our friends at the box office. The film has a lot of laugh-out-loud funny moments, but if you're expecting a horror-thriller type, you won't be disappointed. There is no shortage of shocks; one immediately scary part is where Bateman chases his regular prostitute around a hotel room with a terrifying chainsaw sound. Christian Bale's performance is another great thing about this great movie; he perfectly catches Bateman's rise and fall with excellent acting skills and awesome narration.<br />Both hip and cool, American Psycho is an underrated little movie that deserves praise.
0783107986|5.0|As a young boy, the local public television station would show this documentary on early Sunday mornings, and I became engrossed in its content.  I initially watched this British production to better understand the experience my grandfather endured as a serviceman during the Second World War, but came away exposed to much more than just those parts of the war that he could call his own.  In my opinion, no other war documentary, and I hold several in my home collection, can convey this message better.  Any member of subsequent generations that desires to see what &quot;complete and total war&quot; is, with all the horror and destruction it entails, this collection is the very best A/V around.  It laid the basis for a lifelong study and deep appreciation for a war that to this day touches the lives of people around the world, though they may not even realize it.<br />[....]  If you don't own A World At War and you are a WWII buff, I strongly urge you to purchase it.  Its a little weak on the Pacific war though and has an overtone more suited to that of a European, but since the British war, excluding the China-Burma-India theater and Borneo-Sumatra, was primarily a backyard war, the production scheme is understandable.  Still, nothing on the subject comes close to touching its quality.  If you haven't seen it, you want be dissatisfied.
B00003CWN2|5.0|Boys Don't Cry<br />Score: 91/100<br />Boys Don't Cry, huh? It's got a director we've never heard of, a bunch of new actors and a story about a sexual identity crisis. It doesn't sound very appealing. But, what cinema-goers around the world have got out of this little masterpiece is much more than you'd expect, and Boys Don't Cry has quickly become one of the best independent films of the `90's.<br />Brandon Teena (Hilary Swank) is the popular new guy in a tiny Nebraska town. He hangs out with the guys, drinking, cussing, and bumper surfing, and he charms the young women, who've never met a more sensitive and considerate young man. Life is good for Brandon, now that he's one of the guys and dating hometown beauty Lana Tisdel (Chloe Sevigny). However, he's forgotten to mention one important detail. It's not that he's wanted in another town for GTA and other assorted crimes, but that Brandon Teena is actually a woman named Teena Brandon. When Brandon's best friends make this discovery, his life eventually is ripped apart by betrayal, humiliation, rape, and murder.<br />This moving and unexpected story is bought to life by a marvellous script by Kimberley Pierce and Andy Bienen; all the scenes are worth watching and all the dialogue is excellently thought-out. Pierce, who also directs, shows excellent potential, the rape scene in particular captures her brilliance and taut direction. The performances are all masterful; Hilary Swank who wins a well-deserved Oscar for her role as Brandon Teena; Chloe Sevigny who was nominated for an Oscar and should've won, her performance burns in the memory. Also some acting and small efforts that went unnoticed in Boys Don't Cry make it more worth watching, including Peter Sarsgaard's portrayal of the horribly nice-guy-turned bad John Lotter and also Nathan Larson for his haunting score.<br />Groundbreaking performances, immaculate direction and a stunningly brutal script make Boys Don't Cry an unmissable first feature.
0783107986|5.0|As a young boy, the local public television station would show this documentary on early Sunday mornings, and I became engrossed in its content.  I initially watched this British production to better understand the experience my grandfather endured as a serviceman during the Second World War, but came away exposed to much more than just those parts of the war that he could call his own.  In my opinion, no other war documentary, and I hold several in my home collection, can convey this message better.  Any member of subsequent generations that desires to see what &quot;complete and total war&quot; is, with all the horror and destruction it entails, this collection is the very best A/V around.  It laid the basis for a lifelong study and deep appreciation for a war that to this day touches the lives of people around the world, though they may not even realize it.<br />I don't know what has happened with the price, but Amazon's price is excellent.  I have seen the same collection in stores over the years for 4 to 5 times as much, which may have been attributed to the fact that it is a foreign- produced film documentary.  If you don't own A World At War and you are a WWII buff, I strongly urge you to purchase it.  Its a little weak on the Pacific war though and has an overtone more suited to that of a European, but since the British war, excluding the China-Burma-India theater and Borneo-Sumatra, was primarily a backyard war, the production scheme is understandable.  Still, nothing on the subject comes close to touching its quality.  If you haven't seen it, you want be dissatisfied.
B00003CXDG|4.0|Mission: Impossible 2<br />Score: 74/100<br />I'll admit I wasn't exactly a very big fan of 1996's release, Mission: Impossible and I found myself wondering why I had bought myself tickets to the sequel while I was squirming around, waiting for the movie to start. Well, as it turns out, Mission: Impossible 2 is an example of a film that stylishly surpasses it's original, and it was well worth the money I paid.<br />IMF agent Ethan Hunt (Tom Cruise) has been sent on a mission to retrieve and destroy the supply of a genetically created disease called 'Chimera'. His mission is made impossible due to the fact that he is not the only person after samples of the disease. He must also contest with a gang of international terrorist headed by a turned bad former IMF agent who has already managed to steal the cure called 'Bellerophon' and now need 'Chimera' to complete their grand plan of infecting the whole world. In order to infiltrate and locate the terrorist group he relies on the help of an international thief Nyah (Thandie Newton) of whom he quickly develops a love interest. Time is not only running out for Agent Hunt to find and destroy 'Chimera' before the terrorists get their hands on it, but he must also find 'Bellerophon' so as to save his love interest who has already become infected by the disease from a terrible and rapid death.<br />The story is a bit on-edge, but, hell, who cares? You'll be having so much fun that you won't even notice the small flaws! The cast all get really involved in Mission: Impossible 2, especially Tom Cruise and Thandie Newton who light up the screen as two hip, adventurous go-getter's slowly falling for each other. Anthony Hopkins and Ving Rhames also have a blast of a time, Hopkins in particular, who, in his 3-minute screen appearance, manages to steal most of the movie. Director John Woo always assures that we will be having a blast watching Mission: Impossible 2, and he uses so many cool techniques in this sequel that you're smile is bound to get wider and wider with every minute.<br />Flaws aside, this is a thrilling, breathtakingly shot movie that deserves the wide audience it got.
B000056K04|4.0|I just got my copy of &quot;Everyday&quot; today, thinking that if I didn't like it, I could pass it on to my brother.  My brother is not going to get it for a while.<br />I discovered DMB recently, and became addicted to pretty much any live material I could get a hold on.  I would go back to listening the studio tracks, and with a very few exceptions (BTCS's &quot;Crush&quot;, for example), I favor the live performances.  I can say that pretty much any DMB fan can say that.<br />The tracks on &quot;Everyday&quot; did not dissapoint me... they don't rock my world yet, but that will only happen after the live album featuring this material is released.  The songs have great potential, we'll just have to sit and wait.  <br />What strikes me the most is how most of the tracks have a root on classic DMB (&quot;Lie in Our Graves&quot;, &quot;#36&quot;)... My favorites, without a doubt, are &quot;The Space Between&quot;, &quot;So Right&quot; (if only they'd replace the synthesizers with acoustic guitar...), &quot;If I had it all&quot;, and &quot;Everyday&quot;.<br />It's not all glory from Crash and Red Rocks, could have used less glitz (and I don't mean the electric guitar... evolution is fine as long as the core remains the same, I insist the synthesizers are responsible for the &quot;watering down&quot; of the sound).  It is nonetheless a great album.  Give it a chance and be patient for the tour... and count your blessings because some of us probably won't get to hear the live sound until the next live release!
6305807043|5.0|Being John Malkovich<br />Score: 95/100<br />I will start this review by saying: Academy Awards. They've got it all wrong haven't they? Nominating The Insider and The Cider House Rules over this brilliant masterpiece is a huge mistake. Being John Malkovich attracted more attention to cinema-goers than both the two films did, and while they are extremely good ones, did not deserve to get nominated over this almost-perfect crowdpleaser, which should've got nominated for Best Picture and at least 7 other awards. And it only got nominated for 3 and didn't win any! Okay, okay, I'll stop the moaning and get on with the review, now. But that was a warning to the Academy to GET IT RIGHT the next time an immediate classic such as this comes along.<br />Craig (John Cusack), a puppeteer, takes a filing job in a low-ceilinged office in Manhattan. Although married to the slightly askew Lotte (Cameron Diaz), he hits on a colleague, the sexually frank Maxine (Catherine Keener). She's bored but snaps awake when he finds a portal leading inside John Malkovich: for 15 minutes you see, hear, and feel whatever JM is doing, then you fall out by the New Jersey Turnpike. Maxine makes it commercial, selling trips for $200; also, she's more interested in Lotte than in Craig, but only when Lotte is inside JM. JM finds out what's going on and tries to stop it, but Craig sees the portal as his road to Maxine and to success as a puppeteer. Meanwhile, Lotte discovers others interested in the portal. <br />This film is not only an immediate classic as I said earlier, but it's the best movie idea of the 20th century. And the script should've got more attention than it did, ditto the performances from Keener, Malkovich, Diaz and Cusack, all lighting up the screen with comical and enjoyable performances. Spike Jonze's direction however, was most successful for a debut, and the world is now dying for his next feature. But, at the end of the day, Charlie Kaufman's script is the part of this excellentfilm that makes it really worth watching, his comically ingenious writing is ultimately bizarre, but inspiringly clever and mind-numbing all the same.<br />You'll never see another movie like this. Please, make one day of your life better and rent this. Or just go and buy it straight out. Either way, you won't regret it.
B000056PWV|5.0|OH MY GOSH!  I HAVE NEVER SEEN THIS FILM LOOK SO GOOD IN MY LIFE.  I HAD A COPY OF THIS FILM, WHICH WAS RELEASED IN THE 80'S, BUT THIS PRINT WAS MUCH BETTER.  JIMMY STEWART AND GRACE KELLY ARE SUPERB AS JEFF AND LISA, THE TWO LOVERS WHO ARE CAUGHT UP IN MURDER AND MAHEM!!!  AND RAYMOND BURR IS WONDERFUL AS THE HUSBAND WHO IS KNOWN TO HAVE KILLED HIS WIFE!!!  a MUST-SEE FOR ALL HITCHCOCK, STEWART, OR KELLY FANS!!!!!!!!!!
0553208845|5.0|This is an amazing book about one man's search for enlightenment. It's simple language makes it an easy read, but the philosophy and thought behind it requires you to think. there is so much siddhartha can teach you.
B00004XOWM|1.0|And what I mean by that is, don't be suprised that this album is utter crap.  Now hold on you MTV fans, before you start cursing at me like &quot;LIMP BIZKIT ROOLZ!&quot;, hear me out.  This isn't just another one of your anti-fred reviews(even though most are correct on their subjects).  But I'll tell you why we REAL rock fans are so angry at this &quot;CD&quot;(if you can call it that) that Fred Du-- oh, excuse me, Limp Bizkit has flopped together.     You all should have known since the release of Significant Other.  The album just didn't connect to the first; sure having new material and singing about new stuff is great, but it's like it wasn't even the same band.  Like some other reviewer said, Fred changed, he stopped screaming and frankly lost all the real energy he had(Break Stuff is just mediocre, you don't have to blast the volume of a real hardcore song i.e. Stuck).  The second part of Significant Other that I found to be predicting the future is the outro of the CD(w/ Matt Pinfield).  Matt is raving and ranting about a new generation of rock and how there needs to be a revolution, and at the end he's saying something to the matter of &quot;God fred, this is just crap, we need something new&quot;.  And the thing that ultimately foresees the future of music is when Fred asks, &quot;But what about Limp Bizkit?&quot;  BAM, right there.  That statement alone is just how Fred makes his music today, &quot;I don't care for the rock, just the image&quot; crap.  While Pinfield is raving like hell that today's music sucks, all Fred can do is care about himself(or his band for that matter).  He doesn't care for rock, the future of music, or how any of the real fans feel about his material; his ultimate goal is just for one thing: The almighty dollar.  He wants to put down your $ so he can put money in his own pockets without having to worry about the actual material that's on the CD.  He can use the same riffs,drum beats, and lyrics and still get quick cash from those majority following suckers that will buyh anything that MTV throws at them.  So if you like this Coporate Glam-&quot;Rock&quot;/Crap music, be my guest, throw your money away and dance away to this garbage that won't even matter in 3 months.     Funny how I used to get made fun of for liking Limp Bizkit when I was in 7th grade(1997), and now people make fun of others for NOT listening to Limp Bizkit.  Hypocrites.    Decide for yourself what's good or what isn't, I'm here to merely tell you the real purpose of Durst and his band, they aren't rebels, badasses, or even hardcore, they're a bunch of wanna-bes out for your hard-earned(hopefully)cash.  Peace.
B00001NFCY|2.0|Creed's first album, My Own Prison, was a smash rock album. They brought a sound that hadn't been heard for years. With this second album, they've sold out. They changed their sound in order to get airplay (overplay) and you just get so sick of them and Stapp's &quot;blessed&quot; attitude. What happened to their rock sound. They've gone commercial and they're just another pop band now, unfortunately.
B000059ZLH|4.0|I was at this show and it was good.  Because Roseland was general admission I kept rubbing up againest some foreign girl.  It was good.  Dream Theater was good too.  Scenes From Memory from start to finish, then they took a break and showed a video of weird stuff ( Willy Wonka, some naked guy giving himself oral, scarface, reservoir dogs, etc. , Metroplois Part 1, Change Of Seasons, Learning to live, Some LTE stuff, Erotomania, Voices, Silent Man, other stuff I don't remember.  DT is the best band ever as well as Tool.  Buy this DVD and be fat forever......................................................................................................................FAT!!!!
B00004TL21|5.0|Some bands make it big, some sell out, others evolve.  And in the case of the Deftones, they have evolved.  Most of their fans can agree that they've come a long way from 1995's &quot;Adrenaline&quot;.  Trading in their previous &quot;nu-metal&quot; riffs for a slower, almost Tool influenced sound, &quot;White Pony&quot; shows the true range and melody that the Deftones are truly capable of.  While it does have tracks that go back to their roots, i.e. &quot;Street Carp&quot;, &quot;Elite&quot;, it also has some of the most beautifuly composed songs they've ever created, such as Chino's tribute to his girlfriend, &quot;RX Queen&quot;, to &quot;Teenager&quot; a track going back to the innocence of high school love.  So if you're in a mood to be rowdy, I recommend &quot;Adrenaline&quot; or &quot;Around the Fur&quot;.  But &quot;White Pony&quot; is truly for those willing to find the limits of their musical tastes.
B000056K04|4.0|DMB has always been synomymous with acoustic, tight, improvisational, metaphorical, lyrical music.  Even on &quot;Before These Crowded Streets&quot;, you can hear each instrument take its place in the chord, rolling along to Dave's unique voice, which is really just another instrument.  In &quot;Everyday&quot;, this is different, but that's not necessarily a bad thing, as many people seem to think. &quot;Everyday&quot; is not a DMB album.  Do not mistake it for one. Boyd Tinsley, Leroi Moore, Stefan Lessard, and, to a point, Carter Beauford, are not there to jam with Dave as the equals that they are in all the other albums, and on the tours.  They are there to support Dave.   This is Dave Matthews' Album, not DMB's.  He is a new person... baritone guitar, pop drum beat behind him, voice intense on every track... right there, in your face.  Do not sell it short, though.  It is still a beautiful album, and may be so simply because it is so different.  Change, though, is good.yday once again reestablishes the DMB as a band like no other.  Die hard fans will no doubt realize that the true power of these songs cannot be fully appreciated until the new tour begins.  Until then, buy Everyday and enjoy!
B000002NIW|4.0|I think that most people are able to notice the change in the Deftones sound between &quot;Adrenaline&quot; and their second album.  The most noticeable change being that the Deftones finally begin to develop their own sound, with more melody and depth to not just the vocals but the music as well.  With the almost balladish songs like &quot;Be Quiet and Drive(Far Away), and &quot;Mascara&quot;, the Deftones almost show a &quot;softer&quot; side, if you will.  But they are still capable of showing rage on tracks like &quot;Around the Fur&quot; and &quot;My Own Summer(Shove It)&quot;.  Would I call them heavy, yes, but metal?  While it may be as heavy as &quot;Adrenaline&quot; the Deftones are not what you would neccessarily call metal.  But in either case, if you liked &quot;Adrenaline&quot;, this album shouldn't disappoint you.
B00004RHZU|5.0|This is a really good CD to have if you are feeling low. Pink's lyrics and the rhythm of her songs just make you feel good. My personal favorites are &quot;There You Go&quot;, &quot;You Make Me Sick&quot;, and &quot;Most Girls&quot;. I also really like that she's not the dime-a-dozen blonde with a robotic voice. She's very original, and this is not a CD that has 100% love songs (finally!). I would recommend this CD to almost anyone, especially teen girls.
0440133688|4.0|In reading the &quot;House of God,&quot; you may find yourself going deeper into the darkness of the medical profession.  This literary journey parallels Joseph Conrad's &quot;Heart of Darkness.&quot; Conrad recounts an Englishman's psychological descent deep into the Belgian Congo in search of a talented and successful ivory trader.  As the Englishman, Marlow, travels further into the heart of the jungle, he realizes that colonists are misusing their new colony by ravaging and plundering the continent's natural resources and its people.  When Marlow finds Kurtz, he discovers that Kurtz has developed an obsession for power and influence through his raids for ivory.  Similarly, Samuel Shem portrays a similar journey of the \\"best medical students\\" entering the ranks of the medical profession geared to provide the best medical care.  As these students care for their patients on their wards, they realize that the hospital administers are out of touch with the best medical students and the patients that are ultimately under their care.  As time takes them deeper into the health care system, they witness mismanagement, misuse of health care resources, and the dark side of human behavior.  <br />Another comparison can be made with Francis Ford Coppola's &quot;Apocalypse Now.&quot; In &quot;Apocalypse Now,&quot; Colonel Kurtz becomes inoculated to the sites and sounds of death in the Vietnam War. He learns that \\"you must make a friend of horror\\" or you must \\"fear it.\\"  Similarly, Shem portrays how the best medical students must come to grips with this concept before they can treat patients.  The students must learn how to confront death and learn how to use sex and lies to provide the best treatments for their patients.  Thus, their souls become what Conrad portrays Kurtz has having a soul \\"full of unspeakable secrets\\" that \\"knew no restraint, no faith, and no fear.\\"<br />In reading this book and comparing to either of these masterpieces, you will find yourself making a journey deep into communities and minds that keep their inner workings secret. The thoughts and actions that these individuals partake are horrific to outsiders but are necessary mechanisms in keeping sane in an insane world.  You may find yourself embracing Kurtz in \\"the horror, the horror\\" and joining the ranks of individuals who have become hollow due to their surroundings.
B0000041DF|5.0|This recording of Rachmoninoff 3rd by Martha Argerich is simply amazing.. She seems be totally unrestricted and way she phrase is avsolutely mouth watering.... Even though Rach #3 is one of the hardest piece available in the realm of piano literature, Martha Argerich has so much freedom playing this piece because she is a absolute vultuouso. This is the best Rach #3 recording I've ever heard.
B0000508U6|4.0|There's something evidently different between US and UK rock bands. Here's an excellent UK alt-rock band. Coldplay dishes out an album of emotive and guitar-laden tracks that both touches and captivates the listener ultimately. From the sublime sounds of the opener Don't Panic to the hit Yellow and the closing Life Is For Living (hidden track), Coldplay displays a range of heartfelt emotions mostly evident in lead singer Chris Martin's brooding voice. Excellent album, check out some of the band's earlier stuff too!
B0000508U6|5.0|I first heard &quot;Parachutes&quot; while sitting on the floor of a quiet London flat on a rare sunny day.  Even as I attempted to keep calm in the face of the excitement of the person playing this album for me, I knew I had to have it. From the very first jarring note of &quot;Don't Panic&quot; to the last word on the album, I was riveted and absolutely taken with the poetic lyricism and intense music of each song. I don't pretend to be a music expert at all, but I know that an album is worthy, and worth buying when it has the effect upon me that &quot;Parachutes&quot; did.   I bought this c.d. within a week of its release, and have been listening to it since.  I am still drawn to all ten tracks, and await eagerly a second release from a clearly talented and intense group of musicians. Buy this c.d., listen to it, whether on a warm summer day, or a dark winter night, and I suspect you will fall in love, much as I have.
B00000JCOV|5.0|this has to be my 3rd favorite CD right next to Orgy and Mudvayne. I love this band so much. This band is the portal to getting you into other kinds of rock. This band is like Korn meets Hatebreed. The heavy music is amazing! The drums are excellent, as is the bass and Guitar. The vocals are some of my favorite, as are the lyrics. Standout tracks are Liberate, Prosthetics, Eyeless, Me Inside, Sic..... actually, all the songs are awesome except for Tattered and Torn and 742617000027
B00003CXMG|5.0|Above all else, this movie made me remember just how passionately I loved music when I was a teenager.  If you've forgotten just how many hundreds of times you played your favorite records when you were young, this film is for you!!!
B000007T1M|4.0|I bought this expecting a heavy metal moshing Band. But i was wrong. This is a catchy hard rock band. I love this CD. The singer is awesome with his note/octave switching in the middle of a line. The guitar is fast paced and very well done. And the bass and Drums seem to be perfect for each other. The standout tracks are Sugar, SuitePee, Mind, Know, and Spiders.
0440178002|4.0|This is a wonderful book for the lover of Japanese-themed story.  Under a few conditions, that is.  Yeah, we all knew there was a catch.<br />   This story is *not* exactly accurate historically.  Almost all the names of the characters, even the major ones, have been changed some if not completely (Yoshi Toranaga = Tokugawa Ieyasu).  If you know the history of Japan and want to keep straight who's who so you don't get confused, I would recommend keeping a list.  It does eventually become more or less clear who represents whom historically.  <br />   There are probably a few other historical details I'm missing, but I haven't been at Japanese history long.  <br />   Shogun is by all accounts an imposing book (over a thousand pages), but is a very worthwhile read.  Read it when you have some free time, over a summer break or company vacation.  <br />   Finally, this is not a tale for the weak of heart.  Feudal Japan (and this is one facet of history quite accurately portrayed) was a very violent place--everyone did what the daimyo said, peasants' lives meant nothing, and samurai were kings.  Shogun contains several graphics depictions of the Japanese style of thinking and fighting (like the murder of Jozen) and is likely somewhat unsettling to western sensibilities (many readers, particularly those not familiar with the culture, will likely feel the way Blackthrone does about many of these events).<br />   What Shogun has, besides these things listed above, is an amazing intricate and well-woven plot, rich, almost living characters, and everything a novel needs to hook in a reader and keep them there.<br />    ~
B000056K04|1.0|Allright, I've been a dave fan for years now. Not once did I question his music as being &quot;natural.&quot; Before These Crowded Streets sounded to be different than the normal dave, but I got used to it pretty quickly--not to mention the song &quot;Crush&quot; made up for all the controversy on that CD. However, the first time I heard &quot;I Did It.&quot; I was astonished. I could not believe such a well-rounded, fully talented band threw themselves in the trash. <br />I suspected DMB was on the virge of  &quot;selling out&quot; during their Summer tour of 2000. I saw them in my homestate, and quite ironically, the show I was at was one of THREE consecutive shows in the same place. Right then and there I knew DMB was doing it for the money, and NOT the passion. I could tell in the style of play at the stadium, and quite evidently, they stayed on the stage for about at short as possible. <br />It's ashame that such an appreciated band got economically distracted. EVERYDAY is music which represents greed, not music which represents DMB from the heart. <br />If you are new to DMB, start with an older CD. If you are veteran DMB fan like myself, I hate to say it, but DMB as I see it now, has officially sold-out. I sincerely hope this CD gets discouraged ratings from long-time dave fans simply because every member of the DMB needs to know this is not the music we used to know and appreciate.
0486290492|5.0|SENSE AND SENSIBILITY is a story about two sisters, Elinor and Marianne Dashwood, who are as different as night and day.  Elinor represents &quot;sense&quot; - thoughtful, considerate and calm, while Marianne is &quot;sensibility&quot;: wild, emotional, and talented.  The story opens with the death of Old Mr. Dashwood, who leaves his estate to his nephew Mr. Dashwood (the father of Elinor and Marianne).  Mr. Dashwood is about to die as well; he passes the estate to his son by his first wife, John Dashwood.  Unfortunately, he has nothing of value to leave his second wife and their three daughters (Elinor, 19-years-old; Marianne, 17; and Margaret, 13), though he does manage to get John Dashwood to promise to look after them.  But John Dashwood's selfish wife, Fanny, convinces him to give very little.  And so, Mrs. Dashwood moves them to Barton, where they live humbly in a cottage on her distant cousin, Sir John Middleton's, land.<br />Before their move, Elinor had met and fallen in love with Fanny's younger brother Edward Ferrars.  But Fanny and Mrs. Ferrars are much too snobby to let their relationship prevail.  When they moved to the countryside, the two are further separated.  Meanwhile, Marianne's romances are just blossoming in Barton.  She gains the admiration of Colonel Brandon, but she prefers young, dashing Willoughby, who helps her home one day when she fell and twisted her ankle.  This however proves disastrous, as Willoughby abandons Marianne for wealthy Miss Sophia Grey after a long, intimate friendship.  Elinor is also suffering from love-loss.  She discovers that Edward had been engaged for four years to Miss Lucy Steele, a distant relative of Mrs. Jennings (Sir John Middleton's mother-in-law).  At this point, &quot;sense&quot; and &quot;sensibility&quot; seem to coincide and we learn that we must have both &quot;sense&quot; and &quot;sensibility&quot; in a balanced, corroborated manner to have a truly blissful life.<br />The story is very interesting and entertaining, though Austen tended to drone a lot between events.  In my opinion, she spent too much time trying to convey Elinor's judgement during parties and other social gatherings (which was wayyyy too often).  On the whole, this was a wonderful book, full of fun and surprises (especially at the end!).  I highly recommend this book to people at or above the age of 14 (which is how old I am, and I'm telling you it was a bit of a stretch for me - or maybe it was just that I was a little impatient to get my AR reading points).  My only advice is have patience, prepare for a lot of rereading (things can get kinda confusing - there were a little too many characters for my comfort), and to watch the movie (fabulous!) afterward.  Enjoy!
B00004Y6TQ|5.0|Absolutely beautiful and entrancing in the careful weaving of sounds to create glorious music ... Bjork's angelic shrieks and chants truly make the album.  Thom Yorke's appearance on &quot;I've Seen It All&quot; is a delightful treat to listen to, and only adds to the splendid album.  Somehow, from a loud, dissonant cacophony of sound, Bjork yet again has managed to pull out a long string of pure melody, achieveing orderly perfection within chaos.  I have completey and totally fallen in love with this album.  Bjork and non-Bjork fans alike will adore the album;  it's well worth the money.
B000008DA5|4.0|I purchased and listened to smiley smile/wild honey hoping that it would capture some of the essence of my smile bootleg lp's. Regrettably it did not. <br />As others have said already, smile could have been a touchstone of rock music and was stillborn. <br />Get the bootleg if you can.  If you can't this is not a bad substitute.
B000002HJR|5.0|Fans of bands such as Pantera, CoC, Crowbar, EyeHateGod, Acid Bath and Soilent Green all know that familiar and great taste of New Orleans style-metal. It is truly amazing and jawdropping, not to mention damn addictive. Hearing that the members of some above bands comprised Down, I figured this cd would be fair, yet not a match to the aforementioned greats. I was dead wrong. I would say this album is greater than the other band's works. Kicking this album off is Temptations Wings, a true opener in every sense, as Phil Anselmo's screams are matched with competent guitar playing from Pepper Keenan and Kirk Windstein and great drumming from EHG's Jim Bower. The songs continue in aweing fashion, not neccessarily heavy, but very well performed. I myself believe Phil is in top form here, as his lyrics have not been this good EVER. Phil is known for his vulgar screams in Pantera, but here he shows both his mellow and demonic sides. Man, he has a helluva set of pipes. The guitar riffs are good, and have a distinct Southern feel that gives it a special flavor. And also, Jim Bower proves himself to be a great drummer, not to mention a great guitarist for EHG. Top songs include Temptations Wings, Lifer, and Stone the Crow.<br />Without a doubt, this is one of metal's finest hours.
6304765789|5.0|This is one of the greatest movies I've even seen.  It has many plot twists, lots of suspence and an ending that fits perfectly with the rest of the movie.   If you want to see a movie that you will honestly remember for a long time, watch The Game
6305499365|4.0|. . . if this movie didn't hit so damned close to home it made me feel like crying at the utter pointlessness of it all.  I'm talking, of course, about the satirization of cubicle misery that this movie pulls off so painfully well.  I feel like giving this video to every upper level executive so they can look in the mirror at what phony squareheads their jobs have turned them into.  Humans WEREN'T meant to do the same thing day in and day out until they reach their sixties.  So why do we do it?  Bills, that's why.  I feel depressed after watching this movie, not elated.  Monotony isn't a word, it's a sentence.
B00000JJQK|3.0|This is some ways is typical MOR '60s music,similar to Simon &amp; Garfunkel in a way.Sweet,poppy,often profound,but trapped in a musical timewarp.I would recommend it to misty eyed romantics and the like,also fans of Sgt Pepper,Rubber Soul et al.But having said this,objectively speaking this CD is not up with the best ever,although probably one of the sixties.So if buying this album for the first time,dont expect too much,just a laid back light pop album,otherwise you may come away disappointed.Just think Simon &amp; Garfunkel or Mamas &amp; The Papas and you have the idea.Just dont expect a Sgt Pepper or Ok Computer and you will probably love this fluffy masterpiece!
B000006045|5.0|If you are my age, old enough to have actually seen the Beatles in person at the Bowl, you may be thinking that there is no new good music out there. Well, think again. Massive Attack's Mezzanine is so good, so multilayered and so continually surprising that the CD has been in my car for a year now, and I still have trouble changing it for something else. The group mixes jazz, soul, classical, rock, techno and rap, and never ceases to be absolutely perfect. The music is terrific, always cool, even cold, but the very emotional vocalists play a brilliant counterpoint to the cold perfection of the music.  If you are at all interested in the evolution of music, and in really good new music, get this album, which just may be the best album I've ever heard. (who won the grammy that year, anyway? whatever it was, it couldn't be as good as this album)I also recommend Portishead and Radiohead as pioneers in creating contemporary music that is well worthwhile, off the beaten track, to be sure, but these guys are artists whose output is small but exquisite.
0920668372|5.0|This is such a powerful, sweet little story. Every time I read it to my kids I get choked up.. have to stop.. try to pull myself together. It's very emotional, without being morose at all. Just a simple story, a sweet little song, and a &quot;circle of life&quot; theme that, in its simplicity, has this amazing power to bring one to tears.<br />And it's not just me; I handed this one to my friend to read in a bookstore, and she started crying, too. I joined in, and we were both very embarrassed, and laughing and crying at the same time. <br />You have to read this one for yourself, in order to understand. The story itself does not appear to be wringing out one's emotions intentionally; it's just there, a simple little song, but it just sort of pulls on one's heart and creates this wonderful effect.<br />Recommended, but don't blame me if you cry over it.
B000001G53|5.0|Even though many love his Dresden Meistersinger, I think this Parsifal is Karajans greatest Wagner recording. He challenges the Berlin Philharmonic to the most sublime sounds imaginable, the orchestral performance is nothing short of superhuman, but Karajans conducting is also very humane and humble, he may not be as stirring as Knappertsbusch, but in his own sound-world he is fantastic. His cast is far more satisfying than in his Ring or Tristan recordings. Top honors go to the towering Gurnemanz of Kurt Moll, who sings so beautifully he could be singing Mozart. Jose van Dam is every bit as good. The Parsifal and the Kundry are not in that class, but they are very acceptable. All in all, this is the finest Parsifal recording since Knappertsbusch Bayreuth recording. As for the competition, I cant recommend Levines DG recording with Placido Domingo, its much too slow and soporiphic; good as the Met Orchestra is, they are nowhere near the Berlin Philharmonic. On the other hand, Baremboim is much better, and he also has the BPO in resplendent form. His trump card is Waltraud Meier as Kundry, the best Kundry of the last 50 years, but his Gurnemanz is not in Molls class.
B00003CXBK|5.0|This is by far without a shadow of a dout, the best anime I've ever seen.  You have your thirst for action quenched in the gory and well done fight sequencses and a plot and cast of characters that is in short, top notch. Even someone who doesn't like anime can get into this story of the ill effects of hate, the environment and love. Even the American voice acting is good compared to most other translated movies that range from okay to absolutley sucky. Truly breakthrough entertainment, enjoy.
B000023VR9|4.0|I'll admit that I like rap.  But I don't like to hear cussing.  So with Dr. Dre 2001 (Edited) you can hear awsome rap and tunes and not have to worry about hearing all the fowel language.<br />If anybody feels the same as me then this is the cd to get.
B00000HYXB|5.0|Over six months after purchasing this, I still cannot stop listening to it. The Silmarillion is one of my favorite books, with its many stories of epic tragedy. Nightfall in Middle Earth perfectly captures in music the emotions I feel when I read the book. The music is suitably agressive or mellow in all the right places, the lyrics retell the themes accurately, while the singing by Hansi Krsch has to be heard to be believed.     With that said, those unfamiliar with Tolkien might be overwhelmed by the amount of background material in the songs. On the other hand, they might be convinced to read the book after hearing the music. Meanwhile, those who do not listen to heavy metal may find the music overwhelmingly harsh, as seems to have happened to a few earlier reviewers. For what it is worth, the music is not particularly heavy for the genre, but only in comparison to what is normally played on the radio in the USA.     So in sum, this CD is recommended to everyone who enjoys reading Tolkein and listening to heavy metal. I trust you will find, as I did, that listening to Nightfall in Middle Earth is a tremendously rich experience.
B00004Z459|5.0|This band is the best! Chester is an extremely talented vocalist, and every one else brings their own styles together to form a unique, awesome sound. My personal favorites would have to be In The End(Track 8), By Myself(7), and Papercut(1).If you don't already own this CD, buy it!!!
B00003CXMG|5.0|Almost famous is a young autobiography of director Cameron Crowe. The movie is based on a young writers big break to write an article for Rolling Stone magazine.  We follow the rocky road to rock-n-roll stardom as this young writer tours with the band. Don't miss this film.
B00004Z4WQ|4.0|This is a great movie to watch with the guys, and not with your girlfriend. This movie has its moments when it makes fun of The Matrix, Scream, and The 6th Sense, among others. This movie really doesn't have much of a plot, but that's the point. If you watch this, you need to be in a slap happy attitude and it will be much better. It's sexual jokes can either add to your enjoyment, or ruin it completely. As I said, if you're watching this with your friends, it will be much better. <br />I added another star for all the extras on the DVD. Everyone likes extra stuff, and this DVD has it. It's special features include: additional scenes, behind the scenes, and the theatrical trailer. And if you're watching this on a computer you get even more features: screensaver, screenplay viewer, character profiles, and the guide to the Scary Movie. Overall, this is a good funny movie with lots of extras.
B000050XEI|2.0|I have always like Enya and was excited to get this album when I heard the &quot;only time&quot; song.  But when I played it despite some lovely songs, it was so short!  Really I have to say not my money's worth.  I think it is only 38 minutes or so, just enough time to get into the mood and then it stops on YOU!  I think it is much more worthwhile to listen to her other albums.  Enya, I know you have more songs in there!  Add a few more next time.  I dont even usally write reviews, so this had to really bother me to get on the computer and do so!
B000059MEK|4.0|I've been waiting for this Daft CD for months now. Everyone seems to either hate this CD, or love it. Yes, it is different, and yes, some of these tracks won't show up in your favorite club until they are remixed...but this album is beautiful. One More Time is a cheesy anthem. Get ready to hear it at all the club baby's weddings. It will replace Kool and the Gang's Celebrate. Aerodynamic is by far the best song on this album, and with a good remix, and some extra time on it, it will keep you bumpin for a while. I believe Harder Faster Stronger is a gem of song on this album. I heard FatBoy Slim add it into his mix this weekend at the Comic Relief benefit..its bleeds bass. Overall, be prepared to hear a retro-disco lovin, 80's splash of house. I give this album 4 stars because some of these tracks arent long enough. They need more time. Oh, and fellas, get rid of the Robot uniforms...its time to Grow up. This album definetly proved you're ready.
B000056K04|1.0|Dear lord, what has gotten into the band I fall asleep every night to?  I love the long, drawn-out, intricate songs DMB used to create.  I downloaded 'I Did It' off of Napster prior to the album's release, was initially shocked when I saw the track time of 3 minutes and 35 seconds, was even more shocked when I listened to the electric guitar-induced intro, and didn't bother listening to the rest of the song.  Now, I have nothing against the &quot;loud, blaring electic sound&quot; theme that seems to be in a lot of bands these days.  I listen to a few of them myself.  But dear lord, this is Dave Matthews Band.  The guys I claimed as my gods the first time I listened to Crush a couple of years back.  What happened to the earnest, deep sound that sucks people in more and more as they listen?  I ended up buying Everyday anyway at a store near my school, but every time I attempt to listen to it, I end up leaving the room.  I blame Glen Ballard.
B000001GKC|5.0|Karajan ended his recording career with this CD.  It is difficult to avoid the easy cliches that come with this comment. I will just say that although Karajan was not one of my favorites, I am more than ready to admit that quite often he reached greatness, and this CD is one of those occasions.  This is definitely the best 7th symphony of Bruckner that I have heard.  The keen understanding that Karajan had of it, and the magical tool of the Wiener Philharmonic pretty much assures us that it will be a while until anybody comes up with a better interpretation.  The 7th is reputedly the \\"easiest\\" symphony for the neophyte.  I think that perhaps it is the less demanding of them, even the simplest.  Too often it is played without much scope.  Karajan here shows us that the 7th should not be taken for granted and that it speaks to the deeper recess of our soul as much as its companions.  However he does not stop there and he shows us the sunnier aspects of the music of Bruckner, nowhere more apparent than in this work, except perhaps curiously in some passages of the 4th.  I would say that the understanding of this balance by Karajan is what makes this recording so great.
B000059XYL|5.0|Oh Piper Perabo you've hit home with this one!  This movie had my full attenion from begining to end!  Violet Stanford (Piper Perabo) plays the part of an up and coming song writer who can't get her songs heard unless she sings them herself at auditions.  She suffers from severe stage fright and in the mean time she over hears three gals talking of making $300.00 a night or better at a bar called coyote ugly, where she ends up getting a job. The bar scenes are hysterical for the most part, if bars were really like that i'd start going!  Without spoiling the end of this movie... I'll just say that for any of you who's ever had a dream this is one inspiring movie, a must see on any ones list!!!
B000002AQQ|5.0|Not only was the movie good so was the soundtrack.  It had a lot of good Bands and great hits.
B00003CXFG|4.0|After finishing the movie &quot;Pitch Black,&quot; I was reminded of the review I wrote for &quot;Urban Legend,&quot; and I began to ponder how the plot structure of that movie was a bit similar to this movie. As with &quot;Legend,&quot; I feel that &quot;Pitch Black&quot; begins with an open canvas, which segue into regular tactics and cliches of horror and sci-fi, and then is rescued in the end by a climax that proves to be satisfying (of course, &quot;Urban Legend&quot; does it in a much less appealing manner). I did have my doubts at the beginning, but in the end, I felt that it was a good enough effort to sit through, and even enjoyable in certain places. <br />The film begins, fittingly enough, with a spacecraft crash-landing on a secluded planet where there are three suns that shine multiple colors of brilliant light across dry, arid plains of dirt and rock. The planet itself is never identified, nor is it an important factor in the movie. It merely provides for an eerie and unstable setting that will set the tone for the terror to come, and it does a commendable job in doing so. This is where the filmmakers get to show their stuff as well, leaving the norm of filming techniques and giving us lots of yellow and blue hues to give the sense that the atmosphere is quite uncomfortable. <br />Our group of survivors, assistant captain Fry, a female, and less than ten civilians, begin surveying the terrain in hopes of finding water and nutrition to live off of until they can safely make it off the planet's surface. The intrical character of the film is Riddick, a muscle-bound prisoner whom no one trusts until things begin to get intense. One of the group members is mysteriously killed, and further prying leads to the discovery of a small abandoned town, where a 3D diagram tells them that an eclipse is about to take place, bringing with it the thousands of carnivorous creatures that fear light. As the group searches their crippled ship for supplies to make it to theabandoned ship in the ghost town, the realization comes over them that they must face their greatest fear without even being able to see it. <br />The first thing that needs to be discussed is Riddick's character, who is played quite well by actor Vin Diesel, a man who could match muscles with Schwarzenegger and wit with Eastwood. The script sets up his personality so that we never know when to trust him, or if we'll ever be able to. He went to jail for murder, and he shows no remorse for the crime yet neither does he express a need to rehash the events of his past. He is the typical macho man who has a hidden soft side. This makes it much more interesting, because he is the only way for the group to see where they are going (his eyes were altered by a prison mate to take on a sheen which allows him to see in absolute darkness). His swarthy looks will keep the female fans swooning while his way with words and quick reflexes will intrigue the major audience of sci-fi buffs. <br />The movie's structure, as I said before, tends to dwindle in the middle of the film. After the lights go out, the intensity does pick up, but for some reason, I just was not as involved in this section of the story as I felt I should be, or as I usually am with movies of this sort. It seems like there could've been a little more intensity to the entire sequence of events, which involves the group's treck across the darkened terrain to the working vessel in the abandoned town. I think one of the ruinous factors of this section, and the most important, was the predictability factor. It was easy for me to tell who was going to lose their life next because the movie sets it up by developing certain character's personalities more than others, and there you have it. Then there's the old cliche where something you do in the beginning of the movie comes back to haunt you. In this case, it has to do with Fry, who was willing to save herself in the beginning by sending everyone else into oblivion while trying to land her spacecraft. This is revealed, and there is an argument among the group about the next course of action and who's in charge, but it doesn't tie up too much of the running time. <br />However, the movie is bookended, so to speak, by a fascinating beginning and a pleasantly satisfying ending that makes the movie work. The beginning of the film really gives us the feeling of isolation and loneliness in the vast universe, and we get the feeling that even though the group is together, they are so much more apart from the rest of the universe. While the special effects employed in creating the creatures leave much to be desired, the effects used for the beginning third are superb. One shot that sticks out in the mind is the shots of the Saturn-like planet elevating on the horizon. It appears massive on screen, making the characters seem small and minute, which is very important. The ending also gives us something to smile about. The predictability ends, and the actions and tactics of the characters, especially Riddick, make the movie worth the trip. Also worth noting is the inner conflict of Riddick, if there even is one going on. You are left with the question of whether or not he has become a changed man after the events of the film, and basically you get to decide. <br />The cast is mostly comprised of unknowns, most of whom die off in the beginning of the movie to leave the higher ranking performers to do the dirty work. Vin Diesel is a marvelous action hero/villian, and he really brings to life the uneasiness and intimidation that his character inspires in the rest of the survivors. Radha Mitchell does a commendable job as Fry, who comes off as strong-willed and involved with the events at hand. She doesn't break down or give up in the midst of tumultuous situations, but instead presses on when things get harder. It soon becomes a battle of opinion between her and Riddick, which is quite intriguing to watch. <br />In summation, I entered in the world of &quot;Pitch Black&quot; without much expectation, and left it feeling more surprised than I thought I would. The movie does have its redeeming qualities to rescue it from being a mere two star flick, mostly in the acting and the majority of the story. It's an interesting look, moreso than &quot;The Blair Witch Project,&quot; at the fact that what scares us the most is what we cannot even see.
B00004ZAV3|1.0|This music is just to old, you can't constantly like songs 30 years after they were made.  If you really liked the Beatles back in the 60's and 70's then you might appreciate this and still not like it.  The music was average back then, but still doesn't have a good sound that people can catch onto today.  So, the Beatles just don't have what it takes to have timeless music.
B00000K0DQ|5.0|&quot;Dead Man Walking&quot; tells the true story of one Sister Helen Prejean, a uniquely compassionate nun who goes on an emotionally taxing journey with a man who, after being on Death Row for six years, is scheduled to die within a week of their first meeting. What she will encounter on this journey will be an experience unlike anything she has ever encountered, as she must try to bring him to the realization that he must atone for his crimes in order to receive God's salvation. <br />This is, without a doubt, one of the best films of 1995, as well as any year. The film has courage and strength, as well as portraying both of these qualities in its characters, who are given room and time to develop the story on their own terms. It inspires feelings about so many different issues on many complex levels, while never really taking a side on any of these issues. The movie is what you make it out to be: is he a guilty man? Does he only want redemption because of his impending death? Or has he truly changed? <br />The movie takes its time in allowing us to decide this, beginning with Sister Helen's life among the people she teaches in a black neighborhood, where she lives. From the beginning, we know that she is not a prejudice person, nor does she allow her religious beliefs to get in the way of helping people, which is evident in her action of responding to a letter from a Death Row convict named Matthew Poncelet, whose crimes include rape and murder. As she begins having meetings with him, she only feels that she is doing what her calling requires: helping those who would seek salvation in their quest to find it. <br />She gets more than she bargained for by meeting Poncelet, whose mustache and goatee, sleek hair and tattoos, and objective language practically scream the word &quot;criminal.&quot; During their first meetings, the audience will practically feel the tension between the two characters, especially as Poncelet begins using his foul terms in the presence of Prejean, who never flinches but is noticeably uncomfortable with his language. But she presses on, first diving into his political views, but then realizing that in order for her to be able to get through this without falling apart, she will need to focus on getting him to confess his part in the crime and take responsibility for his sins. <br />This is done with some of the most powerful acting performances I've ever seen in a film. Susan Sarandon is totally convincing as Sister Helen, who is portrayed as timid on the outside but posesses a strong will and determination to accomplish what she has sought out to do. Her kind nature and caring heart are the perfect contrast for Sean Penn, who brings a terrific balance of contempt and sorrow to the character of Poncelet. This is one of his best performances ever, portraying the convict as cold and heartless in the face of his crimes, but once alone with Sister Helen, he has no where to hide. <br />The movie also dives into an even more emotional turmoil: the impact that a murder has on the families of the victims and the criminals. Sister Helen visits both the family of Poncelet, and the families of the murder victims, all of whom feel intense emotion and sadness over the crimes. Poncelet's mother feels a strong sense of sadness over the situation her son has gotten himself into, blaming it on the influence his older friend had on him. The parents of the murder victims, who are at first contemptuous of Sister Helen, tell their side of the story in such a way that Sister Helen, as well as the audience, becomes torn not over who to believe, but who to feel more sympathy for. It becomes a tug-of-war of sorts, where in one instance we feel remorse for one side, then the other, but very rarely both. It focuses so much on one point at a time that we forget about everything else but the conversation going on at present. <br />The movie also has a lot to say about how we as a society act in terms of different beliefs about capital punishment. The entire plot of the movie centers around the countdown to Poncelet's death, with the victims' parents and their supporters crying out for the death penalty, while Sister Helen and Poncelet's lawyer try desperately to stop it from happening in hopes that she may be able to turn his life around. I felt such a sense of mortal disgust at the final sequences of the film, during the scene of the execution, in which the victims' parents and others gather to converse before watching Poncelet's execution. The movie builds up so emotion before this final scene that one cannot help but feel some contempt for those who would even wish to see such an event take place. However you may take it, the issues the movie touches will inspire some sort of feeling inside, and you cannot help but look at what you feel for the issues at hand. <br />A very simple story with complex emotions and compelling characters, &quot;Dead Man Walking&quot; is a film that will touch the hearts of all who see it, religious and non-religious alike. The story never stutters in its portrayal of a hardened man's journey down the path of redemption, and the one woman who stood by his side through it all. This is as good as movies get, and not much better than this, either.
1572522232|3.0|Saw this one in a nearly empty theater back in '77. First reel shocked me so much I had to leave. On the way out of the lobby two old folks were chewing out one of the theater's staff for showing such &quot;trash&quot; (what were they EXPECTING!?). Went back a week later and sat through the whole thing..... Since then, I have watched this video enough times to advise:<br />Well, let me warn the prospective purchaser: The first 15 minutes or so of Suspiria  are truly unique, frightening, hallucinatory - like all real horror, gets burned into your subconcious.  Ah, if only Dario could have maintained that uniquely manic opening montage/music rhythmn.  What a classic this would have been! But...  The rest of Suspiria?  A terrible letdown.  From a scream to a yawn. Dull, pointless, meandering - usual Euro self-indulugence.<br />If you enjoy sophomoric attempts at the luridly poetic: maggot closeups, sharp objects threatening to impale nervously bulging eye balls (a Giallo favorite!), then, by all means, go for it. Otherwise, save your dough. Clever camera tricks,(that bird's-eye-on-a-wire swooping over the plaza POV, for example) and lots of post-Bava gels and primary colored shadows may constitude a freaky &quot;atmosphere&quot;.  But so what?  All style and no substance does not a worthwhile movie make.  So, between a whisper and a scream, Suspiria only rates a gasp.
B00003CXN4|4.0|&quot;Traffic&quot; is a Solid yet Over-rated film, at Best a Memorable Assault on Americas War on Drugs, at Worst, a Glorified Tele-movie.<br />Many, Many Great Performances hold the film together. My Personal Favourite is Don Cheadle as the Seemingly Torn DEA agent. His role has to run a Gauntlet of Emotions and this Wonderful Actor pulls it off Seamlessly. Michael Douglas is the Big Name of the cast and he also gives a Wonderful, Emotional Performance. <br />Benicio Del Toro is many Critics Favourite in the film, for me, his was one of the Least Striking Performances in the film. He has a Bloated Screen time and he looks Bored Throughout. His role is similar to Don Cheadle's but without the Emotion. The Academy Awards may believe he is the Best Supporting Actor, but I surely do not. <br />Catherine Zeta Jones and Dennis Quaid have Very Little Screen time, Especially Quaid, whose role seems to have had a lot of edits. More Screen time Probably would have led to Better Performances.<br />Much like the film \\"Any Given Sunday\\", the Best Performances come not from the Many, Big Name, Older stars, but from the Young, Relatively Unknown Actors. \\"That 70's Show\\" star Topher Grace is a real standout as he proves himself a Natural Dramatic Talent, even though sometimes, I found myself giggling at some of his trademark mannerisms from the show.<br />The Direction is merely competent, the hand-held camerawork feels Unnecessary and out of place in a film that is obviously trying to be so Big and Bold. The one clever thing the makers bring to the script is the use of different colours for the different sections of the film. A Yellow filter for the Mexico scenes, a Blue filter for the Washington scenes, and a normal filter for the Miami scenes.<br />Overall the Accolades attributed to the film are the result of its downfall in my eyes. I give the film 4 stars, I obviously enjoyed it, but it is still Wildly Overrated in my books.
B00003CXMG|4.0|If you're reading this review, you're probably one of two types of people: those who haven't seen the film and want to figure out if it's the type of film they would want to own in their personal library, or those who have seen the film and want to know if the DVD is worthy of purchase. I'll address the latter group in a second; let me fill those unfamiliar with the film in first. &quot;Almost Famous&quot; was one of my favorites from last year, and after having viewed the DVD it was nice to know it lives up to repeated viewings. The story revolves around a young 15 year-old rock and roll magazine critic who gets his first really big assignment: to write an article on an up and coming band named Stillwater for Rolling Stone magazine. The film follows his travels with the band while on tour across the U.S. The film itself is autobiographical in nature: director Cameron Crowe was himself a journalist in the 70s. The film has a few brief concert sequences of the band on stage, but these are secondary to the behind the scenes look at the band and how life on the road changes those involved. If you like films about teens coming of age or just a film that is a well-written balance of laughs and poignancy then this is one you'll enjoy. If you're looking for a gag-filled comedy ala &quot;Meet the Parents&quot; then look elsewhere. This one is character driven and intelligent. I also have to make a special mention of the soundtrack (being a huge music buff): the songs included in the film are a great mix of popular stuff and lesser-known tracks. Unlike many of today's soundtracks, which are created solely as a commercial buy product, the CD is actually a decent &quot;mix tape&quot; of songs from the 70s. For those who have seen the film, this DVD is lacking in extras: there are no deleted scenes (as it was believed to contain-see the other review about a forthcoming longer version) and for some strange reason the opening credits have a different widescreen ratio than the rest of the film. The 'making of' featurette is one of those that rehashes the film with scenes from it interspersed with interview clips with those involved (basically an advertisement for the film). The DVD is a fine purchase until a more deluxe version comes along.
B00004XMV6|5.0|9 and a ½ Weeks Cleverly does away with the usual Subplots that come with the Territory. The Film is Virtually Devoid of Action and Suspense (I say \\"Virtually\\" because this statement can be debateable depending on opinion), even Dialogue seems to be a Hindrance to the story, so there's not a lot of it. The Writer and the Director obviously wanted to focus Solely on the Romance at hand, and boy do they delve into it. <br />They stock the film with Beautiful Images, Intense Scenes and Debateable Content. What looked on the surface to be a Trashy Sex flick turns into a study of Obsession and Lust. The Attractive Leads really take in their roles and the Attraction is Believable at all times, Mickey Rourke was at his Prime and Kim Basinger was an Up-and-Comer. <br />No Supporting Character stands out as no one bar the Leads gets the screen time to be Memorable. The Direction is always Competent and the Cinematography is Superb. The fact that the film sparked such Controversy and Debate on release proves it's more than just Trash it IS Art.
B00004RHZU|5.0|Pink is an amazing artist who wrote a majority of the songs on her album.  She's taking girl power to the highest extremes in her songs.  There You Go, the first single, is about Pink's ex-boyfriend who she no longer wants to be with.  Most Girls is a female anthem saying that you shouldn't judge a man by his cash and cars, just by how much he can love you.  You Make Me Sick is about Pink loving a man who she doesn't want to love.  While her three singles are definately the standouts, Split Personality, Hiccup, Hell Wit Ya and Can't Take Me Home are more great songs.  I cannot wait for another album to come out.  If you like hip-hop/pop, this album is a staple for your collection.
B00004STDN|5.0|Sly gives one of his Best Performances in Years and John Lithgow adds another Brilliant Psycho to his Resume in Cliffhanger, an Edge-of-your-Seat Thrill ride that keeps the Thrills coming from Minute One.<br />The Story and Screenplay are Inspired, retaining Realism, Credibility and Character without Sacrificing Action, Spectacle or Over-the-Top Thrills.<br />Renny Harlin's Direction is Top-Drawer, he coaxes Wonderful Performances from the Leads and the Supporting Cast. Michael Rooker and Leon are Standouts.   Sly Carries the film with a Caring and Emotional Performance, and John Lithgow proves again that he is the world's Greatest Over-Actor (that comment is meant in a Good way). Like \\"Raising Cain\\" and \\"3rd Rock from the Sun\\", Lithgow is given a Long Leash in his Interpretation, his performance is Utterly Original while remaining an Old Fashioned Hiss-able Villain.
B000002UDD|3.0|Megadeth's third album is a little disappointing after the great Peace Sells. It's true that half the lineup had been replaced, and they still played well and, at times, with a furious metal intensity. However, one could wish for better songwriting from the pen of Dave Mustaine. Of the eight cuts on here, only three made me want to jump out of my seat and destroy things, which is not good. Those three are 'Into the Lungs of Hell' (a wicked instrumental), 'Set the World Afire' (one of their best heavy thrashers) and the epic 'In My Darkest Hour'. The cover of 'Anarchy in the U.K.' is stiff and almost laughable, while the rest of the tracks are mediocre. The result is a record that will be worth it for dedicated 'Deth fans, but is inessential for most listeners.
B000002LOE|5.0|While In 1989 Green paved the way for stadium storming and lucrative songs ripe for TV show themes, Out Of Time is definitely not the type of album you'd expect as a follow-up. Quiet, reserved, introspective and downright pretty in spots, it's an overt emotional and musical turnaround from the grandstanding and global eco-political concerns of the band's last two or three years. You can find links to R.E.M. points previous - &quot;Losing My Religion&quot; echoes &quot;World Leader Pretend&quot;; &quot;Belong&quot; is a more modern &quot;7 Chinese Bros.&quot;; &quot;Me In Honey&quot; could have been the last song on either side of Reckoning - but, like all their best, you can't really pin down exactly why this record makes you feel the way you do when you hear it. Joining the R.E.M. bandwagon this time out are rapper KRS-One, Kate Pierson, a weeping, drooping string quartet, a mellotron, harpsichords and soaring Beach Boy four-part harmonies. Best Stipe: &quot;Losing My Religion.&quot; Best Buck: the unmistakable fingerprint riff on &quot;Me In Honey;&quot; Best Berry and Mills: the harmony vocals on &quot;Near Wild Heaven&quot; and &quot;End Game.&quot; Only time knows where this record fits into the grand and rapturous career of Athens' most-loved sons, but we like where it fits into our collection of hallowed records just fine, nestled somewhere between Lou Reed and the Replacements, alongside Murmur and Fables Of The Reconstruction.
B00003CXMG|5.0|Despite all the hipe and talk of Indie status this is one movie I ignored ....until it came out as DVD.  What a Judgment error on my part!  This little movie is stuuning in every respect.  The story makes you laugh and cry, the characters are all three dimensional, the cast is absolutley extraordinary.  Billy Crudup, Frances McDormand, Philip Seymour Hoffman all give outstanding inimitable portrayals, but newcomers like Patrick Fugit are a joy to watch and to grow to love, then admire as actors.  This zany road trip captures all the essence of the period but doesn't stop there. This is a classy little film by Cameron Crowe that deserves to be up there with the best of the year.  Bravo to all for this sensitive, feel good movie.....and I hope there are more to come from this crew!
6305079900|2.0|A new release of this film on DVD is in the pipeline - already a 2-disc special edition has been released this month in PAL R2 and R4 - it is expected to be out in R1 either at the end of this year or early next year.<br />R2 &amp; R4 DVDs have Dolby Digital 5.1 surround, deleted scenes, trailers and documentaries. No commentary or original mono soundtrack (though I don't especially care about the last one). Hopefully when the R1 edition comes out the above mentioned deficiencies may be corrected - if not still worth buying.
B000001E18|5.0|Third album I ever owned, still my favorite. Whereas most of the other U2 albums pan out to the sincerities of youth, this album welcoming adds a little humor and self-consciousness, as well as experimentation with song-structure and synths. Not to mention Bono's falsetto :-). True, it's cerebral in places, but never alienating. Diverse little album, and IMHO blows the rest of U2's efforts back into 7th grade.
0553106635|5.0|George R. R. Martin is quite possibly the greatest fantasy writer ever. That's right, you heard(or read) me. Ever. That is including Tolkein. Tolkein was a genius in the way he created a world so lush and filled with life that the reader could believe in it. He was brilliant in his creation of the fantasy genre as we know it,  orcs, wizards and elves who aren't faeries are all staples of high fantasy that Tolkein created. Since him, everyone has used his templates, call them what you want, aes sedai are still wizards, and trollocs are still orcs. Tolkein, despite his genius, had one major flaw, he never brought the horror and sorrow of war and death home to the reader. While orcs and foot soldiers may die by the thousands, no main character's death is described in any detail. Gandalf was a great character, his death was incredible and I cheered as much as the next geek when he returned even better.  Ten years later I look back and wonder, why couldn't he just stay dead? George R. R. Martin is better. His world is even more real and rich in detail, but he is so much more realistic, and isn't afraid to pull punches. While Tolkein might say the orc carried a sword, and Jordan might say that the trolloc carried a black scimitar, Martin would say that Lionel of house Lannister wielded a well oiled blade, with that worn look a longsword may get after being blunted on an opponent's neck and sharpened again on a whetstone. But despite his genius, one must be wary of His books. They are housed on the fantasy shelf, bu when one thinks of fantasy, one thinks of Rand Al'Thor blasting mountains, and Richard Cypher dueling of a thousand men single-handedly, one dose not think of a world in shades of gray, where main characters die gruesomely and graphically in horrible ways left and right, where young children are slaughtered by fathers who cannot afford to feed them. Horribly dark, Sword of Truth this is not.  Martin will never change fantasy the way Tolkein did, while some maysay this is a shame, I think if every book was this dark and jaded there would be know such thing as a light read.
B000002U8G|5.0|although i like their later stuff too, this is an awesome snapshot of the band before they got all prog. takes a while to get into, but WOW! Echoes is like, the trippiest song in my whole cd collection
B000002U6E|4.0|Although not as good as The Screen Behind the Mirror, in my opinion, this CD was very good.  &quot;I Love You...I'll Kill You&quot; is a great anger song.  The suave instrumentals in the beginning and the depth of the words collect one's emotions, and as the song gets more agressive a few minuted in, one feels their anger channeling out of them, incorporating itself into the anger in the song.  It is one of my favorite songs on the album. If you like Enigma, this album is a must for your collection, even if you only listen to it for a few songs.
B00003Q438|5.0|The amount of extra stuff on this DVD is staggering.  The text commentary is cool(but i would've preffered an audio one) and the documentaries on the making of this film are great.  You apreciate the movie more once you learn what an innovative filming process it was.  I keep finding more and more cool things on the second disc, like the tape sent to academy members with 20 minutes of special effects footage which eventually netted the Oscar for best visual effects.  Tons of extra stuff, this movie really is loaded!
B0000542DJ|5.0|The acting is superb. Great cast of actors. The dialogue keeps you on the edge of your seat. How true is it to the facts? Are the CIA and FBI this devious, I mean, assassinate the President of the United States? The Kennedys were a Greek tragedy. Their story is high art. This film captures their privledged world and the high stakes of the underworld as they collide into high drama. I've seen this film at least a dozen times. I feel stunned every time I see it. The assassination is one thing. The cover up, if true, implicates the whole government to some degree. If this film is only fifty percent accurate, that's more than you'll want to believe. You almost want to bury your head when this film is over, but you won't be able to. I strongly recommend this film to anyone who dares to think and be challenged.
0140441409|5.0|If you like stoicism, this is the book for you;  there is no better exemplar of the paradigm than the present example.  If you dislike stoicism, then this is most assuredly not the book for you.  That is, unless you have such an overwhelming interest for either Roman history or of Marcus Aurelius that it would offset your distaste for stoicism.<br />The great Marcus Aurelius was the closest the world has ever come to realizing Socrates' dream of the infamous &quot;philosopher king.&quot;  Aurelius was a highly educated, sagacious and kindly man whose reign formed the very apex of the Antonine emperors.  Following in the lineage of Hadrian and Antonius Pious, his rule was one of the most magnanimous the world has ever seen.<br />Aurelius was a deeply troubled man;  what follows in these pages are his intensely personal thoughts on the tribulations of the human condition.  Why are people so prone to screwing up?  Why are cruelty and ignorance the norms of human existence, instead of the exceptions?<br />Like all of the best Roman emperors, Aurelius held contempt for the human race, but he was also humble enough to realize that he was a part of it.  To read these private musings of a long-suffering, sensitive mind is riveting.  It is a book well worth reading for the philosopher and historian alike.<br />I will leave you with one of Aurelius' meditations;  one which strikes to the very heart of his stoicism:<br />&quot;Have I done an unselfish thing?  Well then, I have my reward.  Keep this thought ever present, and persevere.&quot;  [p.166]
B000002N3J|5.0|I remember early Madonna i.e &quot;Like A Virgin&quot; and &quot;Like A Prayer&quot; (most of her early songs are forgettable to me). She's controversial and talented, smart and sassy, and has a powerful voice and presence when she isn't trying to be commercial and the talk of the town. This cd is classic Madonna. &quot;I Want You&quot; is offbeat: both poignant and sophisticated. &quot;I'll Remember&quot; I don't know if this was a single or would have made it as a single but it's an excellent song for this cd. &quot;Take A Bow&quot; one of her best. Very dreamy. I heard the video was controversial, though I never saw it. &quot;You'll See&quot; reminds me of Judy Collins at her best. Very soulful and introspect. &quot;Crazy For You&quot; one of her early songs that I immediately liked. I remember thinking that she should have recorded more adult, serious songs like &quot;Crazy For You&quot;. She seems to have moved more in this direction as she progressed. I even began to like your up-tempo songs, especially some of the videos they accompanied. &quot;This Used To Be My Playground&quot; I liked immediately. Great video, in fact, one of the most creative videos ever shot. &quot;Live To Tell&quot; another early hit that I liked. &quot;Love Don't Live Here Anymore&quot; a real powerhouse and sizzler. &quot;Something To Remember&quot; she reminds me of Streisand here. This song fits her perfectly. &quot;Forbidden Love&quot; my least favorite song on the cd. &quot;One More Chance&quot; doesn't jump out at me but I like it. &quot;Rain&quot; ok. &quot;Oh Father&quot; a rather personal and powerful song. This song qualifies her as a song writer. All in all, I give this collection five stars because the songs perform well as a collection. Some of her best and most interesting performances.
B000002I55|5.0|How does one review that which must be heard in the moment to be appreciated? Like the Jackson Pollack painting that is it's cover art, Free Jazz is all random. It takes your mind out of the past and puts you on the cutting edge of the future of modern music every time it's played. Improvised around a pre-determined structure, Free Jazz will inspire every artist (whether painter, filmmaker, musician or whatever)who hears it. Ornette Coleman, like Charlie Parker, did his best work on the spur of the moment,in one take, with no edits. What could be freer than Jazz? In 1961 Ornette Coleman answered that  question and jazz musicians have continued to answer it ever since.
0800129806|4.0|If I had not seen &quot;Excalibur,&quot; I may have given this 5 stars. On its own, the movie is pretty good. The scenery is well done; Gere does the role of Lance A Lot quite well. (He makes him a strong and able knight who lacks discipline in certain areas, and is governed by sexual desire more than anything else.)  Connery is great as King Arthur. (He is very well mannered and disciplined, he is a capable and effective king,  when he discovers his wife's infidelity, he explodes, but he does regain his mental stability to probe the matter, and he spends his final moments fighting for his people.) Cross (the villain) is really wicked and cruel, but he does carry charm, and he is even  likable at times! I suspect Merlin was deleted to remove elements of possible implausibility. The action is done well, but not hammed up. The melodrama between King Arthur, his wife, and Lance A Lot is done well.  Don't get me wrong. The movie IS excellent. But I did miss many elements from &quot;Excalibur.&quot; Merlin (Arthur's father figure) is missing; Arthur's stepfather and stepbrother are missing; Arthur's growth from a bumbling youth to a competent responsible king is missing; the strong friendship between Lance A Lot and King Arthur is missing; in &quot;Excalibur,&quot; Lance A Lot is much more hesitant to betray King Arthur; I did miss Arthur's father in law; in &quot;Excalibur,&quot; Arthur's wife and Lance A Lot are much more sorry for what they have done; I did miss the 2 touching scenes where Arthur forgives them; and I did miss Lance A Lot's degenration into psychosis, but his recovery and repentance to Arthur by serving him in his final moments. Richard Gere and Sean Connery were really good, but Nigel Terry and Nicholas Clay were FAR BEYOND POSSIBLE EXPECTATIONS. I know we must expect differences when we see different versions of the same story; but if we have seen the best version, 2nd best is doomed to be a little disappointing.
B000003TB6|5.0|A while back, after becoming thoroughly frustrated and annoyed with the state of radio in this country, I decided to take matters into my hands and seek out music that would reinstate my confidence in our brothers' and sisters' best efforts and products. <br />I first consulted a top-20 list of the best hip-hop albums in history. The Roots' Do You Want More? was in the top five. My experience with hip-hop prior to firing up my stereo with the The Roots consisted of a random Snoop Dog album and well, that was about it.<br />After experiencing that first spin of Do You Want More?, I was in, and I haven't come up for air since. Following a wonderful meandering journey through the landscape of hip-hop, I've discovered supreme artists, like Mos Def, Talib Kweli, Pharoahe, Common, Freestyle Fellowship, J 5, Dilated Peoples, and others, and it always seems as if all hip-hop today flowed from the great natural spring that is The Roots. <br />On Do You Want More?, the listener is treated to an orgasmic display of raw talent, in the pulsing lyrics and impeccable instrumental skill and soul, and in the tighest of the tight inter-relationship between ?uestlove, Black Thought and Malik B. &quot;Mellow My Man,&quot; &quot;I Remain Calm&quot; are both as smooth and elegant as water flowing down a mountain, while &quot;Silent Treatment&quot; is so enveloping that your mood has nowhere else to go.<br />The Roots are a true inspiration whose album here can be compared to &quot;Kind of Blue,&quot; Miles Davis' magnum opus, in its sheer creativity and talent. No matter what kind of music you've ever listened to in the past, check these guys out... believe me, it will be well worth your time.
0446310786|5.0|This book is a charming love story that involves kids growing up and tells what they feel about the adult world's hypocrisy, discrimination, anger, and frustration. Kids' father tried very hard to accomodate them with what's going on in the world that they are not ready to accept, but the kids' purity made him feel helpless in explaining the evil of this world. <br />  U must understand the book is told by a young girl who has a incredible amount of vocabulary and remembers everything a person says (like Dr. Watson). So try to get use to it, if u are not charmed by the story which i am sure that won't happen, u will still like the surprising and abstruse ending.
B000003TB6|5.0|A while back, after becoming thoroughly frustrated and annoyed with the state of radio in this country, I decided to take matters into my hands and seek out music that would reinstate my confidence in our brothers' and sisters' best efforts and products. <br />I first consulted a top-20 list of the best hip-hop albums in history. The Roots' Do You Want More? was in the top five. My experience with hip-hop prior to firing up my stereo with the The Roots consisted of a random Snoop Dog album and well, that was about it.<br />After experiencing that first spin of Do You Want More?, I was in, and I haven't come up for air since. Following a wonderful meandering journey through the landscape of hip-hop, I've discovered supreme artists, like Mos Def, Talib Kweli, Pharoahe, Common, Freestyle Fellowship, J 5, Dilated Peoples, and others, and it always seems as if all hip-hop today flowed from the great natural spring that is The Roots. <br />On Do You Want More?, the listener is treated to an orgasmic display of raw talent, in the pulsing lyrics and impeccable instrumental skill and soul, and in the tighest of the tight inter-relationship between ?uestlove, Black Thought and Malik B. &quot;Mellow My Man,&quot; &quot;I Remain Calm&quot; are both as smooth and elegant as water flowing down a mountain, while &quot;Silent Treatment&quot; is so enveloping that your mood has nowhere else to go.<br />The Roots are a true inspiration whose album here can be compared to &quot;Kind of Blue,&quot; Miles Davis' magnum opus, in its sheer creativity and talent. No matter what kind of music you've ever listened to in the past, check these guys out... believe me, it will be well worth your time.
6305428220|3.0|I was excited about seeing this movie judging from the box but it's certainly not as good as I would have suspected. I have to admit that the cast is awesome and they are capable of being great actors. But it doesn't seem like there is really a good story that builds up or something. It's just like: Whoa! Guess what? Our teachers are aliens. And then after that there's plenty of action...it's just no good. So overall this movie is OK but is just one of those movies you should get only if you have nothing better to do.
B000056K04|3.0|Let me first start off by saying that I like this CD.  I will also say that this is the worst CD the Dave Matthews Band has ever put out.  I think the songs are too short, the music sounds too modern, and I don't enjoy the way Dave Matthews talks in the middle of a lot of his songs.  This CD is not even close to being up to expectations that all DMB fans have after Before These Crowded Streets, Crash, Under The Table and Dreaming, and Remember Two Things.  There are some quality tracks on the record such as The Space Between, What You Are, and So Right.  This CD does feature Dave Matthews playing mostly the electric guitar, short 3-4 minute songs, and barely any solos by the other band members.  I think however, that it is our responsibility at Dave Matthews Band fans to support him on this adventure.  He took a chance to do something different and we need to respect him for that.  In today's music industry, many popular groups come out with CD's that sound the same as all of their other ones (Everclear, 311, etc.)  Its refreshing to see a group try something different and make it alright.  This is not a permanent transformation for the group.  They already have the album that they recorded before they decided to record and release &quot;Everyday&quot; sitting in their back pocket.  This album has such classic DMB songs as Bartender, Grey Street, Digging a Ditch, and Grace is Gone.  Dave Matthews Band's &quot;Everyday&quot; is a decent CD by &quot;Dave Standards&quot; and does not have that all around great CD quality like their past work.  However, it would be a shame to miss out on the &quot;Everyday&quot; experience.  Maybe they entitled the CD &quot;Everyday&quot; because they wanted to take a step out of their EVERYDAY experiences and music and take a step into a new musical domain.
1558908498|5.0|When this film came out I couldn't wait to see it! And my anxiety wasn't in vain cuz this is one tight movie! Picking up where Scream left off, Sydney is now in college and has moved on since the murders in Woodsboro. At a showing of Stab something goes terribly wrong though... Scream 2 has just as many surprises and thrills as Scream does. I do wish they would have more features on the DVD though! The picture is pretty clear and the sound is awesome. Once again Neve Campbell and Courtney Cox do a great job in their leading roles.
6304077653|1.0|I was looking for a video on eating disorders to show my 8th grade students (I am a health teacher).  I was very disappointed--this panel discussion format was a real snoozer,very dated, and a waste of time and money.
6305903182|5.0|Scream 3 is definately a movie to remember! It's better than Scream 2. It is very well-written and Neve Campbell, Courtney Cox and David Arquette do outstanding performances. The whole cast is really great. I liked how they finally took it to Hollywood! I was surprised when I found out who the killer was. I'm glad they added bonus features! (Although I cannot figure out where the Creed music video is!) Don't hesitate to go ahead and get this movie.
B000002J7U|5.0|Let's get one thing straight.  Vangelis is not the master of New Age.  I respect everyone's opinion here, but Vangelis is beyond New Age.  I don't think it serves Vangelis justice to put him into a category.  I think it takes away from the brilliant music to categorize it.  Yanni is New Age, Vangelis is not.  I do not think there is a category for Vangelis, except for &quot;the greatest musician of our time.&quot;<br />Voices may not be his greatest work, but is worth 5 stars because of the quality of music.  The opening song is wonderful, but seems a bit out of place considering the rest of the album.  But, the way that he ties in the other songs from this opener is amazing.  Come To Me is just a masterpiece.  By far the best song on this wonderful cd.
B00003CXN4|5.0|Intertwined stories that take a look at the country's drug crisis from different perspectives. Recently appointed drug czar Michael Douglas is faced with impossible task of fighting war vs. drugs. Neophyte Douglas, is alarmingly naive to to the widespread international drug network that supplies are country with a never ending amount. His ignorance is intensified once his daughter's addiction is revealed. The Douglas character is incensed that his daughter has fell victim to addiction. He dives into the urban drug subculture searching for his daughter,who's MIA. He is schooled by one of his daughter's classmates on the current epidemic, prompting him to ponder his own career.  Benicio Del Toro, is a straight Tijuana policeman, who sees corruption at the highest level. This too, challenges his own moral convictions. His temptation grows as his partner becomes embroiled in controversey. Don Cheadle, (who should have been nominated for an Academy for this role)is the DEA agent tailing a recently jailed drug kimgpins' wife, (Katherine Zeta Jones) who suddenly becomes immensly resourceful, in her husband's absence. Great movie!! That is actually four movies rolled up in one....Each story offering it's own version of how drug has an adverse affect on lives. Awesome movie1!! Must see twice
B000002JB8|5.0|I own 12 Vangelis CDs, and this is easily the most played in my collection.  Vangelis is by far the most brilliant composer of our time.  Oceanic is a nod to that.<br />Close your eyes and sit back:  The cd starts off with the feeling that you are leaving port.  Just wonderful the emotions this music brings about.  Islands of the Orient and Fields of Coral are the best tracks on the disc.<br />I even used Dreams of Surf in my wedding.
B00004T8RK|4.0|I love this CD, it has alot of musical and lyrical depth and is another step in Pearl Jam's much talked about evolution.  I am also a drummer and Matt Cameron (previously of Soundgarden) is my favorite drummer.  This is the first PJ album with him on it, and the weird time signatures and drum parts in some of these are cool.  It's a great cd, but it does get old after time if you are not willing to appreciate the musicianship that went into it.  It's more just interesting to listen to that it is fun to listen to.  If you are a Pearl Jam fan, buy it and you will love it, but if you aren't you will probably find the cd boring.  If you just want to hear what Pearl Jam is like, or have 1 or 2 PJ cds in your collection, go out and buy their first and most famous, and probably best album, Ten.
B000001Y79|4.0|No Doubt is probably the best alternative band out there, with second runners up by Garbage. My favorite tracks listed on TRAGIC KINGDOM are &quot;Spiderwebs&quot;, &quot;Just A Girl&quot;, and &quot;Don't Speak&quot;. I could actually really care less for the other songs on this CD, but I still enjoy No Doubt which was the reason why I gave this 4 stars. Anyway, if you love bands like Garbage than you should definitely get TRAGIC KINGDOM. Also get RETURN OF SATURN, which is No Doubt's new CD-release. Highly recommended.
B000002J1S|5.0|In th summer of '99, I had only listened to the likes of Trick of the Tail and Duke. When I dug up The Lamb from my dad's LP collection, I had no idea that it would be my favorite album of all time. Great music (especially Banks and Hackett) combine with great vocals (Gabriel is argubly the definitive prog singer) make this album stand out. A great, though strange synopsis is thrown in and is the icing on the cake. Unfortunately, many photos from the inside jacket were edited of in the conversion to CD. Even more unfortunate was Gabriel ill-timed exit.
B00000IAU3|5.0|As a huge fan of the WB hit show, ROSWELL, I absolutely adore Dido's music. In fact, that's where I first heard music by Dido - from watching ROSWELL every Monday night. I fell in love with her song, &quot;Here With Me&quot; - which is a very beautiful and very unique song. There's just no music out there like Dido's! Soon, I began hearing her songs being played on the radio all the time and felt pleased that people were finally recognizing Dido for her true individuality and talent in music and her unique British-based, voice. I also really enjoy the song, &quot;Thank You&quot;. I recently saw Dido featured on THE ROSIE O'DONNELL SHOW and I'm glad to know Rosie O'Donnell supports her music. In '99, when Dido's CD was first released, nobody paid much attention to her. But ever since &quot;Here With Me&quot; was featured on the hit show, ROSWELL, Dido has been a true success. I haven't bought her CD yet, but I can't wait to! Go out and buy this album and I know you will really love it. It's a must for any ROSWELL fan!!
B000001E3L|5.0|This is one of the best recordings of Van and a band that he toured with for a number of years.  Van is at his best -- lush back-up with Georgie Fame at the keyboards and vocal support from Belfast's Brian Kennedy and Van's daughter, the talented Shana Morrison.  Great renditions of Van classics and some unusually fun interaction between Van and the band.  With John Lee Hooker, Junior Wells, Jimmy Witherspoon.   A must addition to any Van-fanatic's library.
B00000IOSU|5.0|Besides the Backstreet Boys' Live CDs, I'm usually not into Live music. I'd prefer listening to studio-recorded CDs and wait to hear and see the artists live in concerts or on TV instead. But MIRRORBALL is actually a really fabulous Live CD. I just adore Sarah McLachlan's music. The best thing about this CD is that it has all of her major hits on it, so if you're a Sarah McLachlan fan, this must be added to your collection. My own personal favorites on this CD are &quot;Building A Mystery&quot;, &quot;I Will Remember You&quot;, &quot;Adia&quot;, and of course, &quot;Angel&quot;. I loved all the other songs, but those ones are the best. Sarah McLachlan puts so much passion and emotions into her songs that they are just so believable and emotional. I can't understand anyone who doesn't like Sarah McLachlan's music. And the way that the audiance from this Live CD were so enthusiastic about hearing and seeing Sarah McLachlan perform was just great. I really recommend this CD if you haven't gotten it yet and if you have, then keep listening!
B000059XYL|5.0|I loved this movie. I rented it and watched it 3 times in 2 days, it is my favorite movie. It has the best music, the coolest cast, and cutest guy ever! I loved it so much! I want to get the soundtrack. When Violet moves to the big city to find someone to perform her songs, she finds a lot of interesting things on her way to the top. Does she make it?Well, you'll have to see the movie. It is really good and very fun to watch. It has groove and a beat. It totally rox! I recomend this to everyone that likes to get down! If you like music, this soundtrack rox, and you like to dance, you like a good cast and you like to have fun, just watch this movie. Rent it tonight!
B000003TAB|4.0|Nirvana's Incesticide Is a great album filled with everything from popish new wave(Sun of a gun,Molly's lips) To heavy feedback free for alls (Beeswax,Downer).This album does have a very schitzophrenic feel,But since Nirvana is my favorite band,It's something I adore.The first side Is very popish and punky, with the exception of Dive.Many of these songs are covers of obscure bands like the vasolines, but Kurt takes them to a whole new leval with his voice.Great songs include Sliver(Kurt thought most people would spell it &quot;silver&quot;,hehe) New wave polly,and Dive.But The songs after New wave polly almost sound like a whole different album.That's because most of these songs were outtakes from the bleach sessions.These songs are very heavy,dark,and the lyrics are quite weird and and sardonic..which I love.Songs like Beeswax,downer,Aneurysm..hell every song is great,although they are very raw and some people may not like the lack of polish.The whole album has a low-fi feel, which I love,but some people may be irritated by it(this is not nearly as raw and heavy as bleach though).The main reason why I took off a star is because I felt the songwriting isn't nearly as good as on In utero(which is my favorite album of all time),but what do you expect from an album filled with B sides? But overall, It's one of my favorite albums from my favorite band of all time.It's really hard to believe that some of these songs were throw aways!!! So my recomendation is,If You like In utero and bleach,You will probably like this album,But fans of nevermind may find the lack of polish a bit much to take..but personally..I  hate the production on Nevermind..but that's another story
0553278398|3.0|This was the first Asimov book I've ever read.  It was entertaining, but lacked the depth of a Ray Bradbury or Arthur C Clarke novel.  Basically the story was more there to entertain you than captivate you.  I am a big fan of Clarke's 2001 and Bradbury's Fahrenheit 451 and if you've read those you know what I mean by both of them having gripping stories.  This book wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either. I'll get around to reading the rest of the series at some point, but I'm in no hurry after reading this one.
B000003TA4|5.0|I will start this review by saying that this album has the best cover ever.  Before even popping this in you already get an idea of what Nirvana is all about - honestly subversive towards conventional American ideas (the &quot;dung heap of conformity&quot; as Cobain put it) but not without humor (baby penis!).  <br />When Nevermind went to #1 on the charts it not only ended the careers of many manufactured pop &quot;artists&quot;, it also made &quot;alternative&quot; a huge marketing tool (and now it's generally the way people refer to rock music).  Even though it started a decade earlier with The Smiths' self-title and REM's &quot;Murmur&quot;, it finally became cool because Nirvana put it in a very accessible form.  Nevermind was everything that was missing from music for decades - fun but not contrived pop (&quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit&quot;), rebellion (&quot;God is gay/Burn the flag&quot;), and even a lead singer that was easy to relate to and intelligent but also mysterious and confusing.  <br />Borrowing from the Pixies start-then-stop structures, Black Sabbath's grungy riffs, and a Ramones facade, Nirvana put together this album that has inspired countless bands, closely rivaling the Beatles.  Right from the memorable riff of &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit&quot; to the mellow &quot;Something in the Way&quot;, you are in for a treat that combines all these elements.  There are no filler or even forgettable tracks here.  Few albums manage to get positive attention from both critics and mainstream listeners and not many 90's albums deserve it more than Nevermind.  In Utero might have been a better representation of the Nirvana sound but this is still a fantastic pop album.  Buy both.<br />P.S. &quot;Nevermind&quot; should not have got higher than 'Pet Sounds' on the VH1 Best Albums of Rock and Roll countdown.  Even Cobain would have resented that.
B00000IAU3|4.0|Dido's No Angel is a great album.  If you like Portishead, Sarah McLachlan, Cranberries, or any of those other great artists, you are going to love Dido.   For an album that has 12 or so songs on it and atleast 8 of them take on an instant liking to the ear; it's worth it to buy the album.
6305078564|5.0|I'm usually pretty skeptical about my favorite books being made into movies, but this is far and away one of the best adaptaions of Jane Austen I have ever seen. Colin Firth is incredible as Darcy, and Jennifer Ehle makes a wonderful Elizabeth Bennet. It is much more on target than the Laurence Olivier version, though that might have as much to do with the fact that the BBC version is over twice as long as it does with the exceptional adaptation. In short, I was totally blown away by this....but what else could you expect from A&amp;E and the BBC except excellence?
0967984602|5.0|Bread bakers who want to build a low-cost, wood-fired oven for making bread will find Building Your Own Earth Oven a &quot;user friendly&quot; step-by-step guide, from building it out of common yard soil to making authentic sourdough bread and firing it. Recipes, black and white photos, and diagrams are clear and provide quick and easy advice for users.
B00003CX8I|4.0|X-men was a great movie. It had an original idea, great special effects, and a very good script. However, there were a few things i just didn't like in it. Mainly the the actors that played sabertooth, senator Kelly, and mistique, the people that played them just didn't do a good job. I hope those actors don't show up in the sequel. Anyhow, the movie still ended up being very good even with them in it. It was based on comics but it was able to run like a good science fiction movie should. I ended up buying this movie because it has a lot of very interesting parts in it. I really hope the sequel is just as good and with some better actors playing the bad characters so it seems more realistic. Frog was pretty cool in this movie though. I heard the sequel will come out on christmas in 2002 so it's safe to say I have a while to wait until it come out.
1580810608|5.0|P.G. Wodehouse's delightful English comedy, The Code Of TheWoosters has been beautifully adapted and directed as a stage playMark Richard and produced in audiobook form with a nine member castbringing Bertie Wooster, his unflappable butler Jeeves and a host ofcharacters to life.  Bertie's beloved Aunt Dahlia pressures him intostealing a cow-shaped silver creamer and that launches another merrymix-up of laughs, gaffs, and frustrated romances in true Wodehousestyle. The Code Of The Woosters is a superbly entertaining, 121minute, two cassette &quot;theatre of the mind&quot; production thatis a &quot;must&quot; for all Wodehouse fans.  Also very highlyrecommended is the L.A. Theatre Works production of Wodehouse's ThankYou, Jeeves (1-58081-119-1, ....  END
B000058B2W|5.0|This album was a return to form for the Procol gang after the previous year's so-so 'Grand Hotel'. While that album was a sort of shakedown cruise for the recent line-up change of the band, this release found the hard touring band focused and ready to rock. Yeah, they could rock! Despite their reputation as a 'progressive rock' group they were never more than a few steps removed from the RnB combo they started out as. Gary Brooker and Keith Ried came up with a great bunch of songs here. &quot;Nothing But The Truth&quot;, &quot;As Strong As Samson&quot;, and &quot;Butterfly Boys&quot; are among the finest tunes in the group's long history. The bad news; they shoulda quit right after this release cuz it was a slow decline from here on out. So treasure this one, and if you like it as much as I do you'll want their 'Live BBC' cd too, because it was recorded during this era. It's great to see so many Procol Harum albums being released on CD these days, so to whom it may concern; howza 'bout puttin' out 'Broken Barricades'?
B00000K31V|4.0|It has been almost two years since I first wanted to see eXistenZ by David Cronenberg. And I do insist on the particular ortography since, in the very first sequence, one of the movie's characters says that &quot;It's a new game - it's spelled like this: small 'e,' capital 'X,' capital 'Z.'&quot; But the game is not new at all! It is as old as time, except now somebody has finally done a coherent, solid, and downright smart film about the make-believe of video games. Before them, of course, it used to be the theatre and film that got accused for their make-believe.<br />Done with much much less money than the well-acclaimed &quot;Matrix,&quot; eXistenZ should also stimulate much much more neurons than Keanu Reeves's square-shaped face that - unfortunately - haunts me not through the films he's made but through his bad-hair-day appearances at various gatherings and awards. In lieu of him, eXistenZ features one of the best actors to emerge from the UK in the past 3-4 years - Jude Law. Beside him, there's Jennifer Jason-Leigh - whom, after seeing this film, I will never again mistake with Claire Dannes or Julliette Lewis. And of course, it doesn't hurt the movie a bit that alongside these two there are Willem Defoe and Ian Holm. <br />It is a general opinion that Cronenberg has got us used to strange films, which is a strange affirmation in itself since all of his films deal with very human themes, even though sometimes they are very obscure. eXistenZ does not contradict this. It is a story in which the constant shifting of perspectives and the director's imagination create a rhythm that cannot by any chance be equalled by the fights and special effects of &quot;Matrix.&quot; Moreover, while &quot;Matrix&quot; is already dated (probably in less than ten years from now people will regard it as some sort of &quot;Blade Runner,&quot; if that) eXistenZ will stay fresh because it is already filmed as a classic. Don't get me wrong - it is a Sci-Fi alright - but it also demonstrates very well how it is like to cut a little on the special effects and add a little on the mental effects! <br />Cronenberg is diabolical - he will make you want to go right back to the beginning of the film once you've watched it, and make you want to watch it again and again. He will also make you want to play eXistenZ - the video game - which to my knowledge does not exist (while the one based on &quot;Matrix&quot; is probably already out of fashion) and he will make you want to be Law of Jason-Leigh. Which is perfectly alright since they are both fresh and sexy.
B000056K04|5.0|As a &quot;true&quot; DMB fan, I don't think I'm supposed to like this CD. I think I'm supposed to be offended that Dave got a new producer and an electric guitar. That he &quot;sold us out, man!&quot;<br />But actually, I don't care what he did to cut this CD, because the results are excellent. Basically, the DMB preserved the arresting melodies and skilled accompaniment that characterized so many of its other songs, but condensed and sharpened the tunes. Especially with &quot;Before these Crowded Streets,&quot; some of Dave's songs tended to meander for too long, exposing us to some beautiful instrumental performances, but also losing the melody and the structure of the song. With this CD, just as with &quot;Under the Table,&quot; I love listening to almost every song on the album (the sole exception being &quot;I Did It&quot;). Dave, furthermore, sounds just as good with an electric guitar as with an acoustic one. I think this may be his best CD yet.<br />People may complain that the DMB'S sound is slightly different on this album, but the sound is almost uniformly GOOD. I think that's the point, isn't it?
6303481345|5.0|I've seen the english language version &amp; am beyond impressed w/The Ninja Scroll. It has it all: fight scenes that flow, characters you can like &amp; hate deeply, &amp; as the story progresses the plot gets better. Althoughthe ending is typical to some genres of anime. (sorrie! wont spoil it for ya!) Suffice to say I loved it, I plan on owning it &amp; any anime fan should see it.
B000059R8Y|5.0|If you like Eric Clapton order this ASAP.  It is a must have CD. I hope he plays a lot of this stuff on his current tour!
B00004Z459|5.0|What can i say 'bout Linkin Park?  For starters, they are amazing.  They have great vocals, &amp; ya never really get tired of listening to their songs.  i first listened to them @ school when a friend had them on a mp3 player &amp; i liked them from the start. they have what it takes to be a killer band, &amp; are soooooooo worth the money!
6305508550|5.0|This is my favorite comedy ever! The plot is original, the cast is great and the jokes are hilarious. Highly reccommended!
B000000QG8|5.0|IT'74 is one of the best (if not the best) live albums ever made. all the tracks rock!!!. too much alcohol, cradle rock and the excellent walk on hot coals are my personal favorites. it's pure high octane blues-rock, something so hard to find these days. just go and buy it.
0743420373|2.0|This book is wordy and poorly written.  It's really a short magazine article padded to make a book.  The authors are preachy, and they say the same things over and over and over.  Then, in case you didn't get their point the first 3 times, they give you an example or two.  And, if that isn't bad enough, they give the impression that they don't really like the people they interviewed.  The entire book is mean-spirited.  I learned very little from this book.
0452281881|5.0|Corks, yet another former copywriter turning his back on the evil empire and following his muse!<br /> Actually though, Matt Beaumont hasn't fallen very far from the tree with this one, an exposé of life in a purportedly fictional London ad agency over the course of two hectic weeks. You have to believe, then, that he knows what he's talking about. The result is a novel that rings so true you're feeling the characters' pain by page three. (And their panties by page 33.)<br /> There are lots of reasons to love this book. The antipodean version (and I guess that means the UK one) is subtitled &quot;a hilariously funny novel,&quot; which you have to admire. Its email-based format means it's a damned quick read. Let's talk about that format a little. There is no, absolutely no, linking text. The entire story is told through emails, complete with addresees, cc's, bcc's and time stamps. I thought this would make for a difficult read, but it doesn't. If you're used to working in an organisation where your emails and vmails outnumber f2f's it doesn't take long to pick up the flow of the story. <br /> I think it's even got some edges over traditional narrative. In the time it takes to read six one-sentence emails you get six different perspectives on the same event, complete with insights into how each character chooses to &quot;spin&quot; their response to each other. Checking the cc and bcc lists tells even more of the story. Bit like real life really.<br /> Good on you Matt Beaumont. Told straight, your book would have just been a bloody funny story about life at the advertising coalface. Wrapping it in a brilliantly crafted whole new genre takes it a long way beyond that. Amazonians; read and enjoy. Amazonians in advertising; make that a double and charge it to your favourite client.
0780631684|3.0|\\"Final Destination\\" is a fairly creepy, moderately entertaining little horror film dedicated to the proposition that, although one may not be able to exactly \\"cheat\\" death, one may be able to beat it on its own terms fair and square - provided one can figure out the rules that is.<br />The movie begins as a group of forty high school students and three of their teachers board a plane departing from JFK on a field trip to Paris.  Immediately before takeoff, one student receives a premonition that the plane will explode moments after becoming airborne, a vision that manages to get himself and several other passengers safely off before the inevitable occurs.  But as Alex and his fellow survivors soon discover, Death is not to be avoided quite so easily, as each becomes the target of a systematic plan of elimination.<br /> If the details of the initial premise sound familiar, it is probably because they match almost perfectly those surrounding the downing of Flight 103 back in 1996.  Waving aside questions of taste and propriety - is it really right to use the details of a real life tragedy as fodder for a silly little horror flick? - let us concede that \\"Final Destination\\" taps into some pretty basic fears about the uncertain, random and arbitrary nature of Death.  The idea itself is enough to make us all stop and ponder the truth of our mortality and the truly tenuous thread by which we daily cling to this thing we call life.  But like so many horror films in the modern era, the premise is better than the execution.  The various deaths depicted herein become so choreographed and preposterous in their details that they actually end up diluting some of their own ability to disturb and terrify.  Indeed, the more elaborate and high tech the death scenes become, the less creepy they seem.  We become bemused and detached when we should be cringing and empathetic.  Death simply has to work too hard in some of these scenes and the strain shows.<br />Thus, for all its originality of premise, the film, by making Death seem like nothing more disturbing than a conventional special effects showoff, robs Man's greatest enemy of his awe-inspiring and overwhelming power and sting!nality of premise, the film, by making Death seem like nothing more disturbing than a conventional special effects showoff, robs Man's greatest enemy of his awe-inspiring and overwhelming power and sting!
B000002MP2|5.0|Alright, I was in high school and saw the music video on eMpTyV for &quot;Basketcase.&quot; The guy who posted his review giving A- and A++ grades for each songs is a nimrod. (Oh God, I'm funny!) Everyone seems to like different songs on the album (his A-'s would be my A++'s and vice versa). But the fact is that EVERY SONG stands out. There are no losers on this album. And thanks to Green Day, I was introduced to many other great bands in the pop-punk and ska genres such as Less Than Jake, Op Ivy, No Doubt (pre-&quot;Tragic Kingdom&quot;), Screeching Weasel, Reel Big Fish, Rocket From the Crypt, Pennywise, Bad Religion, Goldfinger, Bad Religion, Blink 182 (pre-&quot;Dude Ranch&quot;), Rancid, Mighty Mighty Bosstones, and, of course, NOFX (who some people call the &quot;anti-Green Day&quot; saying that Green Day are sellouts and NOFX are completely DIY). Thank you Green Day. By the way, I listen to mostly classical music now but still love going back to the album I fell in love with 6+ years ago.
0375707972|2.0|The &quot;Reader&quot; was the first book i read out of the Oprah Book CLub, and i must say it impressed me enough to read more.  However, once i read another from the famed club, i realized this book was only mediocore.  It was a very simple read.  The kind of book you could put down for a months time (which i did), then come back to it.  Now i will say that i couldn't just stop reading the novel, i had to finish it.  The first part of the novel was very well written in aspects of storyline.  In characterization, it was not all that good.  I didn't have any feelings or emotions for the characters, none at all.  It was just a simple story to keep me busy when i had nothing to do.  Now if you want a REALLY good book for the club, try &quot;House Of Sand and Fog&quot;, by ANdre DubusIII, that book was an amazing read, however the ending left you hanging and you will want to know so much more about the characters.  It was still an extrodinary book!!
B000000FG8|5.0|They weren't the first, but they ARE the best. Even though a lot of people bash Green Day, those guys did help introduce Op Ivy to people like me (covering &quot;Knowledge&quot; on their second LP &quot;Kerplunk!&quot;). Op Ivy aren't Green Day. Op Ivy are the Beatles of the pop-punk/ska movement! They weren't the first (one could say The Sex Pistols or The Ramones were the Elvis of the movement), but in many people's opinion, they were the best! This album is absolutely timeless. I wish I could buy a copy for everyone in the world. Every once in a while, I'll give a copy to someone who has never liked anything out of the pop genre. And they always love it and start delving deeper into the pop-punk/ska genre. I stopped delving and mostly listen to electronica now, but I'll always love this album and share it with others.
B00000IAU3|5.0|This album and this singer is a giant pull on the steering-wheel back to Music! There are still so many bands and songwriters who want their one minute of fame, writing and playing for effect, hardly considering Music at all. I can hear in Dido her voice, that what she sings, she has lived! Now to me, combined with an excellent five-star producer, and exquisite songwriter, THAT'S MUSIC!<br />I adore the structure of the opening song, contained in an everlasting crescendo, reminding me of Tears For Fears' Woman in Chains. It's used rarely, but it's highly effective and oh-so-beautiful!!! It has at least the same intensity as Unfinished Sympathy by Massive Attack (a song giving me goosebumps down my spine, even pulling me over by the side of the road might I hear it in a bar)! Every song and soundclip I heard was written by and for the heart, which makes it so great! Just an hour ago, I didn't know Dido, but now I will rush to the store and buy the album!<br />Dido, might you ever read this, writing to you from the heart as the songwriter/composer/musician I am, and as a new-born fan, please never be tempted to write just for money and commerce, but always from the heart like you do now! From the bottom of my heart I wish to thank you for translating your life and emotions into music and letting us share them! Thank you!!! Bless you!!!
6304712499|1.0|This COULD have been a decent movie.  The Story barely tells you about the charector Spawn and Al Sommions &lt;SuperMan did it the best, and BatMan did it good to&gt;, Costume ......&lt;not as bad as the ones in Batman and Robin, but the siut just dont dont fit right&gt; Story was bad to &lt;for some reason I just felt bored with it&gt;, The Only thing i liked was Clown and the Cape that was all.
B00004THAY|3.0|I'll admit I was hoping for more from this CD. It's two great guitarists having a good time playing together, trading vocals and leads. Nothing wrong with that and it makes for a fun listening experience, but it leaves you wondering what might have happened if this was the sixties when these two got together and did a whole album? Oh, what might have been!
B000051VWW|4.0|Sade was the queen of mood music during the 80's, and now she returns with even a more clearer picture of the beauty and pain of love.  Sade doesn't change the formula that has showcased her talents, and she doesn't overcompensate by trying to match and imitate the musical flavors-of-the-week in today's music market.  But she has changed her mood: she is more self-assured, especially in her roots which she sings about in songs like &quot;Slave Song&quot; which features a tribal-like percussion over such lyrics as &quot;...even the comfort of a stone would be a gain.&quot; Sade knows sorrow, and no one can deny that when she sings the line &quot;I'm the king of sorrow&quot; in &quot;King of Sorrow.&quot;  She has the great ability to convey emotion to her listeners through her singing and music.<br />But, sorrow isn't the theme of this album: love is, as is evident in the title and its song &quot;Lovers Rock.&quot;  Sade also keeps a jazzy attitude in &quot;Flow&quot; and &quot;Every Word.&quot;<br />I was disappointed in that there aren't any &quot;showstoppers&quot; here like her previous &quot;Jezebel&quot; and &quot;Is It a Crime?&quot; but her simple song writing and powerful statements make the album all worthwhile.  Instead of numerous layerings of sounds and textures, Sade just lets things flow and groove, making it evident that Sade can set any mood.
B00003CX6P|3.0|I have to say... this movie was... er... interesting. The movie started off great... and continued to be great until... oh... say... 2/3 of the way into the movie, where the movie started self-destructing. Not to mention the horribly ambiguous ending... Not to mention many questions left unanswered... (I.E. What happened to Tom? Why the hell was Cate Blanchett's character even IN the movie? etc.) The performances were great, and Italy looked beautiful... but there's still something missing.... like an actual ENDING?
0783229321|4.0|You've heard the good, now here's the bad. Umm...  John Belushi is dead, co-workers quote it a lot(not as much as Fletch), and you wonder if that tie was really silk. Okay, not much bad to say about it...
0345349571|5.0|While &quot;A Distant Mirror&quot; uses the life of a certain French noble as a thread of continuity, it goes beyond his biography. It is a thick, exhaustive tome of scholarly research which details the main events of 14th century Western Europe and England.  The main themes are 1) the corruption of the nobles and the Church, 2) the wars of England upon France, and the soldiers who subsequently became mercenaries who continued to ravage France, and 3) the Black Death, which wiped out about half the population of Europe in succeeding waves over 50 years. The description of the populace's reaction to the plague was particularly interesting - people at first thought it was a scourge from God and the end of the world was at hand.  Then as it hit again and again and the world didn't end, they drew their own conclusions.
B00003CXMG|5.0|The most obvious hidden album cover is Pink Floyd's 'Dark Side Of The Moon' during an early car ride. Have fun!
B000002L9J|5.0|very few words to say just, &quot;simply the best of the best.&quot;
B00004U8H4|4.0|&quot;American Psycho&quot; is deinitely NOT for the faint of heart. With tons of sex, violence, and drug references, this is one OUTRAGEOUS movie... This isn't to say that it's not good... it's just... sadistic. BUT... I have to say, that the black humour was well appreciated... kind of lightening up the disgusting subject matter of the movie. This was a very chilling and twisted movie... see it!
B00003CWL6|4.0|This was a good film.  Entertaning as watching home movies of a disturbed family on vacation. Okay, without Kevin Spacey, is this movie worth anything?  If you saw it on a box that promoted it as 'Best of Sundance'?   Of course not.  The industry hype has sold you on it's genius, it's cutting edgeness, etc... It'a Robert Altman film without Roger Altman, folks.  He's been doing films *exactly* like this one for years.  I'm not an Altman fan, so I'm trying to comapare them.   As I said, a good film.  Not a great one, and certainly not worth giving an Oscar to.
B00004W19V|5.0|&quot;Short Circuit&quot; has been one of my favorite comedies since I first saw it. Now there is a wondrful DVD version with great &quot;bonus features&quot;. The &quot;making of&quot; and &quot;behind the scenes&quot; are a bit disappointing because they are so short, but the interviews with the stars, director and tech people are great. It is worth having the DVD just for the track with comments by the director and authors.<br />The film itself is a delightful modern day fantasy. Yes, the computers and such items do show the age of this 1986 film, but do not take away from the great story. Any film that can make you fall in love with a piece of machinery and care about what happens to it is a wonder. Number 5 is a real character with an endearing personality. This is true cinema magic. But, this could never have happened without truly wonderful performances by Ally Sheedy and Steve Guttenberg. Their belief in #5 draws the viewer into the story and makes you believe too. One false move from them and the film could have fallen apart. Fisher Stevens gives a comic gem of a performance as the Indian character who has trouble with the English language. On the &quot;bonus track&quot; John Badham, the director, states that many of the most humerous line were invented on the spot by Mr. Stevens.<br />Even the &quot;villians&quot; are not really evil, just over zealous in carrying out their jobs. Yes, you &quot;hate&quot; them because you've come to care so much for #5 and cheer when they are outsmarted, but that is part of the fun of this film.<br />To summon it up, get your popcorn, soft drink and other munchies, put this little gem in your DVD and have a really fun time.
B000002UVZ|5.0|In previouse REM albums, all of which are great, Michael Stipe tended to sing in a low mumbled fashion. The album title Murmer is a good way of describing the way Stipe sang. And listening to their latest work &quot;The Great Beyond&quot; it seems Stipe has possibly the best voice in rock today.<br />But it first really came out on this album. But is it good? Hell yeah. Not only did Stipes voice come out of it's shell but Berry, Buck and Mills produced some of the most uplifting strait rock sounds of their carrer. This album opened with the intention that this album would build on the work of previous efforts, but provide a solid rock edge that REM could rely on in later works such as Document, and parts of Green.<br />Most likley REM'S biggest sound jump in it's carrer.
B00005214X|5.0|I remember that being a headline after this release from the &quot;underdog&quot; Beatle.  This classic rightly deserves the name &quot;masterpiece&quot;-from beginning to end it's simply flawless and evokes so many emotional responses in the listener-the thing great art is supposed to do.  If you purchase only one Harrison album make it this one.  You just can't go wrong.
B00004XOWM|1.0|This is the worst form of hard rock I've heard before! Rollin' sounds so stupid, and Freddie saying F---, F---, F---, over and over is childish! I have noticed that this trash was selling well at our local Best Buy store. I prefer real rock with NO rap (ugh) influences.
B00003CXDG|3.0|Very good Mission Impossible movie.  Lot's of action, plot, machismo(I've always wanted to use that word in a review).  If you're looking for a movie with lot's of explosions, and very good angles, Woo is the man to deliver.  If you are looking for a tear jerker, or something with substance, it won't be here. Not that is a bad thing, as movies are supposed to entertain.  And this one pays up.
B000056JYB|5.0|Blind Faith was an incredible collaboration of several of the most talented rock musicians ever, Eric Clapton, Steve Winwood, and Ginger Baker.  Their credentials could fill a book, and their output was all you would expect, an album containing several true masterpieces (Sea of Joy, Can't Find My Way Home, and Presence of the Lord), as well as some superb jamming.  This double CD gives you so much more than the original, including an incredible full CD of nothing but these rock icons in jam sessions.  Even if you just want the six tracks from the original albums this is worth it, and if you want to explore the music further, this is a remarkable bargain.
B000002UVZ|5.0|In previouse REM albums, all of which are great, Michael Stipe tended to sing in a low mumbled fashion. The album title Murmer is a good way of describing the way Stipe sang. And listening to their latest work &quot;The Great Beyond&quot; it seems Stipe has possibly the best voice in rock today.<br />But it first really came out on this album. But is it good? Hell yeah. Not only did Stipes voice come out of it's shell but Berry, Buck and Mills produced some of the most uplifting strait rock sounds of their carrer. This album opened with the intention that this album would build on the work of previous efforts, but provide a solid rock edge that REM could rely on in later works such as Document, and parts of Green.<br />Most likley REM'S biggest sound jump in it's carrer.
B000002U9K|5.0|If you've heard &quot;Very&quot; and become a PSB fanatic then this is your next best choice-their first album.  The lyrics evoke romance, longing, craving, heartache, melancholy moments-a whole feast of emotions to dance to.  I remember these feelings so well when I was 20 something.  Don't miss this one.
B000059MEK|5.0|I think i'll review this album in list form, that should be fun!  1. Ok, first of all, this album is very tounge in cheek and if you dont understand that, then you probably hate it.  How can people honestly think they sincerely write lyrics like &quot;celebrate and Dance so free.&quot;  Yes, they know it sounds dated, that's the point.  But at the same time, they blur the lines, so you never know where the joke begins and ends.  They trick you into admitting you love the ridiculous.    2. Still, the music is really beautiful.  They can take ignorant lyrics, terribly cheesy sounds, and make them beautiful.  How? Who Knows?  3. Homework was Dance Music also!  I'm not sure why people think it was some deeply sacred piece of music, but it wasn't.  It also was about having fun, and because of that, I don't see Discovery as some huge departure.  4. Discovery varies from homework mainly in the amount of variety of song structure.  I love Homework, but you have to admit, the songs were all structured in a similar way. Discovery is full of surprises, and because of that I believe it is (gasp) a better album.  5. Short circuit IS a good song.  6.Daft Club is a brilliant idea, and the first track released is pretty cool.  7. If you love cheesy music, that is actually good underneath, buy Discovery, lock yourself in your room, and just wallow in it. Feel no shame.
6305922756|4.0|Very good film, taking a queue from The Rutles.  It reminds us of how human(and rather foolish) the music industry is.  Days of the actual rock stars are gone, and this brings back the memories of all of the 80's hair bands, when stars were gods.  Now, the music industry stars are like that annoying guy next door.
B00005214X|5.0|The strength and versatility of this great solo masterpiece demonstrates that George Harrison in his own way was critical to the success of the Beatles, both in terms of his underrated guitar playing and the unmistakeable contribution he made musically and philosophically.  This album does have its weak moments, but they are more than compensated for by a series of excellent songs including the beautiful, spiritual title track, Isn't it a Pity, Apple Scruffs, What is Life, and of course the all time great song My Sweet Lord (who CARES if it borrowed from He's So Fine?).  The extra tracks here are fascinating, the sound is great, and you should definitely buy this one.
B000024QML|5.0|This dance music classic is the cream of the crop for the nineties.  Intelligent, romantic, melancholy, bittersweet-these guys move your heart and soul as well as your feet.  Life's too short not to give this a listen.
B00003Q438|2.0|OK, so maybe this movie isn't awful, but geez, it is pretty water-logged.  I was very disappointed in The Abyss, which I had never seen before and only recently bought on DVD.  Forget about all the DVD extras.  What I want to know is...IS THE MOVIE ANY GOOD???  And the answer is mixed, leaning more toward the negative.<br />The Abyss is about an hour too long, with way too many sub-plots for even a sharp guy like me to follow.  Underwater aliens, crazy Navy SEALS, nuclear warheads, drowned women brought back to life...after a while, it just got ridiculous.  Worse, I suppose, are the many scenes that are simply flat-out preposterous.  Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio drowning and coming back to life by being slapped by Ed Harris was a real howler.  So was Ed Harris's interminable plunge to retrieve the warhead (sink already, Ed, sink and end this film!!!) and then being told to cut &quot;these&quot; wires but not &quot;those&quot; wires (come on, Mr. Cameron, is that the best you can do?)<br />The Abyss proves that Cameron is a far superior director than he is a writer, as the film is gorgeously photographed.  Again, too many explosions, floods, unintelligible screaming and general mayhem to keep my interest (the first 10 crises were interesting, then it got numbingly boring).  The love story was achingly predictable, and the aliens really had no point at all, as far as I'm concerned.  They merely looked like an excuse to show off some fancy computer effects.<br />A few years later, Cameron improved drastically on this near-dud with the taut, gripping Terminator 2.  Skip this one, though.  It's all wet.
0066620694|4.0|Dr. Christensen's book offered me a fresh perspective into looking at how large established business failed. As the author explained it, the standard process that governs sound management could be the same one that destroys the company. I found his use of graphics and quantities data sufficient as well as very useful in understand concepts such as the S-curve and the value networks. The detailed analysis shows that the author has done quite a bit of research into the topic and that makes the data more credible to me. His writing style is very easy to understand and organized. First few chapters go into how disruptive technology can destroy a company if not harnessed. His later chapters list guidelines on how to avoid the pitfalls. These guidelines are followed thoroughly by many case studies and quotes from industry leaders. While company's policies shouldn't be based on a few guidelines and the situations in a person's particular industry may find the guidelines hard to follow, the author's particular views are irrefutable and should at least be considered by the managers. It's really exciting to see him link the same principles to so many varying industries from high tech to low tech. The overarching principle of sustaining technology and disruptive technology and how a company should embrace it could be applied to any large established industry.<br />    People who are interested in the business world should read this book and should especially be read by top managers in large corporation because many of them are ultimately responsible for success or failure of implementing disruptive technology.       However, this is not a perfect book. I am a bit skeptical as to whether these rules apply to medium sized companies or companies with low margins. Therefore, my opinion is that the guidelines listed here really only applies to large organization with a lot of resources to divide. Also, The author sometimes repeat his points more than he should. He tends to concentrate so much on the hard disk drive industry that he left less room to get into deeper analysis into other industries.<br />    Overall, I think this is a great read for anyone interested in business and wondered about how large companies such as Montgomery Wards could go belly-up or why Digital Corporation disappeared from our vocabulary.
B0000507PC|4.0|This movie adapts John Irving's novel of the same name - indeed, Irving provided the script.  Add to this the directorship of Lasse Halstrom, who has not turned out a bad movie in my opinion, meant I looked forward to seeing this - but somehow managed not to see it at the movies.<br />Now having watched it, I remain very happy with the movie.  The script is an excellent, if abridged, version of the novel and the cast perform wonderfully under Hallstrom's direction.<br />The story is a reasonably slow-moving, character-driven one.  The focus of the story is on children and growing up, the support they receive and the perils they face.  The lead character, Homer Wells is brilliantly portrayed by Tobey Maguire, who didn't necessarily look like I imagined Homer would but his acting brought the character to life for me.<br />Michael Caine as Dr Larch is also fantastic.<br />While not a movie for everyone (there are some quite confronting parts), it is an engrossing and emotional journey which I believe worth your while.
0783230893|5.0|I've read Fannie Flagg's book which eventually became this movie. The book was very good and this video is even better. It brings to life this small sleepy town and its characters. The acting was fantastic.<br />Better yet is the opportunity to visit the small community where the film was made. That's right--go to Juliette, Georgia to see Smokey Lonesome's shack. See that fabulous barbeque pit where Frank Bennett became so tasty even though he was a dispicable man. See the headstone of Buddy Jrs arm. Tour Ruth &amp; Idgy's home. Look at the spillway where Idgy fished and the railroad tracks that took Buddy's life and Buddy Jrs arm. BUT most importantly--enter The Whistlestop Cafe and sit down for an order of Fried Green Tomatoes. That's right--the cafe is there and open to the public. You'll never forget your visit to this little community. AND it will help even more to bring to life this wonderful film.
B00004YW6I|5.0|I first started listening to PJ Harvey because i saw the video for &quot;A Perfect Day Elise.&quot; I loved that song, and finally bought the cd. Right from the first song &quot;Angelene,&quot; which I loved, I knew that I would love her music. It took another listen of &quot;Is This Desire?&quot; to really get into the album. Now, I am an avid PJ Harvey fan. So, when her new album came out, &quot;Stories from the city, Stories from the sea,&quot; I went out and bought it. From the first listen, I loved it. I can't get enough of it. I listen to it almost every day, it is so good. What I like most about PJ Harvey is that every one of her albums is different. She doesn't re-tread on same ground. Every album has its own uniqueness and sound and voice. Congrats to PJ Harvey for giving us the best album of the year. It starts off with &quot;Big Exit&quot; and goes from there. My favorite is &quot;We Float.&quot; Her voice on this song is so haunting and moving. This is one of those albums where every song is good. Same goes for PJ Harvey's other albums. Every song is good in its own way. If you haven't gotten this album yet, what are you waiting for?
B000001IQH|5.0|I don't care what you call them. Pop, ska, sellouts, whatever. There is no denying that this is the greatest punk cd ever put out. Don't judge them by their MTV videos, or their radio airplay. Their still great, and in my eyes, they will never sell out. This cd is proof that punks not dead, and if anyone says it is, point to this album, and you will prove them wrong. This album has more ska elements than any other cd, and is the slowest Rancid cd. Slow or not, &quot;Let's Go&quot; or &quot;Rancid 2000&quot; aren't even in the same range of greatness that this cd is in. In 20-30 years people will still be bying this cd.
B00000I8NC|5.0|This being the third album I have purchased by this outfit from Montreal, I am left with the opening question. The songs, as ever, are movements in a modern symphony more than simple tracks or slices of music. And the experience is quite incredible to be sure. Their are two &quot;movements&quot; on this EP with such power, beauty, and presence as to be worth twice the paltry sum of \\"what\\"... I paid. while Nihilists no doubt hail this group as god's, in as far as they are able, this music is infinitely approachable by most people able to appreciate great music. And, as I have said, it is more of an exrperience than a listen!<br /> A movie with no picture, no pop-corn, and a story as malleable as your imagination will allow. When you put it on, take off your shoes, lay back,turn the lights down, and go with it.
B00000ILBK|1.0|Clearly the worst of the feature films.  With all the possible stories in the universe, I fail to see how this one rose to the top?  It doesn't advance the series at all.  I'd like to think that its poor theatrical and critical performance has served as a wake-up call to Paramount and Trek Execs -- get a top notch writer, director (I don't blame Frakes for this one), and FX shop for all future films.
B00000273P|5.0|Here you find 19 gorgeous pop songs. The Beatles were superb, Prefab Sprout were and will be THE BEST, forever. Dont miss this record...
B000002G87|4.0|Derek and the Dominoes is where Clapton's talent really shines. This CD is worthy of 4 stars most definatley. (I don't give 5 stars out that easily, and this album does not match my standards of 5 stars.) <br />Standouts on this album are &quot;Layla&quot; and &quot;Bellbottom Blues.&quot; Others include &quot;Why does love got to be so sad&quot; and &quot;Key to the Highway.&quot; I wish Clapton would've kept this kind of guitar playing up, as opposed to going the direction of Pilgrim and Reptile. Oh well, I'll be listening to this until Clapton comes out with another real guitar album.
B0000508U6|5.0|In just one CD and ten tracks, Coldplay has proven to be better than Oasis and dozens of other fly-by night Brit bands. The music is touching, because a lot of the songs you could actually relate to. Someone said that Chris actually sounds like a troubled man, not some punk teenybopper-I agree. His vocals aren't exactly high class, but they work on a different, more arty level. Don't Panic is a morsel of a song, with a catchy chorus a nice piano solo. Shiver is a sweeping song, full of big guitars and nice lyrics. The chorus rules as well. Spies is a great song, I love the lyrics and the gentle feel. Sparks is almost silent, purely evident in the chorus when his vocals break in they sound a little loud. Yellow everyone knows this track, is a beautiful, pure love song. The best songs are the first five, but the others rule. Parachutes is better than Radioheads trumped-up Kid A, and a timeless masterpiece.
B00003CXE7|5.0|A great film and enough has been said about it already, so here's the trick to seeing a hidden section on the 2nd disc showing more about the cut Rhino scene.<br />On the 2nd disk find the cut rhino scene, then when you see the three frame concept art of the rhino fight, select &quot;UP&quot; and the rhino in the middle frame should highlight.. Then press enter and that will take you to the test footage of the computer animated rhino and also the full text of how the fight would have been played out.<br />This works on the R2  ( UK ) disk  not sure about R1
B000059R8Y|5.0|I loved this CD - and find the more I listen the more I find to like about it.  It's not like anything he has done before, and that is the thing to appreciate about this artist.  &quot;Find myself&quot; was a great story as well as a tune, and his rendition of &quot;Come back Baby&quot;, &quot;Ain't gonna stand for it&quot; and &quot;Don't let me be lonely tonight&quot; were excelent.  I think this CD shows there are many facets to this artist and makes you feel you have yet to see the best of him.  He doesn't sound the same as he did with &quot;Cream&quot; but the true mark of an artists longivity is in how well he can adapt his music to the times to continue selling it.  He did a great job in doing this on his &quot;Reptile&quot; CD.  He just keeps getting better and better.  This is a keeper and deffinitely one you want to add to your collection.
B00004Z459|5.0|I met Linkin Park and got their autographs about 3 months ago.  I didn't know who they were at the time because they were touring with POD and met them too.  They were the nicest guys and after that I bought their cd, which is so GREAT.  Every song on it is a masterpiece.  The best ones are &quot;Forgotten&quot;, &quot;Crawling&quot;, &quot;Runaway&quot;, and &quot;one Step Closer&quot;.  I would recommend this for anyone who likes rap or rock.  Actually, everyone who likes music should one this one.
014028009X|2.0|This overhyped novel seemed somehow familiar to me, when I suddenly realized that it was merely a much much longer prose riff on the Waitresses' &quot;Cristmas Wrapping&quot; song from the early 80's (listen, you'll agree).  Save yourself the anxiety brought on by reading the book and go listen to the song.<br />P.S. Any book that suggests that a medium height woman at 130 pounds is overweight, should be nominated for an Annie B.(the award given to cultural images that cause eating disorders in young women and girls).  Sick.
B000000H42|5.0|This is my favorite Mercyful Fate Realease. I think it is even better than Melissa. My favorite song is The Oath, although I love A Dangerous Meeeting, Nightmare, Night Of The Unborn, Gypsy, and Come To The Sabbath. If you think the 11-minute thriller Satan's Fall is good check this out. This album also introduces the harpsicord that has been used throughout Fate's Career(featured on Nightmare, and Come To The Sabbath)Oh by the way always skip through the crappy sound effects before The Oath. I think they are just annoying and a waste of space. I also dont care very much for To One Far Away or The Death Kiss Demo. Now Death Kiss on this album is all messed up, the version surfaced on Return Of The Vampire is much better. That is pretty much all the bad stuff on this ablum. On the good side the guitar riffs on A Dangerous Meeting is just awesome. I love King Diamonds vocals when he goes &quot;They're Gonna Get Themselves Killed!&quot; The opening line of The Oath is &quot;I Deny Jesus Christ&quot; just incredible is that falseto. Well this is the best Mercyful Fate Album. Here are the rest Of the albums in the order in which I liked them     Don't Break The Oath     9      Melissa     The Beginning     Return Of The Vampire     Time     In The Shadows     Dead Again     Into The Unknown  Get This CD
068485743X|5.0|This is an excellent book for those who are just beginning to write, but for anyone who has been around a while, who has tested the market and studied its requirements, there's nothing new here.
B000056K04|4.0|This is the second review I've written for this album.  I'm writing it again because I'm so disappointed in the way people are receiving it.  <br />To start, I gave the album 4 stars because I do agree with the fact that the band isn't featured as much induvidually as on previous records.  But they ARE still there.  The thing I've read about the band not being featured that upsets me most was someone saying Carter could be replaced by a drum machine.  Carter is still the best drummer ever to live!  The only difference on this record is that he takes kind of a John Bonham approach (Led Zeppelin's drummer who was the greatest hard rock drummer of all time) than his typical jazzy style.  <br />All I seem to read is: &quot;Dave shouldn't play electric,&quot; or &quot;It's a sellout because they used Glen Ballard,&quot; or &quot;what happened to old DMB?&quot; or &quot;they've gone mainstream&quot; or any other sort of cliche statement by people who wish Dave still played in clubs and coffee houses.  <br />I'm so sick of this, and I'm sure if Dave Matthews himself read these reviews, he would see that you all clearly missed the point.  Dave didn't change the sound to &quot;sell out&quot;.  He changed it because he felt the need for a change, and it kind of sprang up on him.  He was in the dumps, and it showed in the songs recorded earlier by Lillywhite.  Yes, those songs were fantastic, and I was extremely disappointed when I heard they weren't going to be on the new album.  They are actually some of my favorite songs he has ever written (and his).<br />But if you go to a lyrics archive, you'll see that the lyrics in those songs are anything but uplifting (which is what 80% of DMB's most loved songs are about).  The songs are about confusion, depression, hopelessness, and lack of faith in life.  Not exactly typical happy-go-lucky Dave Matthews written songs.<br />However, when Dave met up with Glen Ballard, he had an explosion of creativity and wrote ten new UPLIFTING songs in one week!  And what does Dave claim this was caused by?  It was (1) his discovery of electric and baritone guitar love, and (2) Glen Ballard's welcoming attitude towards Dave's song writing style. <br />So for everyone out there who decided the change was to &quot;sell out&quot; or &quot;go mainstream&quot;.  Wake up people!  DMB went mainstream the day UTTAD was released!  I suggest you go to [...] and read the interview Dave did.  Hopefully it will open your minds up and make you realize that just because an artist takes a different approach to creativity, they're not betraying their fans.  Even if it doesn't, DMB will be around for a while because they still have fans who understand that they are human beings, and who will support them until they turn into Limp Bizkit.
0790738139|5.0|If you like police noir set in the 40s, this is a teriffic movie.  The characters are played by the cream of the crop of the new Hollywood, including Russell Crowe and Guy Pearce.  You can really believe in these guys, a great mix of the good and the bad in their characters.  No white knights here.  The length of the movie is perfect, and the latest VHS have a discussion afterward of the movie by James Elroy and the director and some of the stars, which is really great.  A good movie to own.  Should have won ALL the Oscars.  Much better than Titanic, which was a real snooze.
B00000I8BX|5.0|being like a major ff fan i gotta say this is their best effort so far! its gonna be awesome if the new digimortal album can beat it!!! this is just the best friggin cd in my collection and im my opinion the world!! its got something for everyone if you like death metal check out SHOCK, industrial?--HI-TECH HATE!! power ballads??--RESURRECTION classic rock??--CARS black metal??--0-0 (WHERE EVIL DWELLS) every one who likes even just rock should just hear this if your ears can take this assault!!!
0679777547|4.0|Arturo Perez-Reverte effortly melds the plot of &quot; The Club Dumas&quot; with the characters of &quot;The Three Musketeers&quot;.  His mysteries work on different levels.  He has quickly become one of my favorite authors. Arturo Perez-Reverte has joined the ranks of Gabriel Garcia-Marquez as one of my favorite storytellers.
B00004ZB9D|5.0|This Greatest Hits compilation from Lenny Kravitz revealed to me what i already knew that he is a great songwriter although perhaps always overlooked for more mediocre artists how have more mainstream appeal. Most of the songs here are great although a few more would not have gone amiss as there is still about 20 minutes left at the end of the disc and with five terrific studio albums he surely had some more songs to fill this extra space but despite this you can't complain about what is on offer.<br />Since it is called the Greatest Hits it therefore features all his Greatest Hits - well not quite but it does feature all his big chart smashes which were what people bought so obviously they'll buy this if it includes all the great Kravitz songs that charted. From the guitar heavy anthems of Are You Gonna Go My Way and Fly Away to more laid back numbers like Believe, Heaven Help and the current smash hit Again and not forgetting the totally irresistible It Ain't Over Till It's Over this CD is full of intsantly recognisable songs for the more casual record buyer. However, if you are a huge Lenny Kravitz fan some of the more cult classics have been left of but if you are a MAJOR fan you will no doubt have all his albums so this CD isn't really necessary unless you are completely obsessed with getting hold of Again.<br />All the hits are here and they are great and this genre defying superstar is here to stay and this CD should find a place in anyone's record collection who likes good guitar driven songs and more laid back songs.
B00004ZAV3|4.0|...Especially since I'm a teen who had never really gotten into the Beatles before.  This CD was meant to bring back memories, but also to introduce younger generations to the greatness that is THE BEATLES!  I'm definitely going to buy some of the older albums now. So, if morphing me into a fan was part of the plan of releasing &quot;1,&quot; then, mission accomplished.
B000059MEK|4.0|Daft Punk's Dicovery is a great album just to listen to in the background or in a club or whatever as it features great French dance music and the instrumental's on the album have that appeal that would make them sound good as backing to something. However, some of the instrumentals especially towards the end of the CD can become a little boring and repetitive and it is this and the aptly titled final track Too Long that brings this CD down as you can get bored if you are listening by yourself but in a group it may be better. There are some great tracks on offer here like One More Time which is quite irresistible and the instrumentals Aerodynamic and Crescendolls are great tunes and the guitar loops on Aerodynamic are refreashing and make it sound great. Vocal tracks Digital Love and Something About Us have their moments. I think the best track is Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger as it is so catchy and just makes you feel good and you just keep on thinking you'll listen to it One More Time.
B00004TLMC|1.0|Eyes Wide Shut is a long, slow journey that leads... nowhere.  While there are some attention-grabbing scenes such as the one in Victor Ziegler's pool room, too much of the film has the feeling that they are trying to fill out time.  Nicole Kidman gives a good performance and Sydney Pollack is very good, but Tom Cruise is, well, the same old cocky, one-dimensional Tom Cruise.  Unknown, bit actors kept showing him up in scene after scene; it got a little embarrasing.  If he wasn't good looking, he would have a hard time getting work.<br />I guess if you have 2.5 hours to kill and don't mind a movie that takes you nowhere, you might enjoy this film.
B000050XEI|5.0|I was first introduced to Enya by my brother a long time ago and since then she is one of the cornerstones of my musical collection.  This CD simply adds to the wealth of enjoyment she has provided me and many others.  Not one song on this CD is less than wonderful.  One really cannot pick this CD apart song by song, rather one has to look at it as a whole.  Her haunting voice and relaxing music makes this CD a must purchase!
B000059R8Y|4.0|&quot;Reptile&quot; is a wonderful throwback to Eric Clapton's mid-'70s solo albums with a hint of '90s &quot;Unplugged&quot; thrown in.  The album opens and closes with beautiful accoustic instrumentals written by EC, while many of the rest of the songs are soulful pieces from such artists as John J. Cale (who also wrote &quot;After Midnight&quot; and Cocaine&quot;), Stevie Wonder, and Ray Charles.<br />Eric Clapton co-produced this album, and it shows.  He seems to enjoy himself and do the kind of music he likes the way he likes to do it.  After Clapton's last solo studio album, &quot;Pilgrim,&quot; which was his worst album since the two horrible Phil Collins productions of the '80s, Clapton returned to his blues roots with his collaboration with the legendary B.B. King (&quot;Riding With the King&quot;).  &quot;Reptile&quot; proves that Clapton really did learn his lesson after &quot;Pilgrim,&quot; in that this album is true to his blues/R&amp;B roots.<br />Clapton's compositions over the past decade have been deeply personal -- e.g. &quot;Tears in Heaven&quot; and &quot;My Father's Eyes&quot; (the only good song on &quot;Pilgrim&quot;) -- and the Clapton compositions &quot;Believe in Life&quot; and &quot;Find Myself&quot; on this album continue this trend.  Clapton's writing collaborations here are also just as fun and elaborate as ever:  &quot;Superman Inside,&quot; which he co-wrote with Doyle Bramhall II, was a good choice to be the first single off this album.  For those of you who are unfamiliar with Bramhall, he is the son of Doyle Bramhall, Sr., who was the lead singer for the Fabulous Thudnerbirds and the man who taught Stevie Ray Vaughan how to sing.  DB II has performed throughout the '90s with SRV's back-up band, Double Trouble, and has begun a promising solo career as both a vocalist and blues guitarist.  On &quot;Reptile,&quot; DB II provides very nice background vocals and guitar work.<br />My personal favorite song on this album is Clapton's cover of James Taylor's &quot;Don't Let Me Be Lonely Tonight.&quot;  Just as Clapton did with Bob Dylan's &quot;Knockin' On Heaven's Door,&quot; EC transforms JT's simple ballad into a beautifully soulful musical expression.<br />This album has something for every Clapton fan -- blues, soul, accoustic jazz, R&amp;B, and rock.  And most importantly, the album emphasizes Clapton's greatest strength -- his diverse and immense talent as a guitarist.
6300213668|4.0|There's almost no one between the ages of 45 and 30 who can't sing all the words to &quot;Summer Days, Summer Nights,&quot; and that's probably the best testament to the enduring popularity of &quot;Grease,&quot; which was really the last successful movie musical in the great Hollywood tradition. The film was the most financially successful musical ever made, and when it was released it was almost impossible to go anywhere in America or Europe that summer without hearing the film's hits on the radio.<br />The central casting was just about ideal, with John Travolta perfect for the narcissistic and endearingly dumb Danny Zuko and the pop singer Olivia Newton-John as the virginal Sandy Olsen (originally Sandy Dumbowski in the stage version, but they had to explain Newton-John's accent and made her, somewhat bizarrely, a visiting Australian exchange student). Newton-John is extremely likeable and enchantingly pretty (with her highly etched cheekbones and big wide eyes): it's a real shame she never had the film career she deserved, because she is exceptionally winning in this film. Her singing is lovely too, although her big number (&quot;Hopelessly Devoted to You&quot;) was written by her usual songwriter John Farrar and doesn't sound like any other song in the film's score.<br />The rest of the cast is fair to middling, with Eve Arden basically walking away with the rest of the film as an Our Miss Brooks-like principal. Didi Conn makes the only real favorable impression out of the actors attempting (largely unsuccessfully) to convince us that they're teenagers. Stockard Channing is far too old to play Rizzo (although she's quite fine in both of her big numbers), and most of the actors who play the T-Birds are fairly annoying--they seem to be Borscht Belt comedians on special loan to Rydell High (that must be some exchange program). <br />The film is not without its puzzling points: you never seem to figure out why the televised national dance competition is being heldwith only the Rydell kids participating, or why the final song celebrates how much the characters like one another when they seemed largely unable to stand one another at all during the rest of the film. But its worth watching just for Travolta and Newton-John, and above all for the fine choreography (&quot;Summer Days, Summer Nights&quot; is a particular standout).
B00003CXDG|1.0|This movie was one of the worst films I have ever seen.  John Woo tried to cover up his lack of  plot by throwing in even more kung fu and explosions than he usually does.  After seeing the first film done by a director that actually has talent(Brian De Palma), this film is hard to swallow.  The worst thing, I think, is that Sir Anthony Hopkins actually lent his name to this film, if you could even call it a film.  I still can't believe that the same brilliant actor who played Hannibal Lector in Silence of the Lambs would agree to do this film.
0064407667|4.0|Don't be misled by reviewers who insist on either comparing this series to Harry Potter or dismissing it as &quot;too scary&quot; or politically incorrect for children. Adult readers who find the author's periodic definitions of big words annoying or insulting are forgetting that they're not the target audience. The premise here--that bad things keep happening to good children--is dealt with fairly tongue-in-cheek, and though it would seem that there's no one in the world to save the Baudelaire children from their presumed fate, it's they themselves who will come to their own rescue (and they do)! Funny, witty, and  charmingly different from much of what's being published for kids now.
0792845668|5.0|In this movie,they are first replaced with evil robots. They eventualy are killed and go to heaven and hell.In the end they win back their girls. This has a lot of violence and funny spots.I think you should get it.
B00000IMCW|4.0|One reviewer stated that because this film is a comment on consumerism (especially for the late 70's when this was made) and because this film has alot of gore doesn't make it a good movie.  True.  These are just a few things in this movie people delight in (really, I don't know why) and these are not the things that make this a good or bad movie.<br />Overall this movie is meant to do one thing: Scare you and make you have fun while it scares you.  And if you let it (like you should let any movie do what it tries to do...suspension of disbelief folks, it's a wonderful thing) you will be scared.  And yes, you will have fun with it.<br />Many shots and scenes here have fear in them.  ie: zombies pouring into the elevator with their hands stretched to the camera; Flyboy caught in a zombie game of hide and seek in the boiler room; a harrycaritina(sp?) zombie coming for a lone and unarmed Fran, etc.  But there is a deeper sense of fear at work here.  One that really makes people remember this movie as a good fright fest.  In this (as well as Romero's 2 other zombie flicks) the dead do not crawl from their coffins and up through 6 feet of dirt, there are no skeletons among them, and the only way to kill them is to destroy their re-animated brains.  Truely, IF zombies were to rise and take the earth (but of course they won't) I'm positive that it would be just as Romero visioned it.  Also, with these movies the theme of surival horror is at it's peak.  This isn't the vampire story where you must kill the master to restore everything, this isn't Evil Dead where you must only survive the night.  In this world, no matter where you run, no matter how many you kill, and no matter how long you survive, you will NEVER be free from the zombies.  One last thing, Romero's three movies give their own reason why it's happening, and NO ONE can shake a stick at these reasons.  Radiation from space for example, we don't even know everything about earth let alone from space.  Of course Idon't believe such a thing will happen, but like I said, No one can say for a FACT that this CAN'T happen...<br />People say this film is full of bad editing...not true, Romero likes his audience to experience the shot rather than see it.  That is why there are alot of quick and odd timed cuts that give this film a strange sense of pace.  Movies of today don't do this.  Which is why someone may consider the editing of this film bad.  But it's not true.<br />And the campiness of this film is not to be denied!  How can we hold camp AGAINST a movie when it sets out to find camp in the first place?!<br />A very good film!
0061020680|5.0|Chronologically, this is the fourth of the Discworld novels.  In many ways, however, it may be the best place to begin the series, reading a few more and then later going back and filling in &quot;The Colour of Magic&quot;, &quot;The Light Fantastic&quot; and &quot;Equal Rites&quot;.<br />&quot;Mort&quot; is the first of the &quot;Death&quot; sub-series witin the larger Discworld series as a whole (which includes &quot;The Reaper Man&quot;, &quot;Soul Music&quot; and &quot;Hogfather&quot;).  The Death of the Discworld is an interesting character -- and he is very much a *character*, rather than an event or a Presence, though he is those, too.  Death, after eons of being basically, well, Death, has decided he wants to understand the Human Condition.  I mean, being an awesome Anthropomorphised Personification, feared by virtually all, is all well and good... but he *still* doesn't understand why people put fruit in their drinks.<br />In this volume, we are introduced to young Mort, a farmer lad who just isn't suited for farming.  Or any other trade anyone can think of.  So his father takes him to the Hiring Fair in another town, rather in the manner of a man taking a horse that's only lame if you try to ride it to a Fair where no-one has ever seen it or him.  But no-one seems willing to take on Mort, even so. Until the stroke of midnight, when a black-cloaked figure on a big white horse rides up...<br />And so Mort is apprenticed to Death.<br />He learns to take The Duty, as Death refers to riding out personally as a courtesy to the more important decedents (witches and wizards know in advance when they will die and they and priests expect a personal visit from Death as a professional courtesy, so to speak; Death also appears personally to Kings and Emperors and such). Eventually, Death trusts Mort to do The Duty on his own for a couple of days while Death takes a brief holiday to learn more about humanity.<br />Which explains why, when a rather nasty Duke attempts to asassinate his beautiful young cousin, before she can take the throne, Mort tries to change things and takes the Duke, not the Princess.<br />But history has inertia and elasticity, and soon the imbalance between What Is Supposed To Be and What Actually Is begins to threaten reality.<br />And Death is off on holiday and things keep on Getting Worse.<br />This is the volume where Pratchett really begins to hit his stride and bring the Discworld to life -- an actual (albeit Strange) place with real (albeit extreme) characters whose problems are often recogniseable variations on our own.  He begins to truly master the dry, sometimes sardonic, tone of narration that makes the goings-on so much more funny... and sometimes, unexpectedly, much more sad and throat-catching.<br />The little touches -- the telling little bits of description not directly involved in the storyline as such but commenting or pointing out, almost as a tour-guide might, really begin to show up here, Unseen University begins to resemble the institution as portrayed in later books, and Pratchett begins explaining more of the physics, meta- and otherwise, of the Discworld.<br />The perfect introduction to the Discworld -- then, n my opinion, one should temporarily skip over the next three (&quot;Sourcery&quot;, &quot;Wyrd Sisters&quot; and &quot;Pyramids&quot;) to read &quot;Guards! Guards&quot;, the first of the &quot;Guards&quot; subseries, then hop back to &quot;Wyrd Sisters&quot;, which plays merry havoc with Shakespeare (particularly The Scottish Play) for a proper introduction to the &quot;Witches&quot; subseries...<br />After that, you're on your own.<br />But they're all rousing good fun and will, at least once per volume, make you think a bit, too...asassinate his beautiful young cousin, before she can take the throne, Mort tries to change things and takes the Duke, not the Princess.<br />But history has inertia and elasticity, and soon the imbalance between What Is Supposed To Be and What Actually Is begins to threaten reality.<br />And Death is off on holiday and things keep on Getting Worse.<br />This is the volume where Pratchett really begins to hit his stride and bring the Discworld to life -- an actual (albeit Strange) place with real (albeit extreme) characters whose problems are often recogniseable variations on our own.  He begins to truly master the dry, sometimes sardonic, tone of narration that makes the goings-on so much more funny... and sometimes, unexpectedly, much more sad and throat-catching.<br />The little touches -- the telling little bits of description not directly involved in the storyline as such but commenting or pointing out, almost as a tour-guide might, really begin to show up here, Unseen University begins to resemble the institution as portrayed in later books, and Pratchett begins explaining more of the physics, meta- and otherwise, of the Discworld.<br />The perfect introduction to the Discworld -- then, n my opinion, one should temporarily skip over the next three (&quot;Sourcery&quot;, &quot;Wyrd Sisters&quot; and &quot;Pyramids&quot;) to read &quot;Guards! Guards&quot;, the first of the &quot;Guards&quot; subseries, then hop back to &quot;Wyrd Sisters&quot;, which plays merry havoc with Shakespeare (particularly The Scottish Play) for a proper introduction to the &quot;Witches&quot; subseries...<br />After that, you're on your own.<br />But they're all rousing good fun and will, at least once per volume, make you think a bit, too...
B000050FEN|5.0|SEVEN was and always will be the best suspense thriller of all time. The suspense, the atmosphere, great performances by the cast, not to mention the great soundtrack. Now that i have the New Line Platnium Edition I can see inside the directors mind and how he made S7ven, what thoughts he had about the characters, the scenes and the story, how he set up the mood. This is all explained in the four commentaries that are included with the disc. On the second disc are supplemental material such as an inside look to the making of John Does books and the making of the title sequence with alternate versions. Also included are Deleted scenes with optional commentary, (mostly just extended takes but still good otherwise). But of course the best thing about it is the movie itself, fully remastered to look and sound just like the director wanted it. This is a must have for everybody.
B000002HK4|4.0|As a longtime fan of Yes, Pink Floyd, ELP and other such &quot;classic prog&quot; rockers, I usually find it hard to find such intelligent music as that of Dream Theater.  Though this is not their most prog-oriented album (that would be their masterpiece, Scenes from a Memory), it is still a whopper of an album, at least the 23 minute, seven-movement epic title piece.  The title track is hugely ambitious, artistically done, compositionally unconventional and intriguing (with more mixed meter changes than I care to count), superbly played and just damn good.  From the moment its ominous acoustic guitar line bursts into the crunching opening riff, it captures you and holds you until the very end.  Although some of the sections do not have smooth transitions, for the most part &quot;A Change of Seasons&quot; plays like a single song - a feat that some prog bands sometimes fail to do (think Spock's Beard, good as that band may be).  The theme, about acceptance of mortality, is seemingly dark but has an uplifting message, characteristic of progressive themes.  Buy the album for this song alone, if anything.<br />The covers that take up the rest of the album seem somewhat like filler.  They are certainly well played, of course, as Dream Theater seems to have some of the music industry's most prolific musicians today, but most are straight-ahead covers with little variation.  I liked the Elton John cover more than the original, and I love the Deep Purple cover, but being a HUGE Led Zeppelin fan didn't help my opinion of their cover of said band.  The medley at the end did not really impress me either.  As was said in another review, there are tons of tracks on Napster that weren't released on CD, many of which are better (check out the Rush and Yes medleys they do - apparently Steve Howe can really crank up the distortion when he wants to).  This is a good album for the title track; if you're looking for a perfect 80 minute album, get Scenes from a Memory, but if you already have that and want some more progressive goodness, this is a good choice, moreso than their other &quot;masterpiece,&quot; Images and Words.  Also, if you like this album, consider checking out Transatlantic (which drummer Mike Portnoy founded), Spock's Beard (which is a bit more poppy but still good), or the Flower Kings (more psychadelic but still great).
B00002Z88D|1.0|I fully expect this review to get a 0 out of 100 helpful review score. Metallica's next album should have a blindfolded Beavis holding a scale with a pile of cash outweighing the balance against artistic integrity on the cover, and titled &quot;... and Empty Pretension for All&quot;. It would still go platinum because the biggest complaint Metallica's fans have ever had is when the band cut their hair. <br />In the 80's Metallica achieved success by raping n.w.o.b.h.m. bands of their ideas and beating the Brits to U.S. audiences. I was a teenage metal fan at the time, and could never see what made Metallica more popular than Anthrax, Slayer, Overkill, Testament, Exodus, or any other thrash-speed band. Today, I still don't know. These hacks are the Stephen King of the music world. Searching for as many different ways to market their B.S. as possible. <br />As far as &quot;S &amp; M&quot; is concerned, I couldn't tell if they're trying to copy what so many great 70's prog-rock bands have done by playing with a symphony, or if they want to cash in on what Savatage, Rage, TSO and dozens of prog, power, and doom metal bands have been doing for years.
B000000XBC|5.0|There aren't too many bands who could put out an anthology album containing 20 songs (&quot;Chronicle&quot;) and still have enough first rate material left to issue a second album that's equally strong.  That CCR was able to do so is a testament to what a vastly talented group they were.  &quot;Chronicle Volume Two&quot; contains a few leftover radio hits not included on the first &quot;Chronicle&quot; album, including &quot;Born on the Bayou&quot; and &quot;Midnight Special.&quot;  It then offers up a generous helping of first rate album tracks, including &quot;Cotton Fields,&quot; &quot;It Came Out of the Sky,&quot; &quot;Pagan Baby,&quot; &quot;Hideaway,&quot; and &quot;Molina.&quot;  Throw in some classic rock and blues covers &quot;Before You Accuse Me,&quot; &quot;Hello Mary Lou&quot; and &quot;Good Golly Miss Molly,&quot; and you have an excellent package on your hands.  I actually prefer the second &quot;Chronicle&quot; album to the first because these are the songs that haven't been overplayed on classic rock radio stations.  Between the two albums, CCR's heyday is well represented.
0679879269|5.0|The Amber Spyglass is a wonderful conslusion to the three books in the His Dark Materials Trilogy. It answers all the questions left unanswered from the earlier books, pulling all the minor details together. Philip Pullman is a very descriptive author, and this book is full of great description and word choice. I love how Lyra and Will fall in love at the end. In an earlier review that I read on this page, someone said that this fact disappointed them because Lyra and Will were &quot;only kids&quot;. Well, they are actually 13 years old in this book, and while this may be considered young to fall in love by some, they are actually quite mature and have aged a lot after all they've been through. I would definitely recommend this book to anyone who has read the first two books in the trilogy!!!!!! I would recommend it to 8-12 grade readers, it is definitely got some parts in it for mature readers. The Amber Spyglass is an overall awesome book!!!!
B000002J1B|5.0|What can I say about one of the most evocative of all of Yes' albums?  The first piece, The Gates of Delirium, is based on Tolstoy's War and Peace.  In that perspective, listen to it. Listen to the swords clash, the mothers and wives scream as they see their men fall, the irrational &quot;logic&quot; of evil, and Steve Howe as the voice of logic. &quot;Listen, should we fight forever? Knowing, as we *do* know, fear destroys?  Listen, should we leave our children? Help us now.&quot; But pack mentality takes over, and continues to fight, until nothing is left, except the question, who won?  You learn in the end, if you fight evil with evil, you lose everything, and become evil.  My eyes tear each time I listen.        The next piece, Sound Chaser, is a brilliant attack on Fusion, and is like nothing else. It's amazing.      The last piece, To Be Over, is perfect for the afterglow you will have after this experience. Get it, and love it like I do.
B00004RHZU|5.0|I picked this up almost ayear ago, but I keep going back to it because the music is amazing and Pink unleashes her talent on each and every song. Her voice has many textures, and she shows both fierce confidence and deep emotion.<br />1) Split Personality - I love this song! Good introduction to Pink's unique style. The chorus has a gospel feel to it, and the song is backed by a crazy beat with flutes and awesome keyboards.10/10<br />2) Hell Wit Ya - A dance song with an edgy R&amp;B feel to it. The opening is almost scary. I like the add-libs Pink throws in when she's not singing. 8/10<br />3) Most Girls - So far, this is Pink's most popular song, and I can see why. It perfectly mixes R&amp;B, hip/hop and pop in one smooth song. The chorus flows well and is instantly catchy. The lyrics constantly rhyme, and the beat is intense. 9/10<br />4) There You Go - My #1 favorite Pink song! I think that because it was such a radio hit you have all heard it, so there's little explaining to do. All I gotta say is it's an extremely catchy, sassy and upbeat song. 10/10<br />5) You Make Me Sick - Another great upbeat song. The lyrics are the best part of the song, and she sounds really good on this. This is more rap than R&amp;B, but it's still very very catchy. 10/10<br />6) Let Me Let You Know - A great ballad about Pink getting fed up of her man's lying, so she lets him know she's leaving. I like the lyrics. This isn't her most soulful ballad, but I still like it. 8/10<br />7) Love Is Such A Crazy Thing - I think that this is a really great piano-filled midtempo song for those who can feel it, but personally it's not a favorite. The R&amp;B group 112 produced this for Pink, and her vocals are soft and sad. 7/10<br />8) Private Show - I like this song. It is more of a traditional R&amp;B jam, like Whitney or Faith Evans, than the hip-hop feel that dominates most of this CD. Pink's voice is particularly deep and soulful here. 8/10<br />9) Can't Take Me Home - A fast dance song with a rap beat and R&amp;B vocals (a good mix of both). I love, love, love the raw lyrics and honest rage. Pink's most daring song. 9/10<br />10) Stop Falling - 10/10. I think that's all I can really say... beautiful, beautiful ballad.<br />11) Do What U Do - Pink places a song here that is really uplifting and rewarding to her many fans. It's a motivation song with a heavy R&amp;B feel and a nice chorus.<br />12) Hiccup - A very well-done R&amp;B song with a fast pace and a stuttering beat. Love the metaphores on here, such as &quot;You're like a cough on a rainy day, you know the kind that give you chest pains, yeah.&quot; 10/10<br />13) Is It Love - My least favorite Pink song. But she's so talented and amazing that even my least favorite is still awesome! 7/10
B00003CX8J|4.0|I borrowed this DVD from a friend of mine before Christmas. I put it on my wish list after I watched it! I'm really not into action movies, but solid preformances by everyone in this ensemble sucked me into this movie immediatly. The extras on the disc, including a feature that lets you watch the deleted scenes INSIDE THE MOVIE, are excellent. Only one bad thing...I think it could have used a few more action scenes for the mutants to show off their powers. However, this movie rocks and I will be first in line to see the sequel!!
B00000ING2|4.0|Showing Millionaire Tyrants The Universe Doesn't Revolve Around Them!<br />Money can't always buy happiness is the very true moral of this big budget Hollywood production. The storyline of the Hudsucker Proxy is built around highly successful CEO, Waring Hudsucker taking his own life even though his company, Hudsucker Industries is at its peak. This is where the carefully planed Coen brother plot kicks into full swing. In accordance with company policy the 65% of the company in which Hudsucker owned must be floated to the open market. The board of directors shudders at the very sound that more than half the company will be owned by any Tom, Dick or Harry anywhere in the world. At the current rate per stock, no member of the board can afford to purchase more than 1% of the company, so Sidney Mussenberger develops a devilishly clever scheme to create a panic sell off. Thus devaluing the stock to the price of an average bag of peanuts.   <br />Norville Barnes, played by Tim Robbins, is a slow-witted Muncie boy who soon finds himself in the midst of Sidney's plan. With no prior experience or any decent qualifications he lands in the mailroom where a complete mockery of bureaucy takes place. Tim Robbins maximises the character in his dynamic style to present us with a dim-witted, fast talking and good-natured character. There are lots of little twists and turns, which keep you coming back for more!<br />Being a Coen brother's production from scripting to production, you can expect the highest quality film production, not a paper-thin Hollywood potato. Many techniques have been used in this film that have never been seen in other film production which will make the technology acquired in this film the basis for other movies. As with many films of this sort, it's not the story that makes it a good film, its how the story is told. Backed by over 50years of Film experience from Warner Brother studios, I guarantee that you will be stunned by the sheer scale of the movie.<br />Hilarious parody of big business, this film is one for the whole family! <br />Written By Kelvin Liew 2001
B000056K04|4.0|Yes, it is not the typical DMB album, but it is still great. I see alot of fans putting this down, and am upset by that. I live here in Charlottesville, where the band is from, and from what I am hearing, there may not have been much more DMB if they did not make some changes. So, as this is not the old DMB with their 10 minutes jams, it is still them and still great. I am an old fan, and will stay with them through their transitions, which is what every true DMB fan should do!!
B000059R8Y|5.0|This is Eric Clapton.  Going back to basics at this time in his career is the best move he could have made.  I haven't heard Riding with the King yet, but after hearing this, I am convinced that it would be worth it.  When I put this in my cd player, I was blown away.  Clapton is by far the best guitarist I have heard.  I admit Stevie Ray Vaughn is second on my list and Stevie was totally awesome, Clapton just does it for me.  Clapton is my all time favorite and always will be. Highly recommended.
B00003CXFV|5.0|I THOUGHT THIS MOVIE WAS REALLY THE BEST MOVIE OF THE YEAR. JULIA GAVE HER BEST DRAMATIC PREFORMENCE SINCE STEEL MAGNOLIAS , AND ALBERT FINNEY WAS SOOO GREAT AND HE WAS REALL FUNNY TOOO. AAARON ECKHART IS SOOOOOOOO SOOOOOOO CUTE . I ALSO THOUHGT THIS MOVIE TOLD THE REAL SIDE OF ERIN.ERIN IS REALLY PRETTY WOMAN.AND THE WINNER FOR FAV. ACTRESS IS JULIA ROBERTS .............AND THE BEST DIRECTOR IS STEVEN SODERBERGH FOR...................... ERIN BROCKOVICH.
B0000507R2|4.0|I didn't know that in order to get the most out of this audio DVD you have to have a special DVD player.  I don't so I cannot get the most out of the sound on this DVD, but even with a standard player it sounds great.  I think the best song on here (in terms of sound) is Seven Years.  Even if you don't have a DVD player, buy Natalie's Tigerlily or Ophelia, which is even better.
B00003CXSO|5.0|I loved this movie  Julianne Moore is my favorate actress.Anthony Hopkins was better than ever.This movie was 10 times better than Silence of the lambs.This was much gorier than it's procedor I have saw this six times and it's just getting better and better.I recomend everyone sees this soon.
B000000WF0|5.0|Urban Hymns has to be one of the best albums of the 1990's.  Passionate vocals and songwriting make this disc a pleasure to listen to.  My personal favorites are Bittersweet Symphony, The Rolling People, Lucky Man and Come On.
B000000H5K|4.0|I got this after hearing about Max's former band. So i bought this. This was a pretty good CD, and it reminded me of Soulfly with the Crushing distorted guitar and Tribal type drums. If you like Soulfly or SlipKnot get this. My fav. track is Dusted.
B0000542DJ|5.0|This movie is one of the most gripping and riveting movies I have ever seen. I know some people say it is hogwash  due to the military coverup aspect. However, to think Oswald was the lone gunman in the Kennedy assassination is being very nave. Not even the best marksman with far superior weapons could get off the number of shots Oswald supposedly did in that amount of time using a bolt action rifle, let alone score two head shots ( one in the throat and the other in the head). But I do not want to concentrate on that point but the movie. The acting was superb from all the actors which included: John Candy, Tommy Lee Jones, Joe Pesci, Kevin Bacon, and of  course Kevin Costner. This is a must see movie that will appeal to a broad audience. Even though it runs for approximately 3   hours it keeps you fixated to the screen. The video transfer to DVD was superb and the 5.1 Dolby was quite good., I would have liked to see the rear channels utilized a bit more but the subwoofer, main speakers, and center channel were will utilized. Dialog is focused on the center channel and is easy to hear even at low volume settings. The supplementary DVD is excellent as well and contains deleted scenes as well as some very insightful documentaries. This DVD is worth ever penny!
B00001NFCY|5.0|I am sick of all the negative reviews on this site about Creed! I am sick of it all. Face it people, Creed is the biggest band on the planet. Even bigger than Metallica at the moment. They have sold around 16,000,000 albums in a little over 3 years. Very few bands can ever say that.<br />Creed are musicians. Creed is sooooo talented as a band. Mark Tremonti is an excellent guitar player (guitar player of the year in every magazine)who mixes complex riffs with catchy melodies. Scott Stapp may sound a little like Eddie Vedar but that is his voice! You cannot change your voice! There are hundreds of singers who sound like James Hetfield so go pick on them!<br />Also, Creed has not followed a &quot;formula&quot; for success. They went against the grain of popular music at the time. They had an 80's flair to them....which was NOT COOL in the mid-90's. What made them were good songs with meaningful lyrics. I cannot stress the talent enough. See them live and believe the hype.<br />Creed is positive, they do not swear, they do not use drugs, they treat their fans with respect and they play like no other band. They have a Christian feel without being a Christian band. The reason you sell 16,000,000 records is because you are good. Talent crosses every bridge. These guys are the best band in the world right now.<br />Human Clay is great. I like My Own Prison A LITTLE bit better but HC is a 5 star record.
B00001NFCY|1.0|dont immediately dismiss country music. johnny cash provides intense and emotional songs that are timeless.
B000031WD9|5.0|There is a trend in Hollywood for creating teen oriented films that are ridiculous and catered to the teenagers 5 second attention span. Every now and then, one of these movies is worth watch... this is one of them.<br />No, there are not a lot of original jokes or themes in the film, the comedic acting isn't anything new or fresh and the who get laid at prom line of thought has been done many times over... that said, this is a great laugh, again and again.<br />The acting is sufficient to carry of the interaction between the characters, the jokes and physical comedy is original enougg in its execution to provide a good laugh, and everything seems to fall in together... you find yourself laughing at &quot;One time at Band Camp&quot; every time. Many laughs involved in a film that takes formulaic teenaged humor and does a good job of presenting it.
B000002U9W|5.0|If you are a pink floyd fan, if you have open mind, if you truly appreciate musical mastery, then you will absolutely adore this disc as much as i do. If you're looking for some more great floyd music after hearing wish you were here or division bell (my personal favorites, along with final cut), then this is the perfect album for you. I'm tired of seeing this one wallow in the low reaches of people's lists. DO NOT HESITATE TO PURCHASE THIS RIGHT AWAY! Here are the reasons why:<br />ALAN&quot;S PSYCHEDELIC BREAKFAST is quite possibly the funniest song i've ever heard! only if you like dry british humor, but aside from the background noises of a man mumbling about his breakfast, there are three very important songs here.   Rise and Shine is a song that i regularly wake up to. Strangely, it is also perfect to fall asleep to....  when i hear Sunny Side Up i always go to the kitchen and make breakfast along with alan. It's a really fun song to eat to (leave it to pink floyd). However, while these are merely filler songs, Morning Glory seriously deserves to be listened to carefully. It is one of the best floyd instrumentals ever, and it always leaves me feeling excellent. <br />IF is a very beautiful calm song that many people take for granted, including myself when i first heard it. You have to listen to it on surround sound to get the idea.<br />SUMMER'68 is one of those songs that you can't control your urge to dance to. The lyrics suggest a one-night stand, but the music represents to me a lifetime of regret. A hint of sarcasm mocks the singer, but the actual melody is one of the most inventive i've ever heard. True emotion was put into this song, and it would be the best of this album if it weren't for the rest of the cd.<br />FAT OLD SUN is so great, i couldn't beleive my ears. When music is this good, i'm just plain amazed! Absolutely blown away! David Gilmour's guitar playing is inspirational, but i will admit the sond mixing could've been better, which is the only reason i put Summer'68 above it.<br />ATOM HEART MOTHER is and always will be the best piece of music EVER!!! I can't say enough good things about this song. Every time i hear it i wonder how anything could be so great!<br />I wish i could've said more about AMH, but what can you say about something that says it all, all by itself? Buy this album. It changed my life.
B00004T37H|5.0|I am Japanese. So I don't know American version. I think Japanese does't translate into English correctly. If you want to understand this film fully, you should watch Japanese version. But you wil be touched anyway. I would recommend this to all.
079284632X|2.0|This is one of the most amazing movies I've ever seen, from the most academic possible standpoint. The very bottom line is that it is simply AWFUL - to the point where it becomes not only comical, but a study in the art of what NOT to do when making a movie.<br />If I were reviewing this from the point of view of a simple horror movie patron, it would receive one star at best. The acting is bad at best, downright miserable verging on parodic at worst; the editing is terrible; the plot and action are all but indistiguishable; the camerawork was clearly inspirational to the makers of The Blair Witch Project, and will have you reaching for the dramamine.<br />The music alone is so poorly chosen and executed as to make this into an entirely different film than what I imagine Wes Craven expected. In fact, I might go so far as to say that, were the music entirely different and more appropriate, the film MIGHT (and this is a big stretch) approach the level of watchable as something beyond an objective critical venture.<br />I would say that this film fails on just about every level, except for one: given the incredibly farcical nature of the whole production, when it finally DOES present a disturbing moment in the woods, it becomes downright creepy, so out of context from the farce we've witnessed to that point. However, that lasts for about a minute and a half, and then come the chainsaw-wielding parents on a rampage, and it's back to parody all over again.<br />If you are a student of the fine art of film, you may want to see this as a reminder that, no matter how bad your first film might be, it CAN'T be this bad - and for that reason alone, it gets an extra star. I rate this up there with Plan Nine From Outer Space as one of the worst of all time. Enjoy!
B00000IAU3|5.0|The first time I heard &quot;Here With Me&quot; on Totally Hits 3, I knew I had to have Dido No Angel. I usually buy a CD hoping I'll like at least 4 songs....I liked ALL the tracks on this CD! Even the songs that didn't &quot;jump out and grab me&quot; the first time I heard them &quot;grow&quot; on me with each play and the CD gets better and I enjoy it even more and hear nuances in the music and lyrics,especially with headphones, that make it fresh every time I listen. From the bouncy, uplifting &quot;Take My Hand&quot; bonus track to the gently derisive &quot;Don't Think Of Me&quot; to the hauntingly mournful &quot;My Lover's Gone&quot; Dido takes our hands and takes us on a new journey through relationship/life songs. The inflections in her voice change with each song and makes listening a learning experience...how many CD's do YOU own that can do THAT? Buy this one. It's money you won't regret spending, because you just can't stop wanting to listen to it.
B000002J20|5.0|I can imagine the time when this album first came out. Yes fans must have praised the album for its daring, its ingenuity, its LENGTH. Now I can imagine things ten years later, with rock critics ridiculing the album for everything from its mystic lyrics, pompous songwriting, indulgent musicianship... everything for which progressive rock has been derided. Even Yes' diehard fans have decidedly mixed feelings regarding this epic work. To them, it could be the pinnacle achievement of Yes' estimable career, or it could the be the most grandiloquent album EVER.<br />Time and time again I've tried to empathize with those who dislike this album, thinking that perhaps their criticisms have some merit. Still, I can't get over the fact that this is truly excellent work. I think the music is simply sublime, many of the most wonderful passages that Yes ever recorded. Not as cohesive as the epics on &quot;Close to the Edge&quot; (still my favorite Yes album), but certainly more dynamic, it takes countless listens to fully appreciate. Even 25 years after its release, I'm still finding new elements to this richly absorbing work.<br />It's all anchored by that awesome rhythm section of Alan White's drums and Chris Squire's mammoth bass guitar, while Wakeman's lush synthesizers add ambiance and depth, and Steve Howe's guitar artistry is sophisticated and engaging. Jon Anderson's trippy lyrics and soulful, radiant singing are topnotch. Although the lyrics are mostly confusing, I believe their meanings are meant to be vague. They rely on surreal and romantic imagery to generate feeling in the listener in musical context. It doesn't really matter because the lyrics attain an emotional connection regardless of what they are actually about. I've always believed that Yes' individual elements are impressive, but less important than the unified result of their efforts.<br />The songs could enjoin a complete review for each one, as each song is brimming with depth and complexity. &quot;The Revealing Science of God&quot; is absolutely spellbinding. From the moment you hear the unmistakable thematic development in the vocal section at the beginning, you know it's going to be something great. A mostly placid epic that occasionally drives into fast-paced energy. Approaching the song's finale, this one climaxes with a mind-bending solo from Wakeman. Cryptic lyrics focused on metaphysical objective values (I think; who really knows?) are tied some of the group's best arrangements.<br />&quot;The Remembering&quot; is a standout for Rick Wakeman. There's moments of fierce swirling synths and mellotrons, and him and Howe alternately repeat the song's main theme on different instruments. Lots of memorable melodies here, and the song gets pretty intense at times (like the &quot;Relayer&quot; passages).<br />&quot;The Ancient&quot; is the most difficult song to appreciate. Because most of the vocals are relegated to the ending of this 18-minute beast, its heavy focus on abstruse instrumentation bores many people. I can't help but be captivated, however. I'm a huge fan of music that implements Eastern influences, and this track is filled with them. Dominantly Middle Eastern, the band shows incredible versatility in their endeavor to underscore the idiosyncratic beauties of these cultures. Towards the end of the song, Howe's acoustic wizardry is displayed. Awesome!<br />&quot;Ritual&quot; is a sprawling piece that is very symphonic at times. A lengthy instrumental passage opens this one, and just when you think the track is starting to meander, it gets back on track. This one never gets too pretentious, and it's beautifully melodic and excitingly played and arranged. At the 15-minute mark, there's this unforgettable orchestral interlude with devastating percussion and harrowing strings (synthed, of course). The ending is gorgeous, with clean electric guitar/piano interplay and Anderson's delicate vocals.<br />Like complex jazz, some of Yes' music is far too esotericto be appreciated by everyone. That's perfectly fine. I don't consider myself intellectually superior to the many who have no taste for this admittedly convoluted work of music. Still, it moves me, it engrosses me, and it never bores me. It may not tap the conventional spirit of music, but to me, that's part of what makes it special. I wouldn't want it any other way.<br />(If I've bored you, blame no one but yourself. You read the whole review, so it's your own damn fault! ;-)ric to be appreciated by everyone. That's perfectly fine. I don't consider myself intellectually superior to the many who have no taste for this admittedly convoluted work of music. Still, it moves me, it engrosses me, and it never bores me. It may not tap the conventional spirit of music, but to me, that's part of what makes it special. I wouldn't want it any other way.<br />(If I've bored you, blame no one but yourself. You read the whole review, so it's your own damn fault! ;-)
B00000IFWE|5.0|Once again, as he did on the &quot;She's the One&quot; soundtrack, Petty proves he is currently one of the master songwriters in popular music. There is a pain, a yearning, a deep-down feeling in these words that take your breath away. Around the time this album came out Petty was getting divorced and you can hear the emotion in these tunes. The musicianship speaks for itself.&quot; Echo&quot; is a rewarding listening experience, and is one of those albums that you grabs you and never lets go.  One of the best rock albums in to come a long time...
B000059T1V|4.0|Recorded at the 1960 Newport jazz festival, this album is a superior set of live blues. Muddy is backed for the set by James Cotton on harmonica, the great Otis Spann on piano, Pat Hare on rhythm guitar, bassist Andrew Stevenson, and drummer Francis Clay. The performances are straightahead Delta favored Chicago blues highlighted by an explosive take and reprise of Muddy's set closer &quot;I've Got My Mojo Working&quot;. From the sounds of the crowd Muddy nearly brought the house down before he wrapped up his set. This is a good live disc of exciting high energy blues by one of the music's masters, recommended.
B000002A3T|5.0|Most people fall in the trap of comparing this disc with previous Pink Floyd discs and I think as a piece of recording done independent of Roger Waters, this is quite a good one.<br />Do people expect groups to crank out the same material over and over? <br />This might not be &quot;The Wall&quot; or &quot;Dark side of the moon&quot; but then its not supposed to be that either. I find this a very mellow disc and it should  not be compared to pink floyd's other recordings as that is quite unfair. Because this is  not the Pink floyd that most people are used to hearing. The group has grown musically, a bit different from what Floyd fans would expect them to grow in to, but they are good nevertheless.<br />It takes at least two to three tracks for the cd to find its groove and then dwell on that a while.  The same thing with David Gilmour's vocals. they have an unrestrained quality to them early  but a few tracks into the recording,it gets so much better. for me this ranks pretty high up there.  Sonic experimentations by the band and the subtle orchasteral techniques by Micheal Kamen are quite a thrill intricately woven with Gilmour's guitar and Wright's keyboard. I find this one of the best mellow rock cd's to come out in quite a while and I view it  independently from the pink floyd of Roger Waters era. If your willing to take away your expectations of the Pink Floyd of the past and listen to something new yet familiar, this  disc is for you. if you keep thinking of floydian sounds of the past, its going to be a let down i state that very clearly. but if you go the other way, you might find yourself rewarded. dont get me wrong here, Previous albums by this group are more then well worth a mention but this is an independent review of THIS album ,because that is what it should be. like any other albums, this is more of a moody piece and broods with some sort of enchantment.<br />Many people fail to see Gilmour's genius and focus on Waters and what could have been had he stayed<br />another thing is some of the photography in the cd booklet which I find absolutely beautiful. I hope this one gives you as much listening pleasure as its given me.
B000008COG|4.0|This seems to be one of those AC/DC albums from the 1980's that got lost in the shuffle. I think it's better than &quot;For those about to rock...&quot;, &quot;Fly on the wall&quot;, &quot;Flick of the switch&quot;, etc. Those were good, but this has some songs that are more memorable. &quot;Heatseeker&quot;, &quot;Ruff Stuff&quot;, &quot;Go Zone&quot; and others combine to provide a fine album from the Monsters of Rock. It's right on that second tier of AC/DC albums below Live Wire, Highway to Hell, and Back in Black. Actually, I like it more than Highway to Hell. I'm sure you'll like it, too.
B00004Y62T|4.0|Well-done thriller which kept my attention. Tom Ripley seems naive and malleable but is actually amoral and &quot;annoying&quot;, as Dickie Greenleaf observes before getting whacked with an oar. The theme of bored rich people and the casual way in which they indulge themselves with shopping, food, travel, and sex is given new life in this movie. I am perplexed, though, by Jude Law's Best Supporting Actor nomination for his portrayal of Dickie. Certainly he did a solid job with a fab American accent and smooth blonde good looks, but if anyone gave an Oscar-worthy performance in this film, it's Matt Damon. Is Tom gay and in love with Dickie? Is he on his way to a breakdown? Does he kill to keep his secrets from leaking out or does he enjoy it? Chameleon Damon (an actor I don't particularly like, even) keeps you guessing.<br />The ending was far from what another reviewer described as \\"predictable.\\" I do agree that it could have been cut 30 minutes or so without losing punch.<br />Cate Blanchett was terrific as annoying, clueless, and ditsy Meredith. Gwyneth Paltrow (another performer of whom I am not a fan) does a credible job of portraying Marge, a carefree young woman at the beginning and an older and wiser one at the end. It seems to me that Meredith should have had some clue as to Ripley's true identity, and Marge not so gullible as to believe Dickie would break up with her long-distance and never talk to her again, when clearly they were about to get married. Though she sees through Ripley at the end, it's too late and for some reason, both Dickie's father and the hired private eye believe Ripley's incredible story.<br />I'm ranking it only four stars for the annoying women. Still though, beautiful scenes of Italy and genuine atmosphere; well-worth seeing!
B00000IQBM|5.0|JACK TORRANCE, PROSPECTIVE WRITER, ASSUMES A LONG TERM JOB AS A  CARETAKER AT A SECLUDED HOTEL. ALONG FOR THE RIDE, HE TAKES HIS WIFE AND LITTLE BOY. AT FIRST THE HOTEL SEEMS LIKE THE IDEAL PLACE TO LIVE FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY, BUT AFTER ABOUT A MONTH LIVING THERE, AND THE FIRST DROP OF SNOW, THE SENSE ISOLATION AND FAMILY TROUBLES ARE TOO MUCH FOR JACK TO COPE WITH. BETWEEN THE SUPERNATURAL ENTITIES THAT SUPPOSEDLY INHABIT THE HOTEL, JACK'S BAD TEMPER, AND JACK'S WIFE'S PASSIVE ABUSIVENESS. THE OUTCOME IS HORRENDOUS.
B000053V7O|5.0|I am hypnotized by this movie, its characters and its story.  It felt so real to me, it was like I was there with them.  The sound track is powerful, beautiful and is an integral part of the movie itself.  The story is told as much through the music as the dialog.  Dexter Gordon was tremendous.  I truly &quot;felt his pain&quot;.  I watch it over and over....
0783228317|2.0|...for the first half-hour.  After that, everything that Depp and Del Toro do is just dumb.  You want the movie to go in some direction but it doesn't.  Instead you are forced to watch Depp fall down, again, and again, and again.  The short movie seems like hours, mostly because it takes the two so long to accomplish simple tasks.  If you still really want to see Fear and Loathing In Las Vegas, then at least use it in small doses.
0380002930|5.0|I first read this book in a high school literature class many years ago. I really enjoyed it back then but didn't completely understand what it was about. I just liked the idea of rabbits going on an adventure. Now that I'm a little older and wiser, I read it again and discovered it's much more than that. Although the main characters were rabbits, I found myself forgetting that and thinking of them as human. This is a story about some of the darker sides of human behavior dressed in a bunny costume. Sometimes it's easier to examine human behavior if you abstract it using non-human characters.<br />It seems to me that the underlying theme of this book is about Totalitarianism vs. Democracy. There is a militaristic warren that controls every aspect of its rabbits' lives and is ruled by a strong, hard-nosed leader who rules by fear. Then there is the other warren where the rabbits are free to do as they wish and are led by a smart, compassionate rabbit that is not the strongest but uses brains to rule. The conflict arises when the &quot;good&quot; warren asks the overcrowded &quot;bad&quot; warren if they will let some females leave. When they refuse the good warren tries help some females escape.<br />The analysis aside, this book is also entertaining no matter what age may be reading it. The book is interspersed with rabbit mythology which the author did a great job creating. The rabbit language scattered throughout the book can be a bit confusing at times, but most people will pick it up pretty quickly.
B00003CWTI|5.0|For a long time, I had lost all faith in movie-makers. Movies lacked originality, message, and art. <br />Magnolia is one of the new breed of movies that tells a story with thought, grace, beauty, and sincerity. Along with Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon and Traffic, I am proud to be a movie-goer again.<br />Rent this, buy it, give it as a gift - tell the movie industry that the public will reward them for a brilliant, creative product.
B0000508U6|5.0|Coldplay - a very striking name for a band. My first impression towards the music being played by a  band with such a  name was lifeless music , something ordinary , just as another fish in the sea. <br />But i have to admit , they've proved me wrong. Coldplay stand out as an outstanding band giving us something really good to listen to. The music they play is so different , songs they sing are so real. They are full of life and only life. Which is what makes their music a refreshing change in the music industry.<br />With already 4 chart topping singles , and a brilliant debut album. Coldplay have accomplished such a massive appreciation , not every band is fortunate enough to receive that.<br />&quot;yellow &quot; , &quot; trouble &quot; , being my favorites in the album , are in my opinion true masterpieces of their first work. However , i will not discet the rest of the songs in the album. They are all bunch of good songs. Although , the sense of appreciation for each of them will vary from one listner to another.<br />Parachutes. A Must have for every music fan. It's powerful vocal delivery , raw music , sultry lyrics on life will definetly grab your attention. This band sure deserves it.<br />Colplay - Parachutes. - Go Get it.
B000002IOJ|5.0|Thats the truth. from track 1 to track 10 the cd rocks all the way through. But the songs dont sound the same though. Practice what you preach is one album any metalhead should have. The first song which is the title song is probably the best on the cd. Envy Life and Time is Coming are good too. In fact evey song on the cd is good. Confusion Fusion, the last track, is an instrumental song which kinda has a freaky waltz sound to it in some parts. Even if you think the album is just &quot;ok&quot; when you first get it, keep it. It grows on ya!
B000002KD5|5.0|This is an amazing album. The first album that Fleetwood Mac made with their &quot;Rumours&quot; incarnation (Christine and John McVie, Mick Fleetwood, Lindsey Buckingham and Stevie Nicks), was, according to their own words, made quickly, because of their enthusiasm at the time. Stevie and Lindsey came in to replace guitarist Bob Welch, and it seemed like everything clicked. In this album, which has a delicated variety, always inside the fields of pop of pure taste (brought by Lindsey Buckingham's incredible taste in pop music), you can appreciate how the three main composers and singers are constantly counterparting and changing styles, giving the audience a great look at the variety of sounds they could reach as a working band.<br />This variety was supported in an unvariable basis of well-made pop. From this point on, you can hear Lindsey Buckingham's &quot;Monday Morning&quot;, which is a great, up-lifting opening with happy rock'n'roll sounds and a great electric/acoustic guitar work that hides somehow sad and frustrating lyrics (&quot;got to get some peace in my mind&quot;), seeing the break-up with Stevie Nicks coming. His rendition of &quot;Blue Letter&quot; is another sampler of the straight soft pop that he and Stevie were doing before joining the band, and the two songs are separated by &quot;Warm Ways&quot;, a sweet and delightful anthem by Christine McVie, with some tastes of bluesy pop. Her lyrics, always simple but lovely, are shown here in short but meaningful phrases like &quot;forever, forever love&quot;... Haunting. Chris is the main composer and singer in the album. She writes the big hit &quot;Say You Love Me&quot; (playing an amazing keyboard riff and writing the most catchy tune in the whole CD), &quot;Over My Head&quot;, (a soft ballad which was also a big chart hit) and &quot;Sugar Daddy&quot; (a somehow funny story about the love she would like to have). Apart from that, she shares the composer credits and the lead vocals with Lindsey on &quot;World Turning&quot;, a great approach to country roads music with Mick Fleetwood drumming at his best. Buckingham closes the album with his terrifying but soft screams hidden in &quot;I'm So Afraid&quot;, which sounds much stronger, though,  on its &quot;The Dance&quot; 1997 version...<br />I have left apart Stevie Nicks because I think her songs are the best on the album. Everybody knows &quot;Rhiannon&quot; and the impact it had over the band (being their first big chart hit in America) and over lots of young ladies who wanted to look like this legendary welsh witch. But &quot;Crystal&quot; and &quot;Landslide&quot; are two chapters apart. The first one is so sweet and emotional, with such delicated and poetic lyrics, great soft arrangements in acoustic guitar and electric organ, and is almost an anthem that say to the loved person 'thank you for being here'. &quot;Landslide&quot;, in its own way, talks about maturity and growing finding yourself with nature, accompained by a simple but haunting acoustic guitars estructure and a heart-breaking electric solo. Those two tunes are the best in the album.<br />The main structure was thought so that you could appreciate this LP as a &quot;band&quot; album, that way it feels cohesive. That's why Lindsey's vocals are very prominent, and Stevie does backing vocals in all the tracks (except &quot;Over My Head&quot;), and that's why there are also songs that are &quot;joined&quot; together with no particular separation: &quot;Rhiannon&quot; with &quot;Over My Head&quot; and &quot;Say You Love Me&quot; with &quot;Landslide&quot;.<br />This album was made quickly, but everything was carefully thought. You could hardly find a CD with such delicacy at the recording and preparing. And the songs indeed &quot;remain ageless&quot;, because of their deep and sincere content, a trademark of this Fleetwood Mac &quot;Rumours&quot; incarnation. Relax and enjoy.
B000002UAU|5.0|I tell you what,I used to think Pet Sounds was the best,and used to think to myself,'what's this sgt pepper nonsense'!?!.Now I know!! This thing is brilliant! I still love Pet Sounds,but pepper is way out of it's league,and I now fully comprehend why Brian Wilson went bonkos,how could anyone top this? Musically diverse from the quirky 'when Im 64' to the psychadelic beauty of 'lucy'to the ultimate pop masterpiece of 'day in the life'.As a new fan,Im yet to fully see the charms of 'within you without you',but Im hoping it'll grow on me!Absolutely charming trip into fantasy beatles pepperland,and their best album Ive heard so far. 100STARS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B000059MEK|4.0|OK, so I admit, it isn't exactly another &quot;Homework&quot;, but I didn't exactly purchase this CD to get more of the same anyway.  Instead, Discovery delivers with something that is fresh and really fun to listen to...not to say that Homework wasn't fun, it had it's moments.  To cut straight to the skinny, this is a great CD to purchase if you like Daft Punk, and you know what they are all about, but if your expecting a vast improvement over their later &quot;musique&quot;, then you might possibly be let down.  It all depends on what you get out of their &quot;musique&quot;.  I myself am satisfied with the purchase I made and would listen to this CD simply for &quot;One more time&quot; alone, but the other tracks do not go unrecognized in my CD players, for they all have that Daft style that I have grown akin to know and love.  Put simply, if you are looking for some FUN music with funky beats, your in the right direction, because after two years of waiting, Daft Punk once again delivers with more hits to keep your feet moving and your heart pumping!  Also, try to catch the video of &quot;One More Time&quot; if you can, it has an interesting twist in contrast to the lyrics of the song, and is truly amazing.  Keep on 'Rollin &amp; Scratchin' and 'burnin' Daft!!!
B00000FCBC|4.0|I am about the biggest Metallica fan there is. And basically, I have liked every album that those fellers have ever released, this one included. Most of the songs on the 1st CD are just amazing, the way they interpret the original music and get their interpretations into a form that we all have a chance to enjoy. I would like to see some other band try it! The 2nd CD is stuff that is almost essential listening for all the die hard metalli- freaks like myself. Besides, haven't we all worn out our copies of the &quot;5.98 EP&quot;? That's what CD #2 is, except with about 3 times the material! And to all of you guys that have turned your backs, why don't you try eating the same exact food for several years. If you pick something good, you may be able to keep it up for awhile, but sooner or later, you just have to do something different. So get out of the 80's and try giving the new stuff a chance!And remember, &quot;TIME MARCHES ON!!!!&quot;
B000008H1R|5.0|Benefit,my real friend.This beatiful album always shares my feelings(cry or laugh).Now I`m 21 years old but I know,Benefit will walk beside me another 21 year and more.Every song has different memories for me because they are so beautiful.Please listen this album very carefully.Regards.  (Note:I`m sorry about my English.)
B000003BEM|5.0|10. Sympathy for the Devil. 9.  You learn that thrash was invented decades before Nirvana. 8.  The insanely fun track, &quot;Dear Doctor.&quot; 7.  Original studio cuts of songs that became concert staples. 6.  Awesome cover art. 5.  Mick experiments with oddly compelling falsetto voice. 4.  Classic drum work on forgotten studio cut of &quot;Steet Fighting Man&quot; 3.  It's a Stones &quot;must own.&quot; 2.  It's fun to try and decipher the words to &quot;Parachute Woman.&quot; 1. Sympathy for the Devil.
B00000IPAX|3.0|I never really have *loved* this album. It got real old real fast. I didn't want it to. And most of the time the songs tend to sound the same.<br />Probably the best song on this is &quot;Anthem&quot;. It's cool, even though whiny lyrics. <br />It starts out with &quot;Dumpweed&quot;, a lack of originality and sounds like most of the tracks. I like &quot;Don't Leave Me&quot; more. It's mainly the vocals and guitars, nothing else. And of their singles, What's My Age Again, a song not to be taken seriously for its immaturity, is the only one that hasn't gotten too old at any point. Adam's Song is okay now, but was very good at first. The only song from them I can particularly say sounds like Green Day. The Party Song also can get annoying at some points. <br />If you're a teen who wants TRL-like music, buy this. If not, don't buy this. If you're not a punk music collector, also do not. LiT sound nothing like these guys, I mean NOTHING. So I know people are just *categorizing* other artists from their work. I wish it could end and there not be so many complaints.
B00000DCHE|5.0|10. It jams. 9.  You can almost smell the beer on Billy Joel's breath. 8.  This is a benchmark for what live music should sound like. 7.  Billy Joel was a no-one when this was recorded. 6.  Every song is piano driven. 5.  You hear songs that have largely been forgotten. 4.  It's raw, honest and loud. 3.  The liner notes-pics of BJ as a kid are a scream. 2.  It will make piano your favorite instrument. 1.  It jams.
0684853523|5.0|If you read a lot, or if you write a lot, or if you wish you did more of either, buy this book.  It's an inspiration.
B000000OSE|5.0|This album hits hard and doesn't let up until the very last sound of drums, closing the song &quot;Coma&quot;.  No other band that I know of can write a song over ten minutes long and keep interest as well as GnR can.  In my opinion, Coma is the best song GnR have ever written.  It is one of the most thought provoking, lyrically challenging, melodic masterpieces this world has ever seen.  This album doesn't just talk about suicide, though.  It goes into standing up for what you believe in (don't damn me), love ballads (don't cry), and irony (dead horse).  Dead Horse always puts me in a better mood after listening to it.  &quot;I'd like to think that our love's worth a tad more, It may sound funny but you think by now I'd be smiling&quot;.   This album does not include much of the &quot;dueling guitars&quot; as did the appetite ablum, but musically, it is obvious they put more time into it.  Lastly, I believe this to be their second best album...second to the appetite album.  Hey, I'm 19...I'm not too conserned with how it sounds...I like the ideas of the appetite album better.  It had more &quot;balls&quot; behind the lyrics, although the lyrics to the UYI albums are more meaningful.
B000056K04|3.0|Yeah, I'm a BIG DMB fan, and I think that the CD is very good.  So why 3 stars?  'Cuz they're not as good as they could be (IMHO).  Spending time with Santana rubbed off on Dave as he plays with the electric guitar and some very Santana-esque riffs.  The band is trying a new direction and it works, just not as well as their old stuff.  Dave's lyrics are not quite as mood stirring as usual either.  Basically, this is much more of a studio and mass audience album than previous ones.  So while I think that the album is great on its own and will grow on you, be prepared for a sonic departure from what has made the DMB so popular.
B000002MH5|5.0|Thats a good question.  Where has the music been?  This album is incredible.  I have bought it twice.  Once when I was a kid, and the second time when somebody stole it from my collection.  What can I say about this album but incredible.  It's the perfect blend of modern folk, modern angst, and modern guitar.
0553579908|5.0|Martin is a refreshing change from the rote boredom that has become much of fantasy writing in the last ten years.<br />The Song of Ice and Fire series is the first adult fantasy I have seen since Stephen Donaldson. To say this series is as good as Jordans, Goodkinds, or Eddings does not begin to do it justice. The reality is that Jordan and Goodkind are pulp fiction written for the masses who want their stories simple, their heroes heroic, and the bad guys deplorable. The concept of depth of character and moral ambiguity is lost on them.<br />Martin has given us fantasy that eclipses all of this. His characters are real; with real concerns, real motivations, real biases, and very real mistakes. Martin is writing outstanding fiction that happens to be set in a fantasy world. Too many authors forget that the story drives the novel, not the setting.
B00003CXMG|5.0|It looks and sounds great, absolutely. But the DVD of Cameron Crowe's masterpiece is NOT a &quot;director's cut&quot; as advertised. It's the same movie that showcases Kate Hudson's Oscar-nominated breakthrough as groupie Penny Lane, and it's the same movie that got jobbed as a Best Picture nominee (Chocolat? Please.), but it's not a director's cut! So maybe you should wait. Just one year. Until Crowe finishes Vanilla Sky with Tom Cruise and Penelope Cruz. Then he'll have time to give this the lush &quot;deluxe edition&quot; treatment. Dreamworks made them cut this movie viciously, and that probably cost it the recognition it deserved. But it's still a great movie. It showcases rock and roll from a fan's perspective -- rock and roll is at its most magical from the eyes of a 16 year-old. So, buy it (I did) if you're addicted, but if you're in a real bad way about this movie (I am) you'll have to wait a year for the good stuff.
B00003CXLG|1.0|Luckily I saw this in a dollar theatre.  I was so excited that this was coming out and of all people Jim Carrey how could the movie be bad.  Well the sad part is it is.  It is not funny, boring and I fell asleep
B00000BKDV|5.0|In a collection of over one thousand CDs, cassettes, and records spanning just about every genre of music, this is the one I will forever call my &quot;Favorite Album Of All-Time&quot;. This album bursts with themes and technique most other bands just can't grasp the way Iron Maiden has throughout their entire existence. Running through the album, topics include: mythology (&quot;Flight of Icarus&quot;), prehistoric history (&quot;Quest For Fire&quot;), dual-sword wielding sumarai Musashi (&quot;Sunlight And Steel&quot;), fantasy/horror (&quot;Still Life&quot;), military history (&quot;The Trooper&quot;), a Clint Eastwood WWII film (&quot;Where Eagles Dare&quot;), the Holy Bible (&quot;Revelations&quot;), prophecy (&quot;Die With Your Boots On&quot;), and classic Frank Herbert science fiction (&quot;To Tame A Land&quot;).  It's a dark album yet it never sounds oppressive. Every song has the trademark dual harmony guitar solos of Murray &amp; Smith, superb bass playing from 'Arry, drumming perfection from Nicko, and the superior operatic/dramatic vocals of Bruce Dickinson - All cylinders firing and all at their creative peak. This is simply the best recorded example of what heavy metal should sound like.
B000024LML|5.0|This CD was the second ever to be released on Death Row Records following Dr. Dre's incredibly successful, The Chronic.  In this album, Dre defines the G-Funk style even more, creating a sequel to his original album with his protege Snoop Doggy Dogg.  This album has all the characteristics of classic G-Funk with the thick, deep, relaxed bass line, high-end keyboard riffs, Eddie Hazel-ish guitar riffs, background vocals, a horn section every couple of songs, interesting looping of instruments like flutes and some weird sound effects for background effects.  This style of music is a la George Clinton and Parliment-Funkadelic, Dre's idols during the 70s.  Besides the completely funked-out beats, the flow of Snoop is his best ever and is complemented by the guest artists.  This is the ultimate album where all songs are fresh and innovative and capture the ears.  The songs just make you want to cruise in your lowrider and pump this as loud as possible.<br />02- G Funk Intro- A great track featuring the Lady of Rage who drops a tight verse.  I swear there are George Clinton samples in this song but I can't be sure.  This song is a prequel to the greatness of the rest of the song.  It lives up to its name.<br />03- Gin &amp; Juice- Another great bassline with excellent lyrics by Snoop and a catchy chorus with Dat Nigga Daz.  One of the stand out tracks of the CD<br />05- Tha Shiznit- This song shows Snoop at his lyrical best with an interesting flute/recorder loop provided by Dre.<br />07- Lodi Dodi- A remake of Slick Rick's hip-hop classic feat. Nancy Fletcher carrying the background vocals.<br />08- Murder Was The Case- A song about a murder in the inner city where Snoop speaks his mind and concerns.  A ghetto anthem.<br />09- Serial Killa- An awesome song showing the talents of other rappers Kurupt &amp; Dat Nigga Daz (DPG), RBX and The D.O.C. some of the greatest lyrical talent is displayed on this track.  It is a shame that the D.O.C.'s vocal cords were smashed in a car crash cause he is an unbelievable lyricist, one of the greatest.  Pick up his album.<br />10- Who Am I?- The signature track of the album with Dre at the boards and Snoop rapping.  Excellent with an intoxicating beat that is classic &quot;funk&quot;.<br />11- For All My Niggaz And Bitches- This shows the potential that Death Row had in the early 90s.  The Lady of Rage and Tha Dogg Pound ripped this track up and porved themselves as real mcs.<br />12- Aint No Fun- Another great song on this excellent CD.  The chorus by Nate Dogg is awesome, backed by a true funk beat, sampled by many artists. Kurupt, Snoop and Warren G trade verses that are downright tight and sweet.  The 213 song feat. Kurupt and Dre at the boards is awesome.<br />13- Doggy Dogg World- This song is laid back and completely funked out with the background carried by the Dramatics, a soul group.  Snoop, Kurupt and Daz, the DPG, kill this track with lyrical assults that are downright crazy.  Winner of the Best Music Video in '93.<br />Un-named tracks- They are all great and show lyrical talent and production skills of Snoop and Dre.  Listen to this tracks and you might recognize some hooks and lyrics that newer artists are using ex: Eminem.<br />Unreleased tracks- There were two tracks that should have been part of this CD but were cut, The Next Episode (Original) feat. Dr. Dre on the mic along with Snoop to a completely dope beat.  Unfortuantely it never made the final cut.  The other song was called Doggystyle feat. the funk-master himself, George Clinton.  The beat is completely out-of-this-world with the classic thick bassline, a backup vocal group that sounds like the Brides of Funkenstein, distorted guitar, and a horn section.  Snoop is awesome on this track that is produced by Dr. Dre and Warren G.  Too bad it never made the final version.<br />In conclusion, this album is a classic and should be owned by everybody that enjoys west coast rap.  If one could get by the explicit lyrics about pimping, sex, guns and 187s, drugs specifically chronic weed and the cursing, one might be able to recognize the skills Dr. Dre has at the boards and Snoop's lyrical talent.  Buy it, an great CD 5/5.
B00000I0XW|5.0|This cd is truely the best. I have been a Sarah Brightman fan since the first time i heard her sing in Phantom.. I am a singer myself and she inspired me and has lived up to what i believe. This is my favorite cd because i love her and Llyod Webber. I truely recomend this to all her fans and anyone who is open to new music.
B00004XQ83|5.0|This soundtrack is a delight throughout.  From the angelic voice of Alison Krauss in &quot;Down to the River to Pray&quot; to the gritty, woeful cries of Ralph Stanley in &quot;O Death&quot;, each tune on the album resonates with deep emotion.  The album's success gives testament to a body of music that never quite went away and whose message still strikes a chord with the present day public.<br />Listeners who may want more after listening to this soundtrack should look at the album Roots by the band Blue Mountain, a roots-rock trio from Oxford, Mississippi.  This is a record devoted to traditional tunes, and it has the same warm and passionate sound that made the soundtrack such a joy to listen to.  Both this and the soundtrack are highly recommended.
0060290110|5.0|We've found Birmingham's illustrated, abridged version of this book to be a fantastic way to introduce young children to the world of Narnia.  The illustrations are all as good as the cover (look closely!), much more captivating than the Pauline Baynes' classic version.  Highly recommended from Narnia-loving parents.  If only Birmingham would tackle the rest of the series!
0440219078|4.0|I think the book The Giver by Lois Lowry was a great book to read! I think it was a great book because it kept me reading the book and wanting to know what else was going to happen in the book next.  I would rate this book a four and a half star book.   If somone asked me if i would recomend this book to them i would because i think anyone would like this book if they are a good reader or if they arnt.  The book is about a young boy named Jonas that lives in a community protected by the rest of the world.  When Jonas turns 12 years old he is awarded the job of being that leader of the community.  His training of learning all of the information he needs to know is a painful experence for him but after it is all done he feels really good.  I dont want to say anything else and spoil the book for others that are going to read it.
B000056QCZ|5.0|Finally the closest reproduction of the original album that take us into the sonic mayhem/paradise of the Jimi Hendrix Experience thirty years ago! This deluxe mini-LP style album restored the original song order &amp; cover arts on this ground-breaking disk as it debuted in Europe on May 12, 1967!  The remastered sound on the disk reveals clearly the perfectly tight/raw musicial interaction in the group: the frantic furies of Mitch's chops, Noel's pumping basslines, and Jimi's intense guitar work.  This edition also faithfully reproduced the LP feel in the form of double-sided sleeves (great snap shots at Jimi, Noel, Mitch) &amp;&amp; protective plastic disk casing.  The $$ is worth it, friends..Indeed an excellent item for the collector and/or music lover!  <br />**Worthy to note for those who read Japanese, there is a handy information booklet that discusses this project and introduced each member of this exciting trio!<br />~~@@a funny little side-story of mine:  in my situation, my album was badly scratched and damaged (burnt?..j/k) during my many Experience jam sessions..boy, the music just makes the normal human go so crazy! ..glad i didn't have a guitar with me back then..heehee, therefore, I purchase this edition for replacement and definately this is the keeper, baby!  I never looked back since..=-)<br />You need to be Experienced, ~always~~
6304082428|5.0|I had read Pride and Predjudice twice in two weeks when I came upon this series at my public library. I was extremely pleased with the quality of the production, and I thought the dialog very faithful to the book. The main actors all interpreted their characters very well, in my opinion, and I had to stop the other BBC version I found (again, at my library) after five minutes because it was AWFUL in comparison.<br />It is long, but it does justice to the wonderful book, and it is as good as I could have hoped. (Of course, the book is still superior.)
0553573403|5.0|This book grabbed hold of me from the prologue. I first heard about this book and series on Amazon.com; it seemed  to be highly recommended by many members, so I checked them out.<br />I now own and have read the first three and eagerly await ADwD, to be released next Autumn.<br />And it all began with a Game of Thrones. Mr. Martin deftly creates a wonderful world with real people all of which are at risk of losing their lives at any moment. Magic seems to have disappeared for good and there are many contendors for the Iron Throne. Some of which are good, others bad. SOme of which will die, others will live.<br />Any way you look at this book it is certainly a masterpiece and an original addition to the fantasy genre. The multiple viewpoints are a wonderful touch.<br />A Game of Thrones is a powerful introduction to this compelling series. Unlike the actual Game of Thrones, where you win a chance to live and play some more, or lose and die, when reading the book you only win, and the reward isn't life, but a good reason for it.
0451450523|5.0|This book is fantastic, its great for any age, but I would say that it is geared more for girls, but not to much more. You won't be able to put it down, and I guaruntee you'll reread it over and over! Also, there is a not-so-well-known but simply beautiful cartoon movie of it, I don't kow why the new VHS cover looks so dumb, but its gorgeous, has nice music, and doesn't very to far from the book's plot.
630451087X|5.0|When Amazon begins to sell this on DVD, it will be a must buy. Until then, save your dollars and wait to see the movie the way David Lynch intended; in the highest quality video and sound. Hopefully the special features like the much needed directors commentary will be on the release, since this movie would be greatly enhanced by some explanation of the symbolism throughout.
B00004STPT|5.0|If you liked the movie, you will love the soundtrack.  This soundtrack is simply one of the best soundtrack's i have ever own.  The movie and the soundtrack should be together.  Can't just live with one.
630451087X|5.0|When Amazon begins to sell this on DVD, it will be a must buy. Until then, save your dollars and wait to see the movie the way David Lynch intended; in the highest quality video and sound. Hopefully the special features like the much needed directors commentary will be on the release, since this movie would be greatly enhanced by some explanation of the symbolism throughout.
B0000062IR|5.0|It is obvious that Stabbing Westward's music has greatly grown and matured ever since their original CD; &quot;Ungod&quot;. &quot;Wither Blister Burn &amp; Peel&quot; was a great follow-up, but this album is the band's best work. I was actually very surprised to read many fan's reviews, saying that this album wasn't as carefully put together and didn't have the same energy or power behind it.<br />If you listen closely to the lyric's of the songs, the general flow of the music, and the way the songs are structured, you will notice that the album is essentially written in four parts. Similar to the rest of Stabbing Westward's work, the CD focuses on relationships and where they go wrong. The other theme present is how we mess up in life and how to get back on the right track. A very depressing album.<br />The first four songs focus on how we mess up in life and the terrible, threatening mistakes we make. &quot;Darkest Days&quot; is a great opening song, makes great use of the band's percussion and Chris Hall's emotional lyrics. Second is &quot;Everything I Touch&quot;, a powerful song discussing how he ruins everything he gets involved with. Afterwards are (in my opinion) the two best songs on the album. &quot;How Can I Hold On? (Dog Attack)&quot; is a fast-paced gothic/industrial tune that gets the adrenaline going. The follow-up is &quot;Drugstore&quot;, the most emotionally-charged song on the CD, talking about drug abuse and the influence that people have on each other.<br />The second portion of the album deals with relationships, specifically the ones that are torn apart by lies, disagreements, etc. &quot;You Complete Me&quot; is really the only upbeat song in this section, and pretty much on the album as well. &quot;Save Yourself&quot;, &quot;Haunting Me&quot;, and &quot;Torn Apart&quot; are more adrenaline-pumping songs, all strong and fast-paced.<br />Then, sitting right in the middle is the portion to listen to when you're feeling down, when you've reachedthat low point in life that's hard to get out of. &quot;Drowning&quot; and &quot;Goodbye&quot; are slow-moving, but no less emotional than anything else on here. But the real standout's in this section are &quot;Sometimes It Hurts&quot; and &quot;Desperate Now&quot;.<br />Wrapping the album up is the most emotion-filled, most powerful portion of the entire album. The theme behind it is standing behind your beliefs in life. The pure anger and violence in &quot;When I'm Dead&quot; and &quot;The Thing I Hate&quot; makes them some of the best industrial tunes out there. &quot;On Your Way Down&quot; uses skillful guitar playing and lyrics, which refer to how celebrities screw people over in life to get to the top. The closing track on the album, &quot;Waking Up Beside You&quot; is enough to bring a lot of people to tears. This song rises above the majority of the rest of the band's work.<br />Although the album is split into four general themes and sections, it also has the capability to flow through as one theme, a strange talent that is rare to find in a CD and a band itself. I strongly recommend this, and anything else by Stabbing Westward, to anyone who likes hard rock and industrial. Even though this version of the album is edited, it's a small price to pay. The lyrics really aren't all that explicit in the first place, so the power, energy, and meanings of the songs are not lost.
B00003CXHJ|2.0|Why must Hollywood continue to produce films like this that are complete nonsense, with absolutely no bearing on the facts of what happened regarding the cracking of the Enigma codes? <br />I am sorry Mr. Loesch, but you are sadly misinformed if you believe the US had ANY impact on the breaking of these codes.  Alan Turing and several Polish mathematicians, using Enigma machines captured BY THE BRITISH, solved the first set of codes in 1943, IIRC.  Germany changed the codes again, which left the Allies in a virtual blackout for almost a year.<br />If I was from the UK, I would boycott this film.  From the european perspective, it must be very frustrating to see American  portray themselves as the saviors of Europe in WW2, which is simply not what happened.  The fact is, is that 9 out of 10 Germans soldiors killed were done so by the Russians.  These facts are very well documented and known by those who have an understanding of WW2 events.<br />This film is entertaining, a mere cotton candy flick, with a pat ending.  I just wrote a review of the movie &quot;The Hurricane,&quot; defending it from the very type of attack I am making here, but unlike that superrb film, this one is a complete fraud, and does not merely suffer some minor inaccuracies.
B000002H97|5.0|I found this CD to be both a great piece of rock and roll as well as a risky yet sucessful change for the best hard rock band since Zeppelin. Metellica hits the mainstream with a remarkable CD. They slowed the pace and even threw in a ballad. It should be a part of every CD collection regardless of musical preference.
B000059MEK|5.0|I downloaded it, heard it and had to buy it.Could you believe that? It is addictive. Why can't we add some more stars? I won't write about the tunes, just hear them yourself! 100% pure 80s disco with a 2K+1 mix.
0767817478|3.0|&quot;Godzilla&quot; is in the vein of all those slam-bang monster-is-coming-to-get-you movies, in which an enormous creature unlike anything anyone has ever seen arrives, causes lots of damage and destruction, and is ultimately overpowered by the human race in a silly, predictable climax that takes them at least an hour of running time to think of. The movie follows this story structure quite well; in fact, it could be a spokesperson on the genre. The story aspect of this film is not what kept my interest; I knew even before watching the film that it would be a strictly juvenile plot. What held my utmost interest was the nicely rendered special effects and the absolutely magnificent sound design that serves as one of the best movie soundtracks to date. <br />The movie's opening titles are set against vintage footage of nuclear warhead testing in the months before the bombing of Hiroshima, and of course we see lots of lizards and reptiles crawling around so we don't forget that one of them is going to come back in a mutated form. And that's exactly what happens, but not before causing a silent ruckus before showing himself in New York City, where he brings down buildings, causing a mass evacuation, and brings together a group of government protection forces and intellectual scientists to come up with a solution to their problem. This, of course, gives the lizard a chance to rampage his way through the city, outwitting his adversaries and bringing down the house around everyone, literally. <br />The storyline is so basic and banal that trying to give it any real serious thought is like trying to ponder the creation of Golden Grahams. Not really much thought to it, is there? Everything that happens here is pretty basic: the monster comes, the monster destroys, the monster is destroyed, and room for a sequel is made. The predictability of the movie seems to hinder it some, particularly because of the dialogue given to the characters. Scenes of confrontation among the characters give away such surprises as the creature's laying of eggs, as well as what's going to happen in the big climax. <br />The characters of this movie are pretty much just there to keep the story in place, giving away details and turning intelligent terms and phrases to give the movie a scientific feel. The movie is hardly about science, but the producers seem to think so by giving us the character of Nick Titopoulis, played by Matthew Broderick, who serves as the information source for every action the monster is going to take. His long-lost love, Audrey, played by Maria Pitillo, is thrown into the mix to create a sort of love story, but that is never really focused on until the end. She does have her important moments, using her ability as a news reporter to save the group from being eaten by thousands of baby lizards. And what movie set in the Big Apple would be complete without two loud and obnoxious New Yorkers with accents straight out of the heart of the city? <br />The cast is pretty much at a loss with what to bring to the material, and it shows in their performances. Broderick is slightly forced in his lines and actions, and never quites makes it to the finish line of fully convincing us of the seriousness of the situations at hand. Maria Pitillo really has nothing to do but be pouty and whiny, which she does surprisingly well at, though she does have her shining moments. Jean Reno plays a French Secret Service agent who teams up with Broderick in order to gain inside information about the events. He is the best character yet, giving the tip-offs just in the nick of time and coming off as strong and believable. <br />While story and characterization fall short in this film, the visual and sound effects of this movie are astounding, and they are what make the movie fun and, at times, exciting. The computer-generated images of the lizard attacking New York city are virtually seamless, and truly provide the movie well in bringing Godzilla's size and stature to life immensely. There's also lots of excellent scenes of buildings being destroyed and things blowing up, all of which bring excitement and yes, intensity to the movie. The sound design for &quot;Godzilla&quot; ranks with such soundtracks as the remake version of &quot;The Haunting,&quot; bringing to the scene high elements of deep bass and loud noises that keep us right in the middle of the action. Each step the lizard takes is impacting and booming, while the explosions and large objects impacting one another are superbly crafted in audio quality. <br />By movie's end, it is perfectly clear that the producers, who brought us &quot;Independence Day,&quot; wanted so much to live up to that reptutation that they crafted this movie in the hopes that it would become something as big in scale as that film. It is big, yes. It has lots of action and some excitement to it, also. But unlike &quot;ID4,&quot; this movie's story is contrived and by-the-numbers, while we are never able to care for the characters. Still, in terms of action and high-speed intensity, the movie does deliver, and if that's what you're looking for, then you've come to the right place.
630587493X|5.0|My attraction to watch this movie was the futurist story and the good performace of Robin Williams. I had some comments before I watched it, so I was almost sure that I knew the whole story of the movie. I was wrong!!. <br />The movie shows the interaction of about three generation of a  family with a robot and how this particular robot gets improved by itself.<br />Watching this movie, I found many parts with comedy, love, death, romance, and others, a lot of feeling that it's not common to be found at the same time and movie. <br />Many movie have lessons about the life. The story is centered the trends of humans with robots.<br />This movie shows about the facts and contradiction of the technology and the humans. Robots want to be more like human and humans want to be more technology dependant. That teach us that human being is very complex and difficult to reproduce technologically, in special the feelings.<br />Also, as the time goes by, the robots can't get sense of time, as opposed of humans that it's getting old each day. That teach us that the time for a person is short and we should love our families every day.<br />I would recomend to watch this movie very relaxed and with your family. <br />One last thing. For me, It's difficult to get me tears watching a movie, but Bicentennial Man got me some tears. So be prepared with a lot of tissues.
0586045449|5.0|In this meticulously researched and finely-wrought novel, author Len Deighton interweaves the stories of a large cast of characters, German and British, in the hours leading up to a night bomber attack on a fictional Germany city.  Due to crew error, a small German town is accidentally bombed by part of the bomber force.  The story revolves around the men who fly the heavy British bombers, the men on the ground in Germany who must deal with the carnage of the bombs, and the German airmen and radar men who try to stop the bombers short of their tragic attack.  Deighton writes that he read over 200 books to prepare for this novel.  He also interviewed many British and German veterans and civilians and flew in most of the planes described in the book.  The result is a book that favors neither side but instead focuses on the individual humanity of the characters, with all their strengths and weaknesses.  Thousands upon thousands of warriors and civilians on both sides died horrible deaths and in a war that was, without a doubt, hell on earth.  Though there is no glory in war, the book is filled with individual acts of selflessness and heroism that elevate the participants above the slaughter.  Their heroism is not without great price, though, from the fireman battling the blazes to the British pilot who fights to bring his plane home only to suffer a breakdown, and the German pilot who is being hunted down for disagreeing with Nazi policy. I highly recommend this book. It is a must-read especially for those who desire to learn more about the air war over Germany.
0679420266|3.0|When I first read this novel I found that the plot of the story was less interesting, and less important than the personal philosophy of the main character, Meursault.  Meursault has an indifferent approach to life, he does not believe in sustaining relationships, he indulges in the pleasures of relationships, only when it is convenient for him.  One could define it as &quot;carpe diem&quot; but it seems not to be completely accurate with Meursault.  Anyway, the plot should not have been the vessel for the man's personal philosophy, that is my only qualm with this book.
0812589041|5.0|An amazing book, definitely deserving the praise that it has received from various literary critics is the book, Ender's Game by Orson Scott Card.  This superb science fiction book is about a surrealistic future world in which children are engineered to become the &quot;ultimate soldiers&quot;.  The majority of the main characters in this book are primarily children, such as Ender's brother and sister, Peter and Valentine.  Also, Ender has many acquaintances and friends, which you may get to know and like or possibly dislike throughout the book.  These children have names such as the Molo, Soup, Vlad, and Bean.  Don't be fooled by their childish names though, these four children plus Ender help get rid of a whole planet of alien pest that even a high-tech future army of grown adults couldn't even come close to handling.  Ender, the main character, is a young outspoken boy.  When the book starts he is only six years old, but the time the book ends he is already eleven.  Ender sometimes acts childish, but is extremely intelligent and through out most of the book he trains in a military academy for young children.  Ender is very quick to learn things and is very ambitious.    And this helps as he fights the aliens, because he will be forced to make a descision that could decide the fate of the galaxy!  This story starts with Ender in grade school, but then as the story proceeds, he moves up through the ranks of the many schools which will help teach him to use is genius.  The basic theme of this book is that childhood does not last fore ever and if one spends their childhood trying to be an adult, one may in turn spend their adulthood trying to be a child.  I definitely recommend this book to anyone enjoy science fiction, fantasy, sports, military, or even romance.  This is definitely my favorite book of all time.  Just give it a chance, and read it, and I'm sure that it will be one of your favorites too.  Thank you.
B00000IAU3|3.0|Like many people I'd never heard of Dido until she did Stan with Eminem.Her contribution was most definitely the highlight of that song-yet it isn't the highlight of this c.d. at all.<br /> To me lyrically she sounds like she's had her fair share of heartbreak in the past.Many of the songs are about old flames or about missing old loves-poor girl.Musically it's quite laid back-particularly suitable for winding down after a night on the town.The songs are good if a bit bland and when you listen to the c.d. as a whole it's often hard to remember or distinguish one song from the other.I mean there are plenty of really nice songs on the c.d. and there are very few absolute awful songs-but there are very few truly outstanding or memorable songs.<br /> The one exception for me though is the opening song &quot;Here With Me&quot;-it builds up from a very quiet start,then quickens up with the acoustic guitar riff,blasts in with some heavy duty orchestration and leads to a loud sing along chorus.It's my favourite on this c.d.Hunter is a good song also.Once again it's style is very similar to the opening song acoustic quiet build up to a louder fuller complete band sound for the chorus.Then lyrically it becomes a bit tiresome as she sings about another guy who has gone off with someone new-and believe me this happens loads of times on this c.d.The chorus is good and very catchy and the strings throughout this song really keep this song interesting.The next song has a real Celtic feel to it.In fact it sounds like it could have been written 200 years ago in Ireland.Quite a few of the songs have this Celtic feel to it.They are generally more atmostpheric then loud.Song 5 All You Want is very similar in sound and feel to the previous tracks and a change of sound would have been nice for a bit of variety.Once again she's been cheated by someone.At this stage the songs and lyrics have made each song indistinguishable from each other-which is a pity because when listened to individually they  are good songs.A bit of variety in the sound would have been beneficial I feel.<br /> Then we have the Stan song Thank You.No doubt it's a great chorus but funnily enough while I'm not into Eminem I actually prefer Stan.The next two songs are slow-moving and rely as much on synthesiser effects as acoustic guitar.This is a welcome change of sound but unfortunately I think they're not as good as the previous songs.I like the song Isobel-lyrically it's a great story-held together by a loud drum beat and guitar.The understated chorus to me is very good.The whole song  is very rhythmical and builds gradually all the time as more and more instruments join in the song.The title track is similar in sound and feel to all the other songs and I didn't particularly like it.<br /> I suppose when she was making this c.d. she wasn't exactly well known.It's generally a good not great c.d.Maybe for her next c.d. she could afford to be a bit more ambitious and try to have songs of varying volume and tempo.Still it's a good &quot;late-night&quot; c.d. and it certainly won't disturb the neighbours!
B00000JCOV|1.0|I'd like to talk about talent, or the lack of it in slipknot's case. frankly, they aren't any good. Screaming is something I can do, so I don't see any need to waste good money to hear someone else do it...
068484267X|4.0|I liked McCourt's book for its realism and humor. I have to admit, that I've never been to Ireland. But maybe because of that I hold a certain perspective of how paradiselike a life on the &quot;Green Island&quot; may be, of people mainly happy, drinking their guinnes making good music like the Corrs or Clannad. McCourt robs you any illusion of that kind, and  shows you a different life in poverty and misery, where even a supposed nationalistic heroism has no place as it doesn't provide any food or human housing either. Written from the perspective of a growing up teenager, who wonders about things happening around, the book never gets into severe a mood but always plays with a fine and sublime sense of humor. This may be nothing for those who cannot stand description of human misery less for those who cannot stand smiling at it. It may even disturbing for those who still want to hold an ideal picture of Ireland.  I rather smiled and was delighted.
B000056K04|4.0|I am a huge DMB fan.This cd appears to have been created to capture a top40 audience. I miss the lengthy jams, accoustic licks and jazz flare to most songs. Everyday is probably the best song because it is similiar previous cds.Angel isn't bad, If I had It All is good,totally different. I give it 4 stars just because I like DMB and their creativity. The mesh with Santana-WHY? Why do I have to struggle to find any sax or violin? The sax,violin and accoustic guitar is the cornerstone of DMB. Electric guitar, limited sax and violin and....rap is Top 40. Come back to your roots Dave....get a new producer...Lillywhite was better than Ballard is.
0812589041|5.0|The book Ender's Game by Orson Scott Card, is an action filled, thrilling yet emotional science fiction novel.  The book is about one little boy named Ender Wiggin who is the third child in his family and a genious along with his older sister Valentine and brother Peter.  Ender Wiggin is specially chosen out of the rest of his siblings to go into the military and train to fight off the buggers, who are aliens from a different planet who attacked Earth years earlier.  The military training is not just any average army- it takes place in space.  Ender, only being six years old, turns out to be the best at all the military games.  At a young age, he manages to beat older kids of 12 or 13 years.  Although Ender is the best at the games, he is not a happy child.  Ender not only misses his family, mostly his sister Valentine, but he is also picked on constantly at Battle school.  Soon enough, Ender is transferred to a school where he is one of the youngest boys.  Now at the age of 10, Ender is trained by Mazer who was the one who saved Earth from the buggers years ago.  Mazer worked Ender day and night- hardly leaving Ender and time to sleep let alone relax.  As Ender wins every battle on the video games he is commander of, he suprisingly saves Earth.  The entire time Ender fought battles on the video games, he was being fooled- it was real.  The ending of the book becomes very intense and the suprise at the end is amazing.  I highly reccomend this book to anyone- even if you've never read Science-fiction before!!!!
B000055WIQ|5.0|I am a movie connoisseur and I love THE EXORCIST. However, many do not. A good friend of mine hated it and I know of others who do too. I first saw this movie a few years ago because I have always heard of it but never saw it and wanted to know what all the fuss was about. I must have been only sixteen and decided to rent it and watch it alone (so as to not be persuaded of my judgement by a prejudice either way). Anyway, I turned off all the lights when no one was home and started the movie. Well, the music freaked me out from the start but I must admit that the first hour or so is BOR-ING if you aren't into &quot;informational&quot; type horror flicks. I am now (there aren't many of us out there), but wasn't then. So, I liked it. But there is, contrary to belief before actually seeing it for yourself, not much action in the whole movie except for the main exorcism. The main reason the movie scared me is because I am a deeply religious person and I know that that is possible. That sort of thing has happened and does still happen. Reguardless of what people say, it's possible and it touched a sore spot in my psyche. The main reason most people are not fans of THE EXORCIST is, in fact, because most of it is &quot;boring&quot;. Is is an old movie and that's another reason why most people don't favor it. Nowadays it's all about blood and guts and don't get me wrong, I love a good blood-bath, but to me, the &quot;ghost&quot; and &quot;demon&quot; type movies are scarier because they are realistic. It depends on your taste if you'll like it. But don't take my word for it, rent it and see for yourself. Happy haunting!
0140185232|4.0|This book centers around a character called Larry, who receives from the author the literary equivalent of flash cinematography--unclear, fleeting images of an interesting figure--and just enough to keep the reader wondering, until his spiritual denuding at the conclusion of the novel.  There is a certain stiffness in the work, owing to the intra-World War period in which the novel is placed, and the rest of the characters are frippery:  the matron-in-training, the prostitute, the prissy bachelor uncle.  It is only Larry that really captures the reader's attention, when he meters a few sentences or when the other characters speak about him.  (There is a lot of &quot;and then I unexpectedly ran into So-and-So, and they told me This-and-That about Larry.&quot;)  So, what does Larry have to say that is so interesting at the end?  During an all-night conversation at a Brasserie, he performs a soular strip-tease.  It's not like he reveals something titillating like a &quot;size matters&quot; soul or two souls where there should be one.  Let's just say it's a cross between Hinduism and the Absolutism of the Urantia Book.
B000055WIQ|5.0|I am a movie connoisseur and I love THE EXORCIST. However, many do not. A good friend of mine hated it and I know of others who do too. I first saw this movie a few years ago because I have always heard of it but never saw it and wanted to know what all the fuss was about. I must have been only sixteen and decided to rent it and watch it alone (so as to not be persuaded of my judgement by a prejudice either way). Anyway, I turned off all the lights when no one was home and started the movie. Well, the music freaked me out from the start but I must admit that the first hour or so is BOR-ING if you aren't into &quot;informational&quot; type horror flicks. I am now (there aren't many of us out there), but wasn't then. So, I liked it. But there is, contrary to belief before actually seeing it for yourself, not much action in the whole movie except for the main exorcism. The main reason the movie scared me is because I am a deeply religious person and I know that that is possible. That sort of thing has happened and does still happen. Reguardless of what people say, it's possible and it touched a sore spot in my psyche. The main reason most people are not fans of THE EXORCIST is, in fact, because most of it is &quot;boring&quot;. Is is an old movie and that's another reason why most people don't favor it. Nowadays it's all about blood and guts and don't get me wrong, I love a good blood-bath, but to me, the &quot;ghost&quot; and &quot;demon&quot; type movies are scarier because they are realistic. It depends on your taste if you'll like it. But don't take my word for it, rent it and see for yourself. Happy haunting!
0446608955|5.0|This was a great tearjerker. The story starts as an older adult looking back on one of the greatest years of his life.  The background of this love story is a community in a small town.  The main character shares the story of the most loving and heartbreaking year of his life.  He falls in love and loses it.  This is one of the best books ever written and I will cherish it always.
0312962118|1.0|An incredible book, written in the worst traditions of the Cold War, it's not only anti-communist (which may be a sort of obligatory to get a book published), but Russophobic as well (you read that most Russians are &quot;dirty and stupid&quot; - and a lot of similar or even worse things! - perhaps it is also becoming obligatory?). The book is one of the worst examples of such mass-production I have ever seen.<br />And that's not all. The author's arrogance is unbelievable: he KNOWS VIRTUALLY NOTHING about the time/country/events he is writing about!! The book is full of silly mistakes including, in particular, even Russian names (e.g. &quot;Petya Ivan Stefanovich&quot; instead of &quot;Petr Ivanovich Stefanovich&quot; etc etc), Moscow topography (you drive from Lubjanka via Arbat further to the East(!), along the frozen banks of the Moskva-river(!!), and so on) and many other obvious and well-known facts which any person attempting to write a book of that sort should know. The funniest mistakes are perhaps using &quot;Amerikanski&quot; for the Russian word &quot;Amerikanec&quot; (= an American national) and &quot;Turkmenistans&quot; (!!!) instead of &quot;Turkmen&quot;. Listing all such &quot;flops&quot; would take hours and hours. A minimum research before starting the book would do no harm.<br />Last but not least: the plot itself is quite ridiculous and naïve, situations created by the author's imagination are hopelessly unrealistic.<br />Pity that such a book has ever been published. Amazing that some people like it. Sad that it became a bestseller - whatever it means .
B000002UJQ|5.0|i cant think of words to describe this album.  its incredible.  it almost always makes me cry.  if you cant scrape together 15 dollars to buy it you're missing out in a big big way
0380713802|4.0|I agree with several other readers in that this isn't Bryson's best book.  However, that doesn't keep it from being a funny, quick read into how Bryson sees Europe.<br />Throughout this book, Bryson recconects with a European vacation he took with his friend Katz after college.  He wants to revisit the places he saw - now, of course, with a much more jaded eye.  He visits some new places too, among them the Arctic circle and Rome.  Rome was for me the funniest part of the book - particularly Bryson's take on his travel guides!<br />Are his observations always on target, and always kind?  No, of course not.  But, it's still an interesting look at how an American (who writes humor for a living) sees a different culture.
0385335482|5.0|Confessions of a Shopaholic is a delightful book; a real page-turner that I absolutely hated to put down. Rebecca Bloomwood, the main character, takes you on a roller coaster ride of emotions and adventures. At different moments throughout the book you laugh at Rebecca, you get mad at her, you find yourself saying &quot;Don't do it!&quot;, you feel her shame and desperation, (especially if you've ever bought somethng you know you shouldn't have), and then you find yourself cheering her on. A truly wonderful way to spend a rainy (or sunny for that matter) afternoon.
B000002O5L|5.0|This is my favorite Tom Petty album. I've always liked Petty's work and always bought his new albums when they've come out. Indeed, in the 1980's and 1990's his records -- with the Heartbreakers or whoever -- are among the few I will buy unheard (once upon a time there were a slew of artists that I would buy automatically). His albums were always worth buying, despite the fact that I always found them somewhat uneven. There were always several songs that I liked a lot, but always some I could do without. &quot;Full Moon Fever&quot; is different. The sound is, to my ears, a bit softer than Petty's typical album. &quot;Free Fallin'&quot; and &quot;Won't Back Down&quot; were the big hits, and the former is built around an acoustic riff and both feature a moderate tempo and simple arrangement. But overall, &quot;Full Moon Fever&quot; is different because the songs are ALL catchy. You can listen to this one all the way through and there is no letdown. Even whimsical numbers like &quot;A Mind With A Heart Of It's Own&quot; and &quot;Zombie Zoo&quot; work well. Check out &quot;Feel A whole Lot Better&quot;. The sound is a dead ringer for the Byrds. &quot;The Apartment Song&quot;, &quot;Love Is A Long Road&quot; and &quot;Runnin' Down A Dream&quot; are other personal highlights. Get a copy of this album. It won't let you down. Very highly recommended.
B00000K19E|5.0|Best movie I have ever seen before, special effects are incredible. Definately must own this movie.
6304398395|4.0|This movie is enjoyable even if you aren't familiar with Charlie Chaplin films, but is wonderfully resonant if you are.  The real Chaplin onscreen is made of Teflon: the worst things happen to him and he just keeps dancing.  Offscreen, his life was troubled to say the least.  &quot;Chaplin&quot; does a good job of wordlessly illuminating this apparent tension: by showing what laughter meant to the child of a deranged mother, the brilliance of the California sunshine to someone raised under English skies, and the struggle for marital peace in a workaholic, constantly changing world of pretenders and, in the guise of J. Edgar Hoover and his minions, hostile critics.  Charlie Chaplin comes across as a man unable to exorcise his demons verbally, but brilliantly trying to through the language of dance, eyebrows, and unending farce.  The man had no vanity onscreen, but he ended up being beautiful.
0345440757|5.0|As someone who struggled with breastfeeding and specifically the latch-on process, my son's demand to eat every hour pretty much brought me to ruin. I saw Tracy on Dateline and thought I would try anything to get him to sleep longer, eat better and I really wanted to understand his cries. <br />This book worked for me. After 3 days of following her E.A.S.Y. program; my son was more predictable, he was eating better, sleeping longer and crying a lot less. (I was misunderstanding his cries, feeding him too often and for too short a session and I was not offering him a routine.)<br />The One-Sided feeding method has really worked for me and it allows me to pump a bottle for him, from the other side, once a day. <br />I loved the book and recommend it to my friends.
B00000IAU3|5.0|This is an awesome piece of work from Dido.  She is very talented.  Make sure that you listen to her other songs that they don't play on the radio including &quot;All you Want&quot; and &quot;Don't think of me.&quot;  These songs accurately create the sorrow in a torn relationship.  The songs are full of longing, spite, and regret.  They're beautiful.  These are also great songs if all you want to do is curl up in a ball and cry along with Dido.  It's nice to hear we're not alone.
6304504012|5.0|...Madonna proves she can sing, act, and dance. She brings to life the true story of actress and Argantina's first lady, Eva Peron. Antonio Banderas(my FAVORITE) plays narrater Che, while Jonathan Pryce plays Argentina's President. Fresh from singing lessons, all of them, as well as everybody else is this film, make this a truly beautiful musical. Regardless of what her criticks may say, Madonna can sing beautifully. Antonio Banderas surprised me with his strong, gritty vocals, vast acting talent, and how handsome he seemed... No wonder it won all the awards, with exceptional acting, singing, dancing, directing, and producing. Its moving to hear her singing in &quot;Don't Cry For Me Argentina,&quot; and Madonna can break your heart with the beautiful,  tender ballad &quot;You Must Love Me.&quot; From beginning to end, this movie is not only historical, but also beautiful. I truly hope you enjoy this movie as much as I do. ENJOY!
B000055ZB8|5.0|In 1921, director F.W. Murnau set out to make a horror film based on Bram Stoker's novel, \\"Dracula,\\" but was denied the rights to the property by Stoker's estate.  Undeterred, however, Murnau merely changed the title to \\"Nosferatu,\\" the name of the title character to \\"Count Orlok,\\" then proceeded to make what has come to be considered nothing less than a classic of the silent film era.  An unsettling film (especially for the times in which it was made), it is a faithful adaptation of Stoker's story, and brings images to the screen, the likes of which at the time, had never before been seen.  And although by today's standards much of it may seem relatively tame, there is an innate sense of the sinister about it that is timeless.  For the same elements that so unnerved audiences in 1922 when it was released, are equally discomfiting now, most of which is courtesy of Max Schreck, who portrayed Count Orlok.  It was the first screen appearance for what is now the most famous vampire in history, and the German character actor Schreck brought an eerie presence to the role that has never been equaled.  Bela Lugosi may be considered the definitive Dracula-- his portrayal is certainly the most well known-- but even he could not match the sense of evil that Schreck brought to the character.  The scene in which Schreck's shadow is cast on the wall as he slowly negotiates a staircase, emphasizing his misshapen head and elongated fingers and nails, is an image that leaves an indelible impression on the memory, as does Schreck's overall appearance:  Lanky, though slightly stooped, with oversized, pointed ears and haunted, sunken eyes.  It was Schreck's greatest screen role, and had it not been for a lawsuit by Stoker's estate that prevented wide distribution of the film, it would no doubt have made him a star.  The supporting cast includes John gottowt, Alexander Granach, Wolfgang Heinz, Max Nemetz, Gustav von Wangenheim, Ruth Landshoff and Greta Schroder.  An air of mystery surrounded the set during the filming of \\"Nosferatu\\" that became something of a myth, which began with the fact that Schreck, a method actor, was never seen by cast nor crew without his makeup and in character.  And it was further perpetuated when it may have been implied by Murnau that Schreck was actually a vampire playing an actor playing a vampire, all of which goes a long way toward proving that \\"hype\\" is nothing new to the entertainment industry.  One of the three most highly regarded German directors of the times, Murnau, whose philosophy was that \\"nothing existed beyond the frame,\\" directed a number of films, but none achieved the lasting notoriety of \\"Nosferatu.\\"  For film buffs everywhere, as well as aficionados of silent pictures, this film is a must-see, and a perfect companion piece to the recently released (2000) \\"Shadow of the Vampire,\\" the film by E. Elias Merhige that chronicles the making of \\"Nosferatu.\\"  A comparatively short film-- the restored DVD version runs 81 minutes, the video, 63 minutes-- it will nevertheless provide an entertaining and memorable cinematic experience.  This is an example of not only the magic, but the magic at the very core of the movies.
B000002LND|5.0|Madonna's 1990's hit compilation, is a collection of all her hits, taken from her 80's albums:&quot;Madonna,&quot; Like A Virgin,&quot; &quot;True Blue,&quot; and &quot;Like A Prayer,&quot; singles, soudtrack singles(&quot;Crazy for you,&quot; from &quot;Visoin Quest,&quot; &quot;Into the groove,&quot; from &quot;Desperately seekng Susan&quot;), ending with 3 new ones. Here they are, like th e originals they'er fresh sung (first recorded in her 20's, now in her 30's), and outstanding. Unlike the originals, the instrumests are different, and the they'r slighly taloired, so they'r not as long. The time length(for all of them): 4:04, 3:36, 3:59, 3:11, 3:52, 3:45, 4:08, 5:17, 4:08, 3:50, 3:47, 5:50, 4:02, 3:53, 5:17, 4:59, 5:31. Ending with the dance classic &quot;Vogue,&quot; the sensual &quot;Justify My Love,&quot; and the inspirational &quot;Rescue Me.&quot; This is outstand with great pictures, and a great article. Genious Madonna!
B00000099Y|5.0|Tool recieved great inspiration from the legendary comic, and I am proud to say, my friend, Mr. Bill Hicks.  Arizona Bay was the concept of Hicks and I hold it near and dear to me every day as I make my way through the mindless jungle of 'Hell-A'.  Nobody is reading this. However, if you are, check out Bill Hicks.  You will long to find your third eye.
B000002UZ6|4.0|Tina's 1991 compilation, is a collection of all her hits from the 60's, 70's, and 80's. Like Madonna's 1990 &quot;The Immaculate Collection,&quot; the songs are tailored, so they'r not as long as the originals. Time length of 1-18: 4:8, 3:38, 3:42, 3:48, 4:18, 3:42, 4:26, 3:37, 3:38, 4:03, 4:15, 4:14, 4:00, 3:39, 4:11, 3:52, 4:24, 4:27. I love these songs, and its great to hear Tina's strong, raspy, sultry alto voice shine on these songs. Although many of these hits are from her come-back 1980's albums: &quot;Private Dancer,&quot; &quot;Break Every Rule,&quot; and &quot;Foreign Affair.&quot; This is a classic in its own right, and I hope you enjoy it like I do. This has got to go down in history.
B000056K04|1.0|Just when you thought Dmb was a great musical talent, they turn Pop. Mind-blowing, isnt it? Myself and others use Dmb as our pop-relief, when the world is so full of &quot;it&quot;. For us who love music, and know what music is, this new album is a swift kick in the balls. I'm just glad I had enough time to warn my friends. I did not realize what a negative impact switching to ballard would be. No more dave for awhile,'everyday' is in the trash, im ignoring the summer concert sales (it would be sad to see them attempt to play machine made music live...so pathetic on SNL), just the old 'remember two things' for me until their next album, another chance to redeem themselves. bring back lillywhite!
B000006SBY|4.0|I bought this album at a used record store in 1986 on vinyl.  It was very different from RECKLESS. But being a true fan, I listened to it with an open mind.  The songs reflect a more dance genre and his voice not too raspy, but it was only a matter of time for this young rocker to break free from the commercial side of the business of 1979 and into his own masculine style.  He's a great songwritter and this album completes my collection.
B00003Q43G|5.0|\\"When you look long into an abyss, the abyss also looks into you.\\"-Friedrich Nietzche<br />In December of 1997, director James Cameron released what would eventually become the &quot;most successful film of all time&quot;: &quot;Titanic.&quot; This film was the triumph he had been searching for, winning 11 Oscars, with three to take home for himself. Everyone knows of this movie, whether they have seen it or not. But what they don't remember is that, back in 1989, Cameron released a film that was not only better than &quot;Titanic&quot; in story and visual style, it was also the most difficult film to make in movie history. The movie I'm talking about is &quot;The Abyss,&quot; a film that not too many people have seen. I suppose that is a good thing, because during the summer, Cameron re-released his deep sea masterpiece with 28 minutes of extra footage that improve the film ten-fold, filling in plot holes, developing the characters better, and giving us some incredibly powerful visual passages. &quot;The Abyss&quot; stars Ed Harris as Virgil &quot;Bud&quot; Brigman, the captain of a deep-sea oil rig that has been petitioned by the US government to &quot;cooperate in a matter of national security.&quot; In a nutshell, a nuclear submarine crashed and now rests in 2000 feet of water, and with a hurricane approaching rapidly, the military could never get their rescue crew in on time. The rig crew is commissioned to use their rig to go in under the storm with a team of Navy SEALS to enter the sub and search for survivors. We soon learn that this part of the mission is, in fact, only half of the military's full intent. The leader of the SEAL group has been commanded to retrieve a warhead from the sub, arm it, and wait for further instructions. Along with the military aspect of &quot;The Abyss,&quot; there is a science fiction element that is extremely captivating, and it is in this aspect of the plot that the 28 minutes of new footage play a pivotal role. While the crew of the rig is battling with the pressure induced psychosis of the SEAL ringleader, Coffey (Michael Biehn), it is becoming ever more apparent that there is a non-terrestrial intelligence of some kind looking around the bottom of a two and a half mile deep abyssal trench. The coming of the NTI's is preceded by a loss of power in all systems, making visual documentation of their presence nearly impossible, which leads Coffey to believe that these intelligent beings are actually Russian submersibles. Meanwhile, amongst all of this military mumbo-jumbo and alien talk, &quot;The Abyss&quot; maintains its earthly elements, making it the most believable science fiction film ever made. For instance, the marital disputes between Bud and his soon-to-be-ex-wife Lindsey (Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio) make for some of the film's best passages of dialogue. And as it becomes more and more obvious that they don't hate each other as much as it would seem, James Cameron sneaks in some very romantic tidbits that make the love story in &quot;Titanic&quot; look like children's reading. Furthermore, each and every one of the characters in this film has their own unique personality, their own way of looking at things, and that makes us care about them. And to further my praise of this film, spanning everything from the military conflict to the aliens to the love spats between Bud and Lindsey to that adorable little white rat that is always hanging on Hippie's ear, there is a building tension that is accented flawlessly by incredible action sequences. And there is one scene in particular, arguably the best one in the movie, when Lindsey and Bud are trapped in a flooding submersible with only one dive suit, and very intense sequence of events follows, by the end of which we are left breathless by the intensity in the performances, particularly Ed Harris. The original theatrical release, though visually stunning and groundbreaking as it was, was like a completely different film for its last ten minutes. &quot;The Abyss: Special Edition&quot; is a perfectly well-rounded film that drowns the original cut in its wake. It is a wonderful film with many memorable scenes, an outstanding musical store, and eye-popping visual effects that I maintain to be some of the best ever done. &quot;The Abyss&quot; is one of the greatest movies ever made.n minutes. &quot;The Abyss: Special Edition&quot; is a perfectly well-rounded film that drowns the original cut in its wake. It is a wonderful film with many memorable scenes, an outstanding musical store, and eye-popping visual effects that I maintain to be some of the best ever done. &quot;The Abyss&quot; is one of the greatest movies ever made.
B000002GYR|5.0|I got turned on to this disc 15 years ago, and I can still listen to it over and over.  Lonesome and mournful, yet at the same time powerful and upbeat, Closing Time is filled with soulful and gripping stories which are frank, funny and deeply moving.  My personal favorites are Ol' 55 (which The Eagles did a respectable cover of) and Old Shoes, which always puts a huge smile on my face as I bellow along, but there's not a weak track in the bunch.  I think this was Tom Waits' debut album, followed by The Heart of Saturday Night, which is also first-rate.  Subsequent releases have been all over the map, and can be pretty hard to enjoy, despite some excellent writing.  I don't know if it's a result of too much tobacco, whiskey, life on the road, or all of the above, but his voice has become an acquired taste, to put it kindly.  However, that doesn't detract from this brilliant record, which I'd be hard-pressed not to take to the proverbial desert island.
B000002MZ6|4.0|I had extremely high expectations for this cd, what with my view of Oldfield's Tubular Bells as one of the greatest instrumentals of all-time, my being a huge Arthur C. Clarke (whose novel of the same name inspired the music on this album) fan, and having seen numerous highly ecstatic reviews of this album on the internet. And thus, one day sitting at the computer I popped this album into the stereo, and... I was quite frankly unimpressed. The music just seemed to drivel on with little relevance or elaboration and seemed to bear little or no relation to Clarke's story (aside from the song titles.) However, when I listened to this album a second time and liked it, I realized my mistake. Despite it's relative nature, this is not background music. This is music that you need to listen to while alone, preferably with a very good sound system (or pair of headphones) and just let it wash over you. It certainly is not Tubular Bells, but The Songs of Distant Earth has a majesty and beauty all its own. Skewing the instruments he normally frequents, for the most part, and instead focusing mainly on synthesizers and electronica, definately gives the album a &quot;science fiction&quot; feel, while still adhering to his minimalist compositional style that he does so well. The album really works as a whole unified piece, and singling out particular tracks is not only useless, but detrimental to the album. It's not exactly perfect, however. The frequent use of drum machines gets faintly old after a while, and is not, I think, and element that is going to help the album stand out over time (especially seeing as it wasn't released in, say, 1984). Also, the last track, A New Beginning, is absolutely pointless and out of place, it's just an odd minute of inane African chanting that closes the album on something of an off note. However, no biggie, I'll just hit the &quot;stop&quot; button on my CD player after Ascension from now on. On the whole, I recommend this album to, of course, fans of Oldfield, but also to conscious-minded music fans in general, and if you're a fan of ACC, then pick this album up, who knows, you just might like it. If it seems dreamy and inconsequential at first, I urge you to listen to it again and thereby get lost in it's beauty.
B00003CXMG|5.0|It is easy to understand why this movie didn't get an Oscar nod for best picture.  This movie is wonderful but in a subtle way, and Oscar prefers less subtlety.  &quot;Almost Famous&quot; is a superb coming-of-age account of Cameron Crowe's early (VERY early) days as a rock journalist.  William Miller, Crowe's alter-ego, is played by newcomer Patrick Fugit, and he is a real charmer!  While this movie takes a little longer to get started than, say, &quot;Jerry Maguire&quot;, it is like having a backstage pass to the glory days of the rock business, &quot;before corporations killed it&quot;, as Lester Bangs supposedly said.  Kate Hudson shines as band-aid Penny Lane, but is it really an Oscar-worthy performance?  We'll find out around the time this review gets posted.  Watch for Peter Frampton in a small role.  This movie will bring back pleasant memories of rock and roll in its pre-corporate heydey, back when the fans decided what was good, rather than having MTV &quot;tell&quot; them.
B000056V73|5.0|Do yourself a big favor and rent/buy this film.  I was 11 in 1973, in a household full of older brothers who listened to this music!  In fact there is a scene in the movie where William is shown leafing though the records that his sister left him- my brothers had EVERY one of those albums and now I am in possession of them - I can't imagine a more thrilling time for music. This film captures the magic, spirit and beauty of that time...sigh.......
B000059TPN|3.0|Any time there is a Criterion Collection release it is cause for some joy.  Criterion discs are almost without fail full of tons of bonus goodies that you can't find anywhere else, save the odd laserdisc collecter's set.  But the unfortunate side is that Criterion gives the royal treatment to some lackluster films, like &quot;Armaggedon&quot; and &quot;The Rock&quot;.  If you liked &quot;The Rock&quot; you will have plenty to celebrate here -- anamorphic presentation, 5.1 stereo, etc, etc.  And it will give your home theater system a real workout.  I really didn't like this movie much, but I gotta admit -- this DVD sounds GREAT!!  But the biggest problem is with the movie itself.  It sinks under its own weight.  The action sequences certainly are visually and aurally impressive, but too little attention was paid to intelligent dialogue and scriptfare.  But that is of little interest to producer Jerry Bruckheimer, or so I assume.<br />Is &quot;The Rock - Criterion Collection&quot; worth owning?  Probably not, if you value having some dignity and taste in your home DVD library.  Is it worth renting for all the extras and killer sound?  Heck yeah!!  It is good for some dumb fun, but don't dignify this kind of moviemaking by making it a best-seller in the home DVD market.  Rent it, enjoy it (allowing for the dumb parts), and forget it.  There will be another dumb Michael Bay/Jerry Bruckheimer action-fest along soon enough.  Oh Nicolas Cage, how far you have fallen since &quot;Leaving Las Vegas&quot;!
B000056N8X|1.0|the worst episode of  Highlander saga ..
6305078564|5.0|I should warn you straight away that once you have this wonderful DVD set in your possession you will need to keep a duster handy for the rest of your collection,as it's going to be severely neglected for some considerable period of time as you develop a virtual monomania with your latest treasure.In fact if you are not entirely closeted and consumed with it for at least a fortnight to begin with,I'll be most surprised and lost in admiration for your extraordinary willpower and self-denial.<br />The original six episodes of the TV broadcast have been most judiciously divided three to a disc and the transfer is as pristine and crystal clear as you could wish for -- indeed I forget sometimes that I'm watching a recording so freshly minted does it leap from my television screen.Perhaps the colour balance is not altogether truthful but I find that my eye quickly adjusted and it's not remotely an obstacle to the enjoyment of it all. The episode titles have been retained throughout and I seem to be one of the few people who actually like this arrangement.For a start I don't care how many times I am subjected to Carl Davis's lovely quasi-Mozartian theme and also the integrity of the dramatic breaks,which were obviously chosen so carefully by the producers,is preserved.Besides,I enjoy planning my evening's viewing on a &quot;per episode&quot; basis.Sometimes I'll make do with a leisurely feast of two,and occasionally I'll splurge on an all out &quot;P&amp;P&quot; binge of 4 (pretty ambitious that,and should only be attempted by advanced viewers only !). The usual menu features of chapter division and scene access are laid out with due Regency taste and style but I must admit that I haven't so far been tempted by the &quot;Making of..&quot; feature.I'm sure a lot of folks will simply lap it up but I really don't want the magic (and this BBC/A&amp;E production is fully deserving of that epithet) deconstructed before my eyes.No,let me alone in my reverie and keep reality at bay until it's time to reluctantly rejoin the 21st Century once more.<br />What can I say of the peerless cast that hasn't been said much more succinctly elsewhere ? Jennifer Ehle richly deserves all the plaudit's and awards she has received for her exquisite portrayal of Lizzy while Colin Firth's Darcy is a very carefully considered incarnation that so delicately treads that fine line of communicating his initial haughty disdain but always letting us glimpse the genuinely warm and decent man within.A good example of his skill here is that quite lovely scene when he has to bid a temporary farewell to Elizabeth after their surprise encounter at Pemberley.All he does is bid her &quot;Good day&quot; after helping her into the carriage but the absolute maelstrom of suppressed emotion he gets across to us with an absolute minimum of facial expression and body language is marvellous to behold.If you ever want to see Shakespeare's &quot;parting is such sweet sorrow&quot; personified then all you need to do is watch him in that scene. Not only are the main roles filled to absolute perfection but the subsidiary roles are happily fleshed out to a degree that almost comes to seem supernatural.I could easily exhaust the 1000 word limit in praising them individually as they deserve but I won't test your patience on that score.My personal favourites include Susannah Harker's serenely captivating Jane;Benjamin Whitrow's paternally authoritative but mischeviously twinkling Mr Bennet;Julia Sawalha's daft,dizzy delight of a Lydia and Lucy Scott's cool and composed Charlotte.And I couldn't not mention Anna Chancellor's tour de force as the scheming Miss Bingley.She really makes the most of every scene she appears in and I almost feel sorry for her towards the end as the object of her affections slips inexorably out of her grasp.&quot;Almost&quot; -- I hasten to add ! Yet pick any role at random from principal to servant and there will you find the ideal actor for the part.<br />Something that particularly contributes to the success of the whole piece and is especially dear to my heart is the stunning wat that music has been so wonderfully worked into the warp and weave of it's fabric.Not only is there Carl Davis's outstanding original scoring but the music of the time has been employed in the most affecting manner imaginable.Handel,Mozart,Beethoven (listen out for his &quot;Andante favori&quot; in the famous &quot;look&quot; scene over the fortepiano at Pemberley) and Paisello are all in there, as is some less familiar but no less delightful Country dance music.Especially noteworthy are the dances used at the Netherfield Ball i.e &quot;The Shrewsbury Lasses&quot; and &quot;Mr Beveridge's Maggot&quot;.The latter especially is a title that falls uneasily on modern ears perhaps but it is actually a very beautiful,courtly and stately dance that is choreographed to perfection and takes on even more significance when you consider that it is the first time that Elizabeth and Darcy take to the floor together and actually make physical contact (the opening step requires partners to exchange hands in passing) and the camera is thankfully careful to highlight this.<br />So whether it's a visual or aural (or both) treat you want,waste no more time in buying this brilliant DVD set.I fully guarantee that you will be entertained,amused,enchanted,delighted and excessively diverted in rapid succession,and ad infinitum, thanks to this miraculous new medium of digital versatile disc.
078322947X|5.0|When I was a teenager I first saw the trailer for this movie before a screening of John Frankenhiemer's Black Sunday and thought is was so cool I went back to see Black Sunday again just to see the tremendous Sorcerer trailer (which is included on the DVD). When Sorcerer did come out I saw it three or four times and went to see it at every retrospective I could find. (In the days before video, kids.) I, for one, know that Sorcerer should be letterboxed and I look forward to that version. For a long time the Paramount/Universal dual production held Sorcerer from going anywhere. <br />What makes me come back to watch Sorcerer over and over is the excellent intensity of the piece (especially the second hour), Freidkin's riveting direction, Owen Roizman's superb cinematography (greens, blues, tans), and Roy Scheider; always good in my book. (Except 52 Pickup, steer clear.) The international cast is excellent as well, especially Bruno Cremer.<br />Too bad they don't make 'em like this anymore. Great soundtrack from TD, too. Most suspenseful scene in any movie I can think of (at the bridge). Just as good everytime you watch it. Buy it, but hope it comes out in the original letterbox.<br />Grown-up and riveting!
1878574590|4.0|Marv, our protagonist, is a force of nature. Brutish, ugly, a man who has had a hard life and it shows. His one night of passion with a beautiful woman is destroyed by her murder. He decides to set things right. That's the story in a nutshell. Combine it with Miller's designs and you start to enter a new territory of graphic novel. The stunning visuals offset the rather bizarre story and you have a feast for the eyes. The novel has a visceral impact, you can't quite forgive the strange plot but you can't stop looking.
B00005ASOI|5.0|Finally Anchor Bay is releasing Suspiria!!! I can't wait for the tin!! This is the most beautifully done horror movie you could ever see...get it on DVD...it will look so cool....this movie is for real horror fans only, and not stupid Scream fans
B00003CXR1|4.0|It is right that &quot;Chocolat&quot; reminds a lot of &quot;Babette's Feast&quot; (Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film). Both stories are about tradition and how everything can be changed by just experiencing new things (in both cases food prepared by a foreign woman). But, although traditional, &quot;Chocolat&quot; stills an original story.  And &quot;one taste is all it takes&quot; to like this delicious motion picture.<br />There are plenty of sweets to be delighted in &quot;Chocolat&quot;: the story by itself, its original score and art direction, Judi Dench's performance; and the magnificent, and wonderful, and pretty Juliette Binoche, whose character, Vianne Rocher, is also part of a tradition and should be set free. And her chocolates....!!! But do not expect a comedy to surfeit of laughs, or a romance to surfeit of love, thought it is more like a drama, to find grace and reach satisfaction.
B000059R8Y|4.0|If your only interest in Eric Clapton is as a guitar god then this CD is probably not what you're looking for. But, if you're interested in Clapton the complete musician you'll be very happy with the results. Covering blues, rhythm &amp; blues, rock, soul and even a little jazz, this is Clapton's most diverse collection yet. There is no shortage of guitar, just not a lot of show-off soloing.His voice is in great shape, the band is tight and the songs are strong.
B00004XPPC|5.0|It may be hard for some in today's &quot;every man for himself&quot; mentality to relate to the strong personal honor that underlies many characters in this movie. The central 'combat of wills' is between Saito, the Japanese ruler of a prison camp deep in asia, and Nicholson, who is a traditional multi-decade British soldier that has lived his entire adult life within the rules and structure of that system. <br />As a lover of feudal Japanese culture, I found it fascinating as Saito claimed the heritage of &quot;Bushido&quot; (the 'way of the warrior' of the samurai), yet had no problem using all prisoners as slave labor in order to save his own neck. Instead of following the Geneva Convention and treating the prisoners as the &quot;rules&quot; insisted, he bent them in order to not have to commit seppuku (ritual suicide) because the train bridge was not finished in time.<br />On the other hand, Nicholson refused to allow Saito to use his officers as laborers (although he didn't seem to mind his *men* being sent off to work the tracks) and goes into The Oven to suffer as a consequence. Later, when work is running behind, he even goes into the hospital and talks the sick men into helping out - risking their health and lives for the 'common good' of the railway (which in fact is helping his *enemy*).<br />I wish the movie were a bit longer, so we could go even deeper into the various characters. Each one has been molded by time and experience into a certain lifestyle, and each has doubts at time that he has chosen the correct path. A fascinating movie.
B000001E8P|5.0|Im so happy I got to see them when they came to Los Angeles on thier &quot;Different Class&quot; tour. I almost lost my virginity at that show! ultra cool! I hope they come back to the states...anyways. what can i say that hasnt already been said if you've read the other reviews...buy this album or at least get a copy or something, its a classic....even 5 yrs after it came out its still makes my blood boil and reminds me of wonderful times spent growing up to pulp! too bad the britpop thing is kind of over now. Well if you like ... and you like music and doing ...  and you think society is kind of messed up with its priorities then you will dig pulp! I hope Jarvis and his band goes on to more success after britpop, from what ive read about his life, he really deserves any good things that come to him now and in the future! thanks Jarvis :)
B00003CXMG|5.0|I can't believe I waited so long to see this. I've always been a fan of Cameron Crowe's work (Fast Times, Say Anything, Singles, Jerry Maguire) but this film is his masterpiece. Warm, sympathetic characters, a amazing soundtrack, perfect pacing  - it's a complete package. Patrick Fugit delivers an astounding performance (made more so by the fact that he's a newcomer to major motion pictures), conveying a blend of naivete and enthusiasm that makes his character utterly believable. Kate Hudson portrays the intricate and subtle emotions of her character with ease and considerable skill, and rightly deserves her various nominations. The supporting cast are excellent as well, particularly Billy Crudup as the iconic lead guitarist and Frances McDormand as William's mother. And Phillip Seymour Hoffman is excellent as always as William's mentor Lester Bangs. The DVD adds 30 minutes of footage (though I didn't see the theatrical release so I can't tell where they are) and some quality extras including a &quot;making of&quot; documentary, the full text of Crowe's circa-1970s interviews for Rolling Stone (coverage includes Fleetwood Mac, Led Zeppelin, Peter Frampton and more), and even a music video for the fictional band Stillwater. Far and away one of the best movies in recent years, an instant classic.
B000025APX|5.0|Heard it over in Germany(for the first time).  These guys have music down.  Totally mean yet melodic riffs that pump you up.  The best track on the album is most definitely Last with Pagan Blood-- it even challenges Without Fear from Once Sent.  Not much one can say besides &quot;Pick it the f..k up!&quot;
0679721037|4.0|It is difficult for any one who didn't live through the time to comprehend the state of the world during the Second World War. And even if you were alive, it is impossible to relate to the pain and suffering that residents of Hiroshima faced during and after their city was bombed. John Hersey's journalistic account takes us into the lives of 6 people who were unlucky enough to have been there. The writing is graphic, depressing, and unflinchingly honest. It will leave you stunned.  And, hopefully, it will leave you wanting to do your bit to make sure nothing like it never happens again.
B00003CXRM|4.0|This movie is all American, great music and heartfelt acting. The critics, and the reviews below, all mention that the film is loosely based on Homer's, \\"Odyssey\\". A tag line begins the film mentioning the same. In an interview, the Cohen brothers stated they have not read Homer's poem. This makes a lot of sense when one remembers that the tag line for \\"Fargo\\" states the film is based on a true story; the Cohen brothers later said it is a fictional story. <br />With that said, I have to say that I believe \\"Oh Brother...\\" is loosely based on the movie, \\"The Wizard of Oz.\\" <br />Think back on these scenes and characters:<br />The bounty hunter is really the wicked witch. When they rescue their friend from the KKK reminds me of the scene when the Tin Man, Scarecrow and Lion rescue Dorothy from the witch's castle. All scenes on the road in \\"Oh Brother...\\" are tinted a yellowish color; hence follow the yellow brick road. The three characters led by Clooney are not seeking a treasure, but the Wizard to give them a pardon and that Wizard is the Governor. The flood near the end of the film is an analogy to the Tornado. Floating by are old tires, a dog and other items.<br />Next time you watch \\"Oh Brother...\\" think along these lines and you'll probably find more references to the \\"Wizard of Oz.\\"
0517122707|5.0|This became the most popular book in my office about 14 years ago. It was out of print. A very tattered copy was handed from person to person, and after each of us read it it became part of the office lexicon. It had a rubber band around it, and we were cautioned to take good care of this gem. A genius book, that I have just reordered as a gift. Iggy Reilly was, and will be, a riot to those who read this book. I laughed out loud.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This is entertainment at its finest: brilliant script, incredible performances, expert cinematography and skilful direction. Edward Norton is completely believable as your ordinary everyman who longs for something more than his cookie-cutter life. Brad Pitt delivers his usual strong performance, full of swagger and bravado, as the man who can (and will) change everything. This movie is not so much about fighting (though of course there's quite a bit of that) as it is about escapism, being someone you aren't or have always wanted to be. And believe me, in this film it's true - talk about a surprise ending! You won't see it coming, trust me. And DVD is truly the best way to appreciate this film. The four audio commentaries provide depth and detail - I recommend listening to the one featuring the director (David Fincher) and the principal actors (Norton, Pitt and Helena Bonham Carter). It's hilarious and makes you appreciate a lot of the subtleties of the film (and why Edward Norton dislikes those new VW Beetles). Disc 2 adds deleted scenes and alternate takes (with immediate comparison to the actual takes and notes explaining the choice), promotional materials (theatrical trailers, TV spots, even the mock PSAs done by Norton and Pitt), and some amazing &quot;making of&quot; footage with multiple-angle options. This one is a great addition to any DVD collection. PS: look out for a cameo by Live lead singer Ed Kowalczyk in one of the restaurant scenes, and try to spot the two subliminal images of Tyler Durden (Pitt's character) which are early clues to the surprise at the end.
B000059T5O|5.0|Make no mistake about it, this is an excellent CD.  Interestingly, unlike the traditional tribute CD's that have been released, these songs have been reinterpreted by both Hammonds and Tom Waits. <br />In fact, not only are these the songs of Tom Waits, but Tom Waits produced the CD and plays guitar or piano and back up vocals on all but one of the tracks.  Essentially, what you get is Tom Waits redoing his own songs with a slightly different sound and with a different vocalist.<br />The songs selected are from various 5 star Tom Waits CD's including the 1980 release of &quot;Heartattack and Vine&quot;, the 1988 release, &quot;Big Time&quot; and the 1992 &quot;Bone Machine&quot;. <br />Whether you want to call this an alternative takes CD, a tribute CD, or an oldies remake, one thing for sure is that it is both excellent and well made.  While I am sure Hammond deserves some credit here, my hat is off to Waits for finding a way to reintroduce some old tunes to some new fans.
B000002LQR|4.0|A lot of critics and fans of The Red Hot Chilli Peppers felt that they &quot;sold out&quot; with Blood Sugar Sex Magik.  The truth is, however, that RHCP matured wonderfully as they entered the early 1990's. <br />Two interesting aspects of this album are that it was recorded in a famous house in California (famous for the murders that took place there) and that there is a fair amount of background noise (such as talking, whistling, and hand-clapping) throughout the songs.  Most of the songs even run into each other, without fading out.  These elements give BSSM a very &quot;warm&quot; feeling, in that the listener feels like he/she is actually hearing these songs played live.  For instance, at the end of &quot;If You Had To Ask&quot;, Anthony and Chad are heard clapping and cheering at both John and Flea as they are playing their beautiful ending riffs.  Recording albums in a house versus in a traditional recording studio almost always yield results such as this. The artists are 100% involved in the process since they are (loosely speaking) &quot;living&quot; with their work, whereas attending the studio daily can often resemble going to a 9-5 job, in that when the recording day is over the artist can completely remove their concentration from the album.<br />Musically, Flea's bass lines stand out in particular, most notably because he is not simply playing the root notes of John's chords.  You can literally pick out Flea's bass lines as being distinct from John's guitar work on every song.  While this is certainly nothing new, it is quite refreshing to hear from a band that is lumped in with the (white) rock label.  Chad's drumming is also wonderful, as he plays extremely aggressive when needed, but can switch to a softer playing style when it is called for.  Anthony's voice is also quite beautiful, especially when he harmonizes with Flea. Anthony's lyrics are normally of the &quot;Walk This Way&quot;, 1970's Steven Tyler vein; however he also shows a much softerside on tracks such as &quot;Under the Bridge&quot; and &quot;Breaking The Girl.&quot;  The majority of the lyrics deal with sex, but not so much in a crude AC/DC way as you would be inclined to think.  Compare &quot;...she kept her motor clean...&quot; with &quot;I'll kiss your hair / your skin so bare / I'll take you with me girl, anywhere...&quot;<br />Overall, if you are a fan of the funk, or you just want to start a RHCP collection, I can't recommend BSSM enough.  Aside from a few mediocre lyrical passages and that maybe one or two of the more mundane tracks could have been replaced by the glorious single &quot;Soul To Squeeze&quot;, BSSM reaches a level of perfection that is truly awe-inspiring.  It is evident by the musicianship that RHCP displayed (as well as in the hand-written lyric sheet and photography in the booklet) that a lot of care was put into the making of BSSM, elevating it one notch above a person's average music-listening experience.<br />(If you liked BSSM, check out their DVD/video called &quot;Funky Monks.&quot;  It is a documentary made by some of their friends that chronicles the making of this album.)
B00004U30D|4.0|the best movie ever made about screwed-up families...kevin spacey's oscar victory is well-deserved. he is the film...his character's involvement with the teenage girl is cliched...though , thru her, he reaffirms his manhood....i remember back when the elder george bush was president; he made a comment about the television show,  the  simpons: &quot; we need an america more like the waltons, than like the simpsons.&quot; it was later rumored that george bush cheated on barbara;  and as his recovering addict frat-boy son now runs the country, movies about dysfunctional families are the norm.most families are screwed. some just hide their flaws better than others....
B00000IQW0|4.0|This was my favorite TV show when I was a kid, along with &quot;CHiPs&quot;. But like that show, it hasn't aged well. The props, costumes and hairstyles scream &quot;disco&quot;, unlike films such as &quot;Star Wars&quot; (which had a timeless quality) and &quot;Star Trek&quot; (futuristic realistic, with the possible exception of some disco duds in the first movie). Still a decent story, although I agree with some of the other reviewers that it seems improbable that the humans would simply turn tail and run across the galaxy instead of putting up a fight. And the whole idea of the Colonials being the possible ancestors of Earth's civilization has a sort of innate charm. Now, on to other matters: the DVD release serves to embarrasingly highlight how nascent SFX technology was back in the late 70s. There are scenes in which the matteing process (used to superimpose small flying spacecraft onto background visuals) is painfully evident. Check out the scenes in which Cylon raiders fly to their base ship, you can see the edges of the matte frames. It's pretty evident in just about any scene with small craft flying against a dark background. Shame they didn't do some CGI cleanup for the DVD release. Better yet, where's the full length movie (the one they show on the Sci-Fi channel)? The theme music still rocks though. Another note: the Dirk Benedict bio doesn't even mention &quot;The A-Team&quot; - what's up with that?
B000002AH1|5.0|i michael henderson was the bass player at the cellar door there were no others thank you.
B000059R8Y|4.0|A little disappointed by Pilgrim, I contemplated before I finally plonked down my cash for Reptile. To say that EC has returned to his roots here is far from right, but Reptile definitely has more to offer than Pilgrim. The change of feel is remarkable, and though there aren't too many searing solos, one has to admit that for sheer Slowhand goodness, this is great (albeit a slight deviation from regular Slowhand jamming). Superman is pure joy to listen to, and Broken Down is outstanding. And there are a good number of gems in this recording. It's not EC's best, but hey, it's not too far from it either.
B000001GQY|5.0|A truly Monumental and Titanical performance of the concerti, which rank up there with Arrau and Richter. Bravo!
B000055ZB8|4.0|Having just purchased the DVD of F.W. Murnau's great NOSFERATU, I'm intrigued by the way the mood of the film itself changes when different versions of the soundtrack are played.  This DVD contains two separate soundtracks: one is an organ score based on the original score used for this film in the days of the silent era, whereas the other is a modern orchestral symphony composed especially for this DVD by &quot;The Silent Orchestra,&quot; a.k.a. musicians Carlos Garza and Rich O'Meara.  The organ score is eerie and moody, but I find myself drawn more towards the modern-day score, with its drums and bells and string instruments.  Maybe it's because I grew up in the modern era of movies, where fully orchestral movie soundtracks are the norm.  In the silent days, of course, the soundtrack was provided either by a live organist or by playing a pre-recorded soundtrack (though I think the live organists were more popular - when theaters could afford them), so having a full symphony soundtrack was probably a rarity in those days.  NOSFERATU was a work of art, but I don't think it was a high-prestige film: since Bram Stoker's widow successfully sued the production company and the movie was ordered to be destroyed, I can't imagine that many high-brow, luxurious movie palaces would have screened this movie.  So the organ soundtrack was more of the norm.<br />But the orchestral score composed for this DVD is very appealing: it's almost 'avante-garde' in its use of instruments, especially with the way bells are used to create an eerie, dream-like atmosphere during the journey to the castle of Count Orlok.  I've heard of the controversy surrounding the 'modernized' soundtracks created for various silent films, such the Club Foot Orchestra's score for SHERLOCK JR. or the famous (infamous?) Moroder presentation of METROPOLIS...but in the case of NOSFERATU, I think the symphonic soundtrack works very well.<br />(The picture quality on the DVD is very good, as well.  I don't have the laserdisc issue of the film from the mid-1990s, so I can't say offhand which version has a better quality print.)he laserdisc issue of the film from the mid-1990s, so I can't say offhand which version has a better quality print.)
0140277447|3.0|I read this book because it was highly recommended. But this is clearly not an enjoyable subject.  Written by a college professor of Chinese descent, the author wants to prove that the Japanese brutalized the city of Nanking.  Since there were attempts to cover it up at the time, she seems intent on proving the &quot;Rape&quot; as fact.  Frankly, I have no problem believing it.  But this book quickly resorts to repeated tales of horror that are all about the same and eventually it was boring and I looked forward to the end.<br />Probably the best part of the book is when she told of the foreigners in the city who attempted to valiantly defend the citizens against the atrocities.  This was inspiring and interesting since it involved both Nazis and Americans.<br />This book has historical significance so it will appeal to history buffs as she clearly spent quite a bit of time on her research.  But don't expect a pleasurable read and I can't really recommend the book as I found it so depressing.  And that was probably her point in focusing on this atrocity that many consider to be as bad as the Holocaust.
B00004XONN|4.0|Radiohead have created a great album here.  They've taken the experimentation of Ok Computer to another level. Optimistic, Everything in its right place, and How to Disappear completely are my favorites.  I would say song for song Ok Computer is a better record but I like KID A more than the Bends. It took me about 5 listens to really start to enjoy it because it is so different, even by previous Radiohead standards so be patient.
B000001GQJ|4.0|Argerich's playing of the other stuff in this disc are not really my cup of tea, but her Sonata in B minor is marvellous. True, many people accuse Argerich of playing too fast and too virtuosic and not musical, which i think is true for the other stuff in this disc, but not the Sonata. This Sonata is a huge, singular-movement work which is split up into many linked sections, and Argerich plays them...well, uniformly fast. However this maintains a whole structure of the music, and makes the whole Sonata sound very unified, unlike people like Pollini, who make this Sonata sound like a bunch of bagatelles strung together. I must say the Sonata sounds great and her playing reveals the whole Grandeur of the music. Most probably you won't regret buying this disc
0440234743|4.0|...it was a good read.  I was expecting something a little more thrilling, a little more intense and exciting.  But the slower pace of this book still kept my attention.  Grisham has a good writing style and had no trouble getting me interested in the story, the location, the people.  Parts of it were like a travel documentary, but surprisingly I found it all interesting.  I was never at the edge of my seat, but never wanted to put the book down.
B000059HGY|5.0|I bought this video several years ago and have always been amazed how realistic it is. I can't wait for the new one to come out this year. See this movie if you haven't already. Great acting, story, the battle scene is unrivaled. No wonder they copied scenes  for other movies like Midway and the Final Countdown.
0786915749|5.0|This book is probably the best book I've ever read.  The authors do a wonderful job expressing the characters feelings, and thoughts.  Also, with eight characters, they do an excellent job making each of them different, from the hard nosed Sturm, to the care free Tasslehof.  The plot is excellent, and I believe an excellent opening to what promises to be a great series.
0790744759|5.0|i love this movie!  i saw the judy garland special &amp; they had a scene of meet me in st. louis    i rented &amp; watched it 3 times   its a cute story were judy is the older sister   well there was actually four girls   &amp; they loved &amp; wanted to stay in st. louis      with judy in love &amp; playing big sister &amp; her older sister getting married &amp; the father wanting to move to new york.   thing are very busy for her during the holidays. the best moment  in this film is the trolly song   the trolly song is a great song &amp;  its just one of the best musical scense  ive seen   if you like judy garland or love her like i do  i highly recomend  this movie
B00000IAU3|5.0|I bought this CD at the shop as a accessory to other buyings, it was more or less fast choice seeing it in top ten shelf. But I was more then pleasantly surprised to when I put it in my stereo. It has tenderness and soul exercise of Sarah Maclaclan and it has pitch performance of Cranbberies, both at its best. Maybe at some part it gets to remind you of Portishead, but in better way. It has it all from repudiating melanholy to aggresive I'm-much-better-then-this. It's a CD, that you come home from long day after work, you put it in your CD player and you can easily drift away, recharge yourself and carry on with your day.
0060987464|5.0|I was a fan before I read this novel (i have an autographed copy of it signed by Manson on my desk at home) but this novel didnt like most bios didnt start out &quot;this is why i am special and you should worship me&quot; Manson aka Brian Warner often pokes fun at himself and goes through the typical teen tramas and hardships growing up but this talented former journalist, brings the story of his rise to fame with lots of humor, personal and very embarressing infor such as his first kiss, first time with a girl, why he should never smoke marijuna, and friendships between his bandmates, his family life, and the when his girlfriend aborted their child. There are parts of the novel where Warner admitts he was crying in the process of getting out all the hurt inside. This book makes him especially human to not only his fans but his opponets too, and because it is such a quick read you dont want to put it down. I have convinced people that are not Manson fans to read this novel and loved it just the same and found it a facinating novel. I highly recomend it to everyone. Jyn- music journalist for chicago newspaper
0446677450|2.0|This book was purchased after a friend recommend I take a look at it. After the first few pages, I became a little bored. The book appeared to be more along the lines of what a motivational speaker would present to people who pay ridiculous amounts for the obvious. There may be something in it for someone, but for me, I didn't find anything that I didn't learn (just about on my own) through general life experiences. By the way, I had to stop reading it half-way through.<br />If you need help putting your thoughts into perspective, it might be good to read. Otherwise, use that money for a subscription to Fortune magazine.
B000001F5A|5.0|The music from &quot;Chariots of Fire&quot; is world famous. Unfortunately, few people are aware of &quot;Antarctica,&quot; a composition at least equally  fantastic. A previous community reviewer says the 1983 movie is mediocre. Was this film a documentary or work of fiction? I can't seem to  find any information whatsoever. Thus, it's a safe bet that Koreyoshi Kurahara's movie was not worthy of such incredibly beautiful music. I  probably listen to this sound track at least ten hours each month.  Vangelis has created a masterpiece that readily conveys the austere  coldness of Antarctica's vast and silent wilderness.  Tracks 3, 5. &amp; 7 are especially magnificent.  One readily imagines heroes facing  overwhelming obstacles and dangers.<br />The Academy Award voting members disgrace themselves when ignoring work deserving of honor merely because the overall movie  failed.  This is a scandal that should not be tolerated, but it is probably best not to hold one's breath waiting for change.  Nonetheless, the  disgraceful behavior of the Hollywood elite does not prevent the reader from purchasing a copy.  You will most assuredly find &quot;Antarctica&quot;  a worthy addition to your film score collection.
B00004XONN|4.0|God, I HATE this album! God, I LOVE this album! I want to throw it out of a window or burn it! I can't live without it!<br />Very hard to come to grips with. A slow, ponderous listen. But after about forty million tries, it will grow on you. You'll find yourself agreeing with my first paragraph completely - you want to listen to this all the time, but don't know why because it bugs you to death.<br />Keep listening. Radiohead always rewards the patient.
0064407667|5.0|I purchased this book for my son (11).  He gobbled it down in a day, and proceeded to books 2 and 3 in the next two days.  I also read each of these books after he'd finished with them. The rapid series of unfortunate events makes this a real page-turner.  I've heard no requests for extra TV time for the past three days.  What better way to make reading a habit, vs. a forced exercise?<br />I don't think these books are NEARLY as frightening as say, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.  While they may not be appropriate for children 8 and under, I think children above that age can appreciate this kind of outlandish misfortune for what it is.<br />Unlike other readers, I appreciated the author's explanations of unfamiliar words and phrases, and wish that more children's books would introduce unfamiliar vocabulary in this way.  While this may be distracting for adults, and it's true that children could just as easily look the words up in a dictionary, how many children will actually stop to do so?  My son was more likely to ask me the meaning of words after reading this book, vs. &quot;barreling on through.&quot;
B00003CXSP|5.0|From the moment the movie starts till the end credits the feeling of fear never leaves your mind in this excellent masterpiece of a movie.People like me who have read the book will be delighted by the screenplay and will be pleased with the small variations, which overall make the movie more exciting. This being the follow up to Thomas Harris` &quot;the silence of the lambs&quot; sees hannibal lecter in a much more sophisticated and calculating role, and even though the thought of him attacking is always possible, you will always prepare yourself for something just as disturbing as the ambulance scene from the silence of the lambs, where hannibal makes a mask of skin in order to escape from his cell.The way in which the movie refers to events from the silence of the lambs is also superbly done, as you watch it you will start to remember even the smallest details about scenes, and we even get to see some archive videos of hannibal, which we hear about in the silence of the lambs. Another nice touch is the way in which the character &quot;Barney&quot; was included.Barney, to recap, is one of the nurses who looked after hannibal in the dungeon, and although they werent exactly friends we here of what he and hannibal had to say to each other and how clarice intrigued him.The gore level in this movie out of 5 would be 6.Although the movie is not a wall to wall bloodbath some of the scenes will make you feel very shocked and disturbed.I personally think this is the best movie ever made by far, the story is not shadowed by hannibal fans lust for blood and the suspense,drama, and mystery are perfectly evened out on screen. The amount we learn about hannibal also compliments the story perfectly and how is able to read clarice like a book.     <br />This is the best movie ever made...                                    Ta Ta
B000035P7S|5.0|It's sad, but I'm obsessed with Marlon Brando. While everybody else was drooling over JTT and Leo DiCaprio, I was staring at the millions of pictures I'd gotten from various sites. And I mean, the young Marlon Brando. The Marlon Brando from 1950 (The Men) to 1958 (The Young Lions). In that time frame, he was cutest in Sayonara, and Sayonara was also his highest grossing film until the Godfather came along. Personally, I think Sayonara was the greatest movie he ever made. It touched every emotion from anger to romance to complete tragedy. And Brando should have won for best actor, though he was beat out by Humphrey Bogart (I think, don't quote me). Anyway, the movie is awesome, the man is attractive to no end, and now you have no reason not to see it! Do so, and fall in love.
0875845851|4.0|Comment: This review is done as a class project for the San Jose State University MBA e-commerce course by Ji Luo.<br />Dr. Christensen's book offered me a fresh perspective into looking at how large established business failed. As the author explained it, the standard process that governs sound management could be the same one that destroys the company. I found his use of graphics and quantities data sufficient as well as very useful in understand concepts such as the S-curve and the value networks. The detailed analysis shows that the author has done quite a bit of research into the topic and that makes the data more credible to me. His writing style is very easy to understand and organized. First few chapters go into how disruptive technology can destroy a company if not harnessed. His later chapters list guidelines on how to avoid the pitfalls. These guidelines are followed thoroughly by many case studies and quotes from industry leaders. While company's policies shouldn't be based on a few guidelines and the situations in a person's particular industry may find the guidelines hard to follow, the author's particular views are irrefutable and should at least be considered by the managers. It's really exciting to see him link the same principles to so many varying industries from high tech to low tech. The overarching principle of sustaining technology and disruptive technology and how a company should embrace it could be applied to any large established industry.<br />    People who are interested in the business world should read this book and should especially be read by top managers in large corporation because many of them are ultimately responsible for success or failure of implementing disruptive technology.       However, this is not a perfect book. I am a bit skeptical as to whether these rules apply to medium sized companies or companies with low margins. Therefore, my opinion is that the guidelines listed here really only applies to large organization with a lot of resources to divide. Also, The author sometimes repeat his points more than he should. He tends to concentrate so much on the hard disk drive industry that he left less room to get into deeper analysis into other industries.<br />    Overall, I think this is a great read for anyone interested in business and wondered about how large companies such as Montgomery Wards could go belly-up or why Digital Corporation disappeared from our vocabulary.
0684853523|5.0|If you are a struggling writer, this book is definitely for you. If you are a Stephen King fan, most of this book is for you.<br />It is amazing to have such a successful writer talk so openly about his craft. I grew up on his stories, so getting a peek at where they came from is like discovering your house has an extra room you never knew existed.<br />For me, as a writer, it was a real treat to get lessons from such a publishing giant. His take on where stories come from (they are unearthed like &quot;fossils&quot;) really hit home. I, for one, never cared much for the idea of outlining and planning out my stories. As he says, that stuff is for the rewrites. And his take on rewriting is great, too. It should be 80% of the first draft. The book is filled with nuggets of wisdom - a lot of which you've probably heard before, but never like this.<br />King is encouraging and awe-inspiring. If I have any problem with it, it's what my sister in-law wrote to me after borrowing my copy: &quot;He makes it all *so* easy!&quot;<br />Very highly recommended, especially for writers.
B000002ULO|1.0|Ah...Paul McCartney, still around, making lots of money, bringing out records, he could be ninety-six and people would still think he has a pretty face. Some things never change. He's also had more number 1s than everyone else put together (exaggeration). Why? It's because, however much you want to be sarcastic about it, he's a great composer of pop songs. <br />The World Tonight is a great sounding tune. Wait a second...it sounds a bit like bluesy Led Zeppelin, actually no...it sounds like middle of the road Beatles. Somedays is a nice acoustic effort, though I hope he wasn't thinking Yesterday again, 'somedays I laugh, I laugh to think how young we were'. Young Boy is my favourite song on Flaming Pie, highlighting the romantic that is McCartney, 'he's just a young boy looking for a way to find love'. Calico Skies sounds a bit like Blackbird (the White Album), only a bit though. It's yet another great romantic song, 'I'll hold you for as long as you like, I'll hold you for the rest of my life'.<br />Paul McCartney isn't much of a rocker. Even less now that he's lost some of his voice. But he's still got that ability to know by ear. And yes, I'd rather listen to this than Travis any day, even yesterday.
6304981635|5.0|I don't say a word about the movie itself as almost everybody who is looking for it, already knows it. What I want to say is that if you like your oldie-goldies  to be perfectly transferred to DVD - this one is THE one.  Picture: 5, Sound: 5 (not much of the back channels for  obvious reasons), Movie itself (in its category): 5. Average: 5!
B0000060NF|1.0|When listening to this record it's useful if you're a Christian hippie. An interesting point to make with all music is: does the listener have to be in the same state of mind as the musician in order to properly understand the music? There's nothing new to be said about What's Going On that hasn't already been said by many millions of other people. That is because What's Going On was a revolutionary record addressing such issues as religion, racism, pollution, love, poverty and, of course, peace. <br />All the main vocals are Gaye's. Some may think that a lot of music of this time is naïve, in that it's so optimistic (love this, love that...) To this must be said that a lot of the hippie artists had very many personal problems (Marvin Gaye = Troubled Man). In a way, their music was a way to express idealistic dreams that are hard pressed to happen in real life. <br />Really, the sound of this record will stay with you for a long time, from the religious wondering in 'God is Love' to the realism in 'Inner City Blues (Make Me Wanna Holler)' <br />It could also be said that Christianity is a myth. If that is so, it's a beautiful myth, one that has helped convey creativity.
B000001Y42|4.0|This the album that Limp Bizkit launched their carear with and its an album that is well respected.  Three Dollar Bill Yall is an album that is liked by so many people due to its sound and quality that its hard to see that its from the same people who gave us Chocolate Starfish And The Hotdog Flavoured Water.  This album contains greta tracks like Pollution, Nobody Loves Me and Indigo Flow.  This album is a great bench mark for other artists to follow and improve on.  (Track 9 is a cover of Faith by George Michael and its definetly worth a listen)
B00004S35Z|1.0|Stevie is really a wonder. Along with Marvin Gaye, Curtis Mayfield, Sly, James Brown and possibly Al Green, Stevie brought soul music to another level. From inside his mind, Stevie Wonder conjured images of beauty, pain, loss and so on, in mesmerising arrangements. <br />He must've been a busy man in 1970s, simply by the amount of classics that he brought out. Fulfillingness' First Finale possesses a light, uplifting touch, though it's certainly not candy floss!<br />Heaven Is 10 Zillion Light Years Away is a quality song, as if asking a question of belief. Like when people doubt religion, 'where is your God? That's what my friends ask me'.<br />There's that instantly recognisable Stevie Wonder sound on Boogie On Reggae Woman. It's difficult to classify these songs. Another one of these get down and do it songs is You Haven't Done Nothin'. Yes, I know there's a political and racial subtext to a lot of his songs.<br />Please Don't Go must've been some sort of hit. I'm sure I've heard it all round the place. It's a great, structured, song with a snappy melody. <br />It's quite easy for me to say that Stevie Wonder sees better than most people I know. Another example of greatness of mind.
B00000JCB2|5.0|I personaly think that is is Limp Bizkits best album to date and they are ging to have to go a long way to beat it.  (Choocolate Starfish And The Hotdog Falvoured Water came close but not close enough)  Significant other features tracks like Nookie and Breakstuff which are some of the best songs that i have heard.  Other standout tracks on the album are Nobody Like You and re-arranged.  Every Limp Bizkit fan should own this album as it is the best out of the lot, i have all three but this is the one that i listen to the most
B000002HJD|5.0|Anyone who truly enjoys poetry intelligently and sensibly will surely love this album. Here are some of Jim Morrison's best poems, incomparably delivered &quot;viva voce&quot; by Morrison himself. Not only are the poems excellent insofar as imagery, rhythm, and theme are concerned, but Jim's extraordinary voice texture, phrasing, and tone, make the album a pleasure to listen to. Unfortunately, most people who dare write negative opinions on Morrison's poetry have not even taken the time to do their homework and analyze the poetry. They never speak of Morrison's subject matter, themes, imagery, and relevance to real life experience. Certainly, Morrison must have been &quot;obsessed&quot; with many themes such as Death, but a poet to be a great poet must be &quot;obsessed&quot; with his work. This is Postmodern poetry, which reflects the tumultuous, fragmented world in which Morrison lived. His imagery is that of the big urban metropolis, with all its raw savagery, its danger, adventure, and, yes, also, its own particular beauty. Morrison's imagery in these poems, his &quot;little stories,&quot; are not one-dimensional, flat statements in poetic form. They are accute and meaningful observations of the world which reveal the sensibility and artistry of the author, who, by the way, formed an essential part of that world. Oh, and, by the way, The Doors musical adaptation is great. Jim would have loved it. This is a great buy. I strongly recommend this album.
B000056K04|5.0|I don't see what the problem is. I've listened to this album three times, and to me it sounds like could come from nobody but Dave Matthews Band. So he picked up an electric guitar. Good! Isn't it nice that Mr. Matthews isn't limited to just one style?
B000056K04|4.0|There are alot of good songs on this album but none of them have the potential to make this album as good as some of Dave's earlier work.  Some of the good songs are: Everyday, Dreams of Our Fathers, So Right, and If I Had it All.  This album is better than BTCS in that you can listen to the album all the way through without being forced to skip any tracks.  It also has a new found energy that only previously existed in Under the Table and Dreaming.  The other band members do sound like session musicians and the tracks are short compared to other albums.  I heard that Dave wrote all of the new songs in just nine days.  The highpoints of the album are its energy, different sound, and the fact that the songs are very up-beat.  The low points of the album are the fact that its mostly a Ballard/Matthews effort without much of the creative energy of the rest of the band, and the fact that some of the songs Dave wrote just aren't as powerful and good as his earlier stuff.  But even if this isn't Dave's best album it still is a really great album in my opinion. This album actually will grow on you if you listen to it enough.  It's worth buying but be prepared for something different.
6305908648|5.0|In 1969 Deep Purple broke new ground by writing and performing The Concerto for Group and Orchestra.  Thirty years later, they did it again, only better.  I have owned the LP, CD, bootlegged VHS tape, and the laser disk of the original recording.  Now with the CD and DVD, my collection of one of the most amazing classical rock concerts ever made is complete.  Now if I can just see them live...<br />Deep Purple was the first band to truly demonstrate the concept of Symphonic Rock.  YES, Tull, and even Metallica are all Johnnie Come Latelys.<br />How does one improve upon perfection... get this DVD and see for yourself.  And to the guy who commented on Steve Morse (the new kid), Morse makes Ritchie Blackmore seem like an old arthritic blues picker... Steve Morse reinvented Deep Purple and it shows.
0812589041|5.0|I am a 50 year old physician, and have an original 1965 Chilton Publisher's edition of DUNE. Enough said. I don't read a lot of science fiction, largely because I love the genre and tend to nitpick a lot of the stuff that is out. But &quot;Ender's Game&quot; to me is simply one of the finest works of speculative fiction that I have ever read. <br />One measure of great art is simply its ability to move people. Shall we agree that the more than 1300 reviews of this book posted to this web site is proof enough that something extraordinary occurs here? <br />I was touched by this work in a way that rarely occurs for me, and it is not a stretch to say that the only reason I did not cry from the sheer beauty of this story is that I didn't have the privacy I needed. <br />Some fine points. Assuming the &quot;buggers&quot; were truthful in this story (and I will be vague for those who may not have read the book) their behavior upon encountering a spacefaring species was out of character and overly aggressive. If we, while on a scouting trip for new worlds to colonize, encountered a species of insects, piloting space ships, would we attack them? And then, send a follow-up colonization fleet? The Queen's &quot;guilty, with an explanation&quot; offering seems a bit of a reach, given the poetry of her words and the interspecies friendship that was offered after the fact. (I have not yet read &quot;Speaker for the Dead.&quot;)<br />But this is a tiny issue, sort of like saying that Da Vinci should have painted palm trees in the backgroud of the Mona Lisa. This is one of the four or five best science fiction stories I have ever read. A great, great work.If you love science fiction, you must read this work.<br />Thank you, Mr.Card.
6305127638|4.0|I'm a Star Trek fan who prefers the original series (Kirk, Spock, McCoy, Scotty, etc.).  Nevertheless, &quot;Star Trek: First Contact&quot; is a better than average movie that should appeal to most sci fi fans, even if they don't know much about Star Trek.  There is plenty of action and suspense, and the special effects are simply tremendous.
B00004XQ83|5.0|I grew up in South Texas... as South as you can get, actually, before you're neck deep in the Gulf of Mexico.  I remember my grandmother (everyone called her Granny)humming and singing &quot;I'll Fly Away&quot; and other hymns while I was growing up, instilling in me an intuitive sense of Blue Grass music.  This soundtrack was like going home again.  When Alison Krauss sings &quot;Down In the River to Pray&quot; I start getting that old Baptist itch to start dunkin' everyone I know and hollerin' Amen!<br />This is definitely a winner, a perfect compliment to the film.  It is haunting and provocative, captivating to the very last note.
0060920386|5.0|I read this book in 1990, and it remains the most impressive book on the business world I have ever read.  Before I read this book, I thought the guys at the top had well-thought out plans and strategies for their companies - this book showed the flaw in that thinking.  It was entertaining and an exciting book that exposed the reality of Wall Street and big business.  It is the end of innocence for those who think strategic planning matters and thoughtful people are in charge somewhere.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Santana has put together an eclectic blend of performers and musical styles as the backdrop in this one spectacular album.  To this rich blend, he adds his crisp, soaring, and soulful guitar artistry.  The combination of these ingredients creates a rich tapestry of outstanding musical expression.  The album kicks off with the upbeat latin rock number &quot;(Da Le) Yaleo&quot; in which Santana's brilliant guitar riffs soar above the rhythm section, horns and vocals in an amazing synergy of musical energy.  In the second track, Santana has a musical conversation as Dave Matthews sings &quot;Love of My Life&quot; in which Matthews glides into the song with his casually hip vocal elegance, with Santana echoing back the melody on his guitar and throwing in some well placed riffs that are right on time and blend together nicely.  In &quot;Put your Light On,&quot; Santana teams up with the deep voiced vocalist from Everlast for a profound and mysterious performance, that'll have you singing along.  Also included on the album is the highly popular single &quot;Smooth&quot; that he co-wrote and performed with Rob Thomas of Matchbox Twenty.  The title describes the song well it is definitely smooth- and the guitar playing is unparalleled in recent popular music.  Santana definitely deserves the grammy he got for this one!  He also teams up on the album with R &amp; B sensation Lauren Hill and rapper Wyclef Jean, as well as Eric Clapton.  Now how many outstanding rock guitarists do you know of that have rounded up that much diverse talent all on one album?  Not many at all...Supernatural is an amazing CD- if you love great guitar music- you'll love this one.
B00000J6AG|5.0|This is the best CD i own. I like every track from it. &quot;Honey&quot; - great beat, very creative. &quot;Find My Baby&quot; - the vocal is a litle annoying, but the song is still very good and funky. &quot;Porcelain&quot; - very beautiful, Moby's voice is soothing and so is the additional voice sample. &quot;Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad?&quot; - great song, very beautiful, nice voice samples. &quot;South Side&quot; - very, very funky. Great song. &quot;Bodyrock&quot; - great, funky song, with rap samples. &quot;Natural Blues&quot; - beautiful song, great voice samples. &quot;Machete&quot; - hard and smooth at the same time. &quot;7&quot; - odd, original, cool. &quot;Run On&quot; - catchy, good lyrics. &quot;Down Slow&quot; - very relaxing and great. &quot;Rushing&quot; - great song. &quot;If Things Were Perfect&quot; - great voice samples, mesmorising. &quot;Everloving&quot; - well-written and performed with talent. &quot;Inside&quot; - smooth and cool. &quot;Guitar Flute &amp; String&quot; - soothing and cool. &quot;The Sky Is Broken&quot; - beautifully written and soothingly performed. &quot;My Weakness&quot; - spiritual and soothing. Awesome album.
B00000DHZJ|5.0|This compilation puts together the core of Hendrix's well-known classics all on one CD.  It is a good place to start if you are new to Hendrix and want to get a well-rounded sampling of his best music.  They are all AWESOME songs filled with genius, creativity and passion- which is what Jimi's music is all about.  He paints a vivid picture both with his guitar, and with his words.  I was glad that they included four songs from his last album \\"Rays from the New Rising Sun\\" on this compilation as well- \\"Freedom\\", \\"Angel\\", \\"Nightbird Flying\\", and \\"Dolly Dagger\\".  If you are amazed by what you hear on this compilation, he made a lot of really fine recordings in those few years in the late sixties before his untimely death in 1970.  Also worth checking out from Hendrix:  \\"Axis: Bold as Love\\", \\"Are you Experienced?\\", among others.  His live recordings are awesome also- for instance the \\"BBC Sessions\\" and \\"Woodstock\\" sessions.  Experience Hendrix, he remains one of the true pioneers and geniuses of rock guitar.
B00003CXMG|1.0|Judging by what makes it up classic rock radio these days, it's no wonder so many people liked this nostalgia bore fest. Just like the dinosaur music that makes up this self-indulgent Cameron Crowe flick, it's full of itself.  if anything this movie explains why punk/new wave jumped up and attempted to erase this acid trip from memory. Crowe continues to push this bloated illusion of what real rock n roll is. The only thing he got right was Lester Bangs sitting around blasting Iggy Pop and the MC5. Note to Kate Hudson: Just becasue you date Chris Robinson doesn't mean you can act in a rock flick.
B00000HYXB|5.0|Despite what the review above may say, this album not only contains some of the best metal I've ever heard it also Follows Tolkien's THE SILMARILLION very well. Any Tolkien fan will love this album, same as anyone with a taste in good music. Bling Gardian definittley out did themselves with this one. Every song on this album is great! I highly recommened this album to anyone.
B000001ED1|5.0|This is one of my favourite rock albums of all time. I can never get tired of listening to it. Joan has such a wonderful unique, powerful voice. At times soulful, other times sultry, she can also power-rock with the best o' them. Her cover of Bob Dylan's &quot;Man in the Long Black Coat&quot; has a dark undertone to it. Goosebump creating!  She is also a great songwriter, having written or co-written a lot of the songs on this album. She finally has a new album out after a few years, and I will most definately buy that one soon. This is an album of immense depth...every song is great...the lyrics intelligent. A must have for any one who enjoys well crafted songs.
B000001DTM|5.0|not to mention the definitive rock album of the nineties! U2 emerged during the post punk new wave 2nd british invasion.Lumped together with MTV groups like duran duran and culture club,U2 created their reputation with incendiary live performances. &quot;War featured raw,powerful, driving hard rock songs.''Sunday Bloody Sunday&quot; and &quot;New years day&quot; are still vital songs to this day.&quot;The Unforgettable fire&quot; featured more of the same and they had their breakout album with &quot;The Joshua tree&quot;. In the mid to late eighties  artistic wasteland of hair bands like cinderella,bon jovi and poison,U2 looked forward as everyone else recycled the past.The awful muddled sounds of the black crowes was derivitave of rod stewarts 1975 hit &quot;stay with me&quot; which was terrible in of itself.it represented the worst of 70's rock.Plodding,ponderous, and grooveless.(and if that was not bad enough their was disco!)Bad singers of bad bands like david coverdale of whitesnake, and even a good singer like axel rose of guns and roses(the only other fresh rock band at the time) were ripping off robert plant's intonations.U2 took brian eno and daniel lanois into the studio with them and they applied the same ambient synthesizer shadings that they had used on micheal brooks &quot;Ultramine&quot; CD.The electronic intros of &quot;till the end of the world&quot; and &quot;whos gonna ride your wild horses&quot; blended into perfectly crafted pop songs. i can only describe &quot;Ultra violet way&quot; as ambient rock doo wop. &quot;Even better than the real thing&quot; has a great groove and is driven by Edge's guitar.Edge also sounds great on &quot;Until the end of the world&quot;, building to creshendos and splintering into subtle shadings.&quot;One&quot; is one of their most emotional songs ever.A dialetic about about a bittersweet romance juxtaposed with the terror of living with AIDS, the song is filled with sadness and regret,but ultimately tinged with hopeand the power of the human spirt.Bono's lyrics are more personal and emotional here, free of the political fervor and didacticism of &quot;God part II&quot;  on &quot;Shake Rattle and Hum&quot; and &quot;bullet the blue sky&quot; and &quot;red heel mining town&quot; on &quot;The Joshua tree&quot;. Even the darker themes in &quot;world&quot;,&quot;zoo station&quot;, and &quot;The Fly&quot; are tempered in their pessimism.U2s followup to &quot;Achtung&quot;, &quot;Zooropa retains some of the electronic shadings and crisp melodies,though the overall results are mixed.After getting the ambient techno experimentations out of their system on the dissapointing &quot;Pop&quot;  its great to see them recapture their energy on ATYCLB.&quot;Walk on&quot; and &quot;Wild honey&quot; are great pop melodies and the grammy winning &quot;It's a beautiful day&quot; is self explanatory in the groups renewed enthusiam and optimism.Into the next millenium of rock,U2 leads the pack while keeping their distintive styles and innovations.
B00004U5SC|5.0|I loved this movie when I was a little boy. I couldn't wait till I got home so I could strap on my six-gun. Now, when I watch it, I strap on my Glock. (-;
B00000IGGA|1.0|Anyone who doesn't notice a major decline in Tom Waits since the 80s is in need of counselling. He is rewriting himself endlessly, and it ain't funny any more. He has no new musical ideas, and especially he has no tunes any more, and he appears to be successfully covering that up by using the patent Sound of the Primeval Soup routine on every track, which has the effect of making the thing superficially aurally attractive. But, for instance, Eyeball kid is a rewrite of 16 Shells, and when you look at the lyrics of House Where Nobody lives, you have to wonder - this from a guy who wrote three whole albums (Swordfishtrombones, Raindogs &amp; Frank's Wild Years) where almost every line was a jewel. He drops into his sentimental-barroom mode on three occasions, and never gets within a country mile of Soldier's Things or Jonestown Illinois or... you name em. The chorus of approval given to this album is proof that most people are happy to be persuaded of something they want to believe. Truth is that right now Tom Waits is played out.
B000000XB9|5.0|Unlike many other bands, CCR does not omit some of their best songs from their greatest hits album.  I would definitely recommend this album to anyone.
B000056K04|3.0|As a long time Dave fan, I looked forward to this album. I can't say that I'm thrilled with it, but its not a bad effort. There are some okay songs (The Space Between, Everyday, Angel). However, it doesn't sound like the traditional DMB stuff and this disappointed me.<br />This will probably be a sucessful mainstream album, but I found it a bit to 'popish' for my liking. If you want to really hear what DMB sounds like go for the classics like Crash or Under The Table and Dreaming.
0345428064|5.0|Remote Control is an unbelievably exciting story about ex-SAS agent Nick Stone. While in D.C. on what is typically described as spy work, he discovers the vicious murder of an old friend and his family. He grabs seven-year-old Kelly, the only survivor of the massacre, and finds himself being pursued by his friend's killer(s). Now tangled in the &quot;world of IRA deals, drug cartels, and messy TransAtlantic politics,&quot; Nick doesn't know where to turn or who to trust. The best part of McNab's novel, however, is the characters. They are so real that they easily drag you into the story. I found myself gripping the book so tightly whenever they were in immediate danger, that my knuckles were bright white... have fun trying not to fall in love with Nick and Kelly!
0393317552|4.0|\\"Guns, Germs, and Steel\\" is one of those books that makes sense, expresses an idea that is so simple and clear, that it is very convincing.  Is it correct?  Who knows?  It's a theory, and an elegant one.<br />Basically, the book boils down into that old anxiom about the monkeys at typewriters, that if you get enough of them together for enough time, one of them will type the complete works of Shakespeare.<br />You'll hear people claiming the book is \\"political\\" or \\"flawed.\\"  And it is, to some extent.  But Diamond effectively backs up his major points with convincing data, enough to force us to consider his points.<br />However, some critics go so far as to claim that Diamond doesn't consider culture or politics as factors in technological advancement.  This is patently untrue.  Diamond stresses the cultural and political factors in population advancement.  Those populations with more resources, larger numbers, and more time had the ability to develop sophisticated cultures capable of supporting inventors, artists, and politicians capable of making great changes.<br />Other critics cite biological differences in humans, saying that Diamond purposefully ignores these differences.  This might be true, but not important.  After all, if all humans evolved from a common set of ancestors, how could biological differences evolve apart from environment?  Again, place and time trumps.<br />Naturally, the book's loudest opponents are those who feel threatened on a personal level by Diamond's thesis.  Those who want to cherish the accomplishements of their ancestors.  Those who feel that political systems are the result of the character of the people .....  Those who feel comforted by the color of their skin.
B00000J7J4|4.0|A very nice blend of music tied together with a Spanish beat and Carlos Santana's super fast guitar licks.  There's a little something for everyone on this disk no matter what your musical tastes are.  This disk certainly lives up to its hype and when you listen to it you will understand why it won 9 grammy's.
B000002H2H|5.0|I JUST HAVE TO SAY THAT THE &quot;FADE TO BLACK&quot; SONG BY METALLICA IS THE MOST AWESOME SONG EVER. IT HAS TO BE MY FAVORITE SONG BY FAR! IF NO ONE HAS HEARD IT, WHICH YOU MUST BE THE ONLY ONE ON THE PLANET, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND YOU DO AND JUDGE FOR YOURSELF! IT IS DEFINITELY A &quot;MUST HAVE&quot; IN ANYONES CD COLLECTION.
0684803356|5.0|For Whom The Bell Tolls is one of the best books I've ever read.  I've only been alive for 16 years, and I've read many books, but this makes the top.  I loved the classic war epic about it.  And the fact that there was a slight love story weaved into it made it all worth while.  Robert Jordan could solve any problem that he ran across with whatever resources he had.  I personally rate this as one of Hemingway's best and suggest that anyone who enjoys classic war stories read this book.
B00005AACC|1.0|There is only one problem here: from the word &quot;go&quot;, youll see this movie has no soul. Im not complaining about the lame plot, the bad acting, the ridiculous villain, of the new RAMBO born  all of a sudden in Ethan Hunts character, of the silly &quot;love triangle &quot;. No. I could live with it although not liking it. But the fact that the movie is clearly driven by greedy to make money astonished me. Even though I dont admire Cruise as an actor, in general he chooses good scripts and tries to give his best. But in this one, he clearly went into a ego trip, looking for huge money in the summer movies. A sad attempt, on of the worst John Woo movies ever, a bad sequel.
B000059R8Y|1.0|This is Eric Clapton at his worst. Very little guitar playing and what's left are his strained vocals. There is no energy on this disc. Most of it sounds like poor lounge music. What has happened to Clapton? His last two discs are weak, at best.
B000002MG1|5.0|I'm a huge REM fan and have all their cd's but this is my favorite.  &quot;Try Not Breathe&quot; reminds me a Great Lakes song in it's musical arrangement in which the speaker is choosing to die. &quot;Everybody Hurts&quot; is probably a classic by now.  It's the ultimate anti-suicide, it's okay to cry song.  &quot;Sweetness Follows&quot; is one of REM's most haunting compositions.  It's a tale of death and family and we lose track of each other.  &quot;Nightswimming&quot; is a beautiful song about youth and what is what like to be out with friends on summer nights.  Lastly, there is the song &quot;Find the River&quot; which is about growing up and finding your way in the world.  This is REM's most beautiful and haunting masterpiece.  It's amazing musical and lyrical achievement.  Also, Michael Stipe actully laughs on the song &quot;The Sidewinder Sleeps Tonite&quot; and does an impression of Elvis on &quot;Man on the Moon&quot;.  This is REM at their quirky best!
B00004W5UA|5.0|It is a rare occurrence when one finds a movie that can captivate a viewer and suddenly and without warning turn everything around to the point where the person says,  &quot;Wait a MINUTE!&quot;  David Fincher's masterful and exciting film FIGHT CLUB does more than simply entertain.  It blows the mind!  Edward Norton plays the un-named narrator and average-guy insomniac who becomes obsessed with self-help groups,  though nothing is seriously wrong with him.  When he meets another &quot;faker&quot; as he calls himself,  he becomes mixed up with Marla Singer(Helena Bonham Carter),  a chain smoker with suicidal tendencies.  Norton flies around the country assessing car damages for his job,  and on a particular flight he meets Tyler Durden(Brad Pitt).  Tyler is the epitome of stylish,  cool,  and without a doubt the one man who can do anything.  Norton's apartment mysteriouly explodes,  and Durden allows Norton to stay with him.  Together,  they discover a certain animal pleasure in fighting.  They form an underground FIGHT CLUB where men meet and simply fight each other.  Soon however,  this organization will become much more than just a club.  Edward Norton gives a phenomenal and mesmerizing performance and establishes himself as one of the best young actors of our generation.  Brad Pitt is simply amazing as Durden, playing a role that only a gifted actor could accomplish.  Helena Bonham Carter gives a surprisingly powerful performance as Marla and gives the character tons of dimension.  Also great is the supporting performace by Meatloaf,  an ex-bodybuilder with testicular cancer.  David Fincher has directed a fast-paced,  humorous,  and spectacular film whose most incredible and surprising twist near the end will knock you off your seat!  I cannot tell you what that is however.  It is something you must find out on your own.
B00003CXN4|2.0|The underlying plot(s)/theme for this movie could have ended up with a very good movie.  The acting was great, don't get me wrong, but there were several things wrong with it that would make me give it a negative recommendation.  First off, literally everyone that I've asked about this movie generally didn't like it.  Ranging from &quot;it was *ok*&quot; to &quot;I felt like I was going to throw up afterwards for wasting my time&quot;.  To me, the movie was slowly paced, predictable, and had no memorable soundtrack, which made for a very boring experience, it's just not a good sign when you start looking at your watch 30 minutes to an hour into the movie.  Not to mention that there were three concurrent stories being told, and you never really got the sense that either of them had anything to do with the other.  Two of the &quot;stories&quot; did intertwine somewhat, but you still never really got the sense that they should be in the same movie together...<br />The makers obviously did something right, judging by the response from a lot of people, but they obviously did something wrong as well, when you have a lot of people who sat through the movie just wondering when it will finally be over...<br />I don't know, this was a really &quot;love it or hate it&quot; kind of a movie, so if you haven't seen it, and aren't sure you are going to like it, I'd pool some money with friends and rent it when it comes out, that way, if you like it, you've only spent a buck (or less) to see it, and then you can spend your money on the DVD, but if you happen to not like it, you're only out a dollar (plus a couple of hours).
B000056ULS|5.0|I fell in luv. 'Here with me' over the PA in Circuit City... Getting this IMPORT will be the best of both worlds-the 2 DVD Videos are on here-I only hope they play on a Mac, and a bonus track not on the US CD plus a cooler, slightly different cover. Im there, dude!
0782008372|1.0|i like this movie but the quality of this dvd is the worst i have ever seen. marvtubacaz
B00000IQBL|5.0|Full Metal Jacket is actually like two different films. The first film focuses on marine boot-camp training on Parris Island, South Carolina. Here Drill Seargeant Hartman (Played by Lee Ermey, a former D.I himself) turns these men, with force and foul language, from Maggots to Marines. One private, Leonard Lawrence, is harrased by Hartman before he decides to take matters into his own hands. The main charcter in this part and the second part, which is Vietnam itself, is Matthew Modine as Private Joker<br />In the second part, Modine is a war corespondant for Stars and Stripes during the Tet Offensive. The end of the film may surprise you. <br />All in all, both parts of this film are excellent. And the film is amazing, entertaining and halirous. But a word of advice: For people who have been watching too much Barney the Dinosaur, due to the violence and language of the film, this is not for you. But for people eager to learn about Vietnam, people who want to see how marines are trained (at least in the Vietnam era) or for fans of Stanley Kubrick, Full Metal Jacket is for you!
B00000IAU3|5.0|I bought this album on a whim after hearing bits and pieces of it and I'm so very glad that I did.  The artists voice was so soft and smooth that the album just sucked me right and and let me float away with the sounds as if I were floating in a river of warm honey.  I feel that most of the songs were about love, which is a nice topic, but I would have liked to hear some variety in the choice of topics, beyond that though it was just plain blissful to listen to.  I give the album two enthusiastic thumbs up and I am looking forward to hearing what this lovely lady comes up with in the future.
B000059R8Y|5.0|Reptile is a little different, with a jazzy flavor in parts. While some of Eric's fans will continue to wait for the return of Derek &amp; the Dominos, don't kid yourself, this is an EXCELLENT CD. Eric's guitar playing is flawless, and his vocals are as strong as ever. The overreliance on &quot;drum programming&quot; (yuck!) found on Pilgrim is absent from this one. Forget any negative views the critics may have, and just watch this CD on Grammy night.  Nice job Eric!
B00003CXFV|4.0|Usually I don't go for movies like this one. I usually like light hearted comedies but I'm glad I watched this. It has some strong language in it so if you are so set against that, don't watch it but if you want to see how one person can help others with no reservations and go to unlimited ways to expose illegal operations and cover-ups of big corporations then watch this movie. Julia Roberts is outstanding in portraying one of the most strong-willed and determined but caring and loving persons God has created. An oscar for Julia and a standing ovalation for Erin. And the next time you're feeling helpless and insignificant and maybe having a pity-party, think and act on your own potential. With God's help, you can do more than you think.
B000056K04|1.0|I don't proclaim to be a huge DM fan.  But I do enjoy the funky grooves they sometimes pull out of their ensemble.  This album doesn't do it for me at all.  Its over produced-  slightly dreary- and uninspired.  Its all too common-  band makes mucho money-  band becomes uninspired.
B000007U5G|5.0|I have been fortunate enough to follow Glenn's music in its many styles and stages. One thing that is always true abou Glenn is his remarkable rane as a singer and his feel for the vibe of the music. This album is a true example of that range and vibe. The energy and flow of the album along with the song selection (and performance)makes it my pick for album of the year. No matter if the boy can sing the blues or sing Stevie Wonder remakes no singer takes you into the void the way Glenn does. Despite having 38 albums that feature Glenn's vocals, this along with Feel always top my play list.
B00003CXE7|2.0|&quot;Gladiator&quot; was the box-office blockbuster of 2000, so you probably should see it if you haven't seen it already, just to be informed.  Still, this is a mediocre and vastly overrated film-- both as a would-be epic and as an action film-- and don't let all the hype and hooplah fool you into thinking otherwise.<br />I first saw  this movie in the theater when it came out.  I was unimpressed.  I just rented it again on DVD to find out whether I missed something the first time.  If I did, I missed it the second time as well.  I still don't think it's a great movie.  In fact, I still don't even think it's a *good* movie.  In my book, I'd say it's just a bit below mediocre.  If I were giving this a grade, I'd say it was a solid C-.  In this review, I try to explain why.<br />In the spirit of optimism and fairness, I'll start with what I liked about the movie, before I come to my dislikes.  I generally like the first half an hour or so.  In fact, I think the opening scene of pre-battle preparation (before the legion's battle with the Germans) is the movie's high point.  Even after the battle, there's still a lot of good stuff going on here: good tension and contrast-setting between characters with different values and ambitions (Marcus Aurelius vs. Maximus vs. Commodus).  <br />Unfortunately, after the first half an hour, it's all downhill .  Largely, I think, this is the fault of the writers.  The story, as it is told, is just too implausible-- even within the internal world of the movie.  At no point is my disbelief in the  contrivedness of the plot ever suspended.  The characters' actions seem to make little sense, given their place, position, and the circumstances in which they find themselves.  <br />At the same time, the movie's plot is boringly  predictable.  There are no dramatic surprises, no sudden reversals, and when tension appears, it is usually a brief bubble brought about by some very good acting by Joaquin Phoenix (such as during the &quot;busy little bee&quot; confrontation), doing the best he can with a sub-par script.<br />The plot contrivances that are mixed in along the way rarely rise above the level of cliche--  and many lack any real relevance to the overall story. Take Commodus' incestuous attraction to his sister.  It's extraneous and never goes anywhere-- except maybe to reinforce the (already well established) idea that he's a creep.  In truth, Commodus, degenerates into a parodic strereotype of a corrupt and decadent tyrant after the scene where he kills his father.  All that complex characterization that appeared at the beginning just gets tossed out  the window.  The same is true for his sister as well.  Initially, she's supposed to be a ruthless schemer, a  skilled liar, etc., but she degerenates into a naive love interest with so little skill at intrigue that she can't even keep a crucial secret trom her eight-year-old son, or stand up to a few threats by her brother.   As for Maximus itself, do we really have any sense of what's motivating him after he gets captured?  Is it a desire for vengeance?  A sense of duty to Marcus Aurelius?  Love for Commodus' sister?  Duty to the principles of Rome?  Ambition?  It certainly doesn't seem like any of those are at work here.   To me, it seemed like the only thing really motivating his  actions was that the script said he was going to do them...<br />I also have some gripes about the historical aspects of this movie.  No, I'm not just talking about little details-- like the fact that swordsmen in the arenas always wore helmets, or that Marcus Aurelius died fighting the Dacians (not the Germans) or even that Commodus' reigned for 12 years rather  than six months-- those are just historians' nitpicks.  My gripe is the bizarre decision to make Commodus into an wimp with little taste for (or skill in) battle. Far from being the milquetoast wuss that he's been made into here, the historical Commodus grew up in the legion camps with his father and was verymuch as soldier and commander.  He also loved gladiatorial fights, and  yes, was even known to participate in them himself in order to increase his  popularity with the masses. It seems to me that this would have been something that the makers of this movie would have wanted to *use* rather than to change.   Doing so could have made Commodus' decision to go out into the arena at the very end seem believable.  It also would have helped to make that final battle into something that was worthy of the name-- an epic struggle between two great warriors.  I think it also would have helped  illustrate some of the points about modern-day mass political culture that Scott was trying (unsuccessfully) to comment on in the film.<br />I'm not even going to get started on some of the strange unhistorical (and IMHO, largly ideological) representations that were made here to 'sanitize' Roman culture to make it (and Maximus) seem so much nicer and palatable-- such as the decision to present slavery and gladiatorial schools as phenomena of 'foreign' Africa rather than as native Roman institutions), or the fact that when Maximus thinks about his villa in Spain, he imagines it as this pastoral setting with just his wife and children, with no allusion to all of the slaves who would have done the actual work there.   <br />All that said,  I think I could still forgive all of the faults I allude to above (and many others  I'm not bothering to mention) if  the combat scenes kicked butt.  But, they don't.  In fact, the action scenes here are embarassingly awful.  At first, I thought the weird and jarring photography during the opening battle  (between the Romans and the Germans) was supposed to be an artistic effect to simulate the confused and fragmented experience of battle (like the landing sequence of &quot;Saving Private Ryan&quot;).  But, as the same thing cropped up again and again in each gladiatorial combat-- and even in a few scenes involving more mundane action (e.g. Commodus stepping out of a litter)-- I'm convinced that there's just really *bad* editing throughout this.   (The worst was during his battle with the Gaul and the tigers.... the action here looks about the same quality you might find on a 1950's sci-fi film...  or perhaps more accurately, from some sort of streaming video being viewed on a slow modem connection.)  For a movie entitled &quot;Gladiator&quot;, you would have at least they could have come up with better combat action than this!  I couldn't stand it...<br />In short, this may be a &quot;must-see&quot; movie, but it's also a quite mediocre movie.
B00003CXBK|5.0|This movie has the kind of vision that authors and artist dream of creating.  Seeing the animation for the first time in the theater was simply amazing, the drawing of the forests is the best animation I have ever seen.  The story is a complex battle between forces with different goals more than it is a story of one odvious good side vs. one hiddious bad side.  The story is about a prince from a remote tribe has to search out a cure for the evil that is slowly eating away at his body.  He finds the sorce of this conflict in an acient forest gaurded by animal gods who are protecting thier forest from an iron mine.  One of the forest gods has an adopted human daughter who is the love intrest for the prince.  They fight out this conflict in several battles, most of them involving three or four different interested parties.<br />     It surprised me how many people I saw this movie with thought it was just a chessy enviromentalist movie.  The main character sides with the side of the people distroying the forest as much as he sides with the old forest gods.  This is a story of one warrior tring to resolve a deadly conflict between two sides that he resects.  This is the best animated film I have ever seen.
B00003CXAA|5.0|When is this gonna be released!!!!!  Ahhhh!!! its probably gonna get 5 stars when it does get released though... I'm very anxious for this to get released on dvd, along w/ INDIANNA JONES... come on big film companies, RELEASE THE GOOD MOVIES ON DVD and whats this about Silence of The Lambs!  COme On!  Why is their no more criterion collection!  Crazy, I'll tell you what.... Sorry I'm rambling
B000002KHH|5.0|This was the first heavy-metal album I ever heard and I was sold.
B000002L7Y|5.0|...as soon as the electronic drum beats spilled from my speakers, i was hooked.  i immediately got the tape, and played it so much, it broke.  the CD was quickly added to my extensive music collection.  every track on this release is amazing.  from the eerie &quot;hunting high and low&quot; to the &quot;living a boys adventure tale&quot;, every song has spoken to me over the years...and over the thousands upon thousands of time i have listend to this album.  yeah, i've gotten slammed over the years for loving this band (i have every album), but who cares, once u find a group that speaks to you through excellent musicianship, wonderful lyrics, and ear melting, creative music, why let go?  this album sounds better now than it did that summer of '86.  do yourself a favor...please get this CD...you will thank me and all the other a-ha fans around the world who have said the same thing time and time again.
0446677450|1.0|Repetitive philosophical drivel (with spelling errors no less).  I read this in just a couple days and realized how good it feels to not be run by money.  If money is all you care about, do what Kiyosaki did, build your entire life around amassing wealth.  Then you die... oops, can't take it with you!  Where's your philosophy now, Mr. Money Man?  Does anyone really need a million dollars or more?  I don't, I can settle for a comfortable 5-room house that costs less than $300,000, and anybody can attain that simply by living within their means (a principle heckled by Mr. Kiyosaki), avoiding debt and credit, and setting aside an ample amount in good investments.  I agree with him that financial matters should be taught in public schools, but I disagree that anyone can attain what he has.  He had valuable connections that most of us cannot duplicate, therefore his advice is worthless to most Americans.<br />Here's something not many people realize, if all the wealth held in America were placed into a pile and then split among all our nation's households, we'd all have over a million dollars.  Good crap, I could comfortably live the rest of my life off that!  <br />His book touches only lightly on good budgeting and money handling, and then talks up risky investments that only the wealthy, or people who can network with the wealthy, can afford or even find.<br />In summary: some good theory, bad application.  You'll finish the book wondering just what in the world you're supposed to do with his &quot;information&quot;.
B00003CXE7|2.0|This is another case of a well prepared advertisement campaign. Weeks before the film entered the cinemas the world was praising the film as something nobody else had ever seen before. Now, there lay exactly the problem. The 1964 version of &quot;The Fall of the Roman Empire&quot; (with Sophia Loren) tells more or less the same story but without all the sound effects available now. Take those Dolby Suround/THX effects and you will have a very dull story. That's why I insist watching The Fall of the Roman Empire might lack some technical quality but it beats The Gladiator in most parts. If you like battle scenes and man-to-man fights you get the right movie. Anything beyond that is an insult.
B00004YRQA|5.0|It is impossible to have a PS2 without a memory card. It is just like a PC system without a hard drive. I know it costs 35 bucks and it should be come with the game console but If you want to save games or setting, get one. And get a SONY one. Don't waste your money for the second card, it is a 8M card, should be more than enough to save all your games.
B00005ASGG|5.0|This film is an as yet undiscovered American icon.  Quite simply, it may very well move you as no western ever has before.  John Ford as a director is at the pinnacle of his powers, John Wayne is at his mighty, confident best, and Jimmy Stewart gives one of the best performances of his life.  Lee Marvin exudes palpable danger as the violent, unpredictable and rage-filled Liberty, and Vera Miles is the good girl who can take care of herself.  A cast of supporting characters who all seem to become like part of the family during the film, coupled with one of the best Western tales ever, will keep you riveted.<br />Even if you aren't normally a fan of Westerns, this inspiring and brilliant film deserves a place in every patriotic American's household.  This film asks questions about what it means to be a citizen in a Democracy, and it answers those questions in ways that left me deeply moved, and deep in thought.<br />If you only have one Western in your DVD collection, this film is a good candidate.
B00004XOWM|1.0|Begin: A band so promising that their first time on television they literally tear down the house and get endless requests to be played more on MTV.  Their album 3 Dollar Bill Ya'll sells very well though the music is still admittedly rough and unpolished.   Middle: The album &quot;Significant Other&quot; comes out, Fred Durst apparently has decided to cash in on the teeny bopper market by releasing childish songs that are all about hooking the listener with a stupid chorus rather than including great content. End: More of the same. &quot;Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavoured Water&quot; is basically Limp Bizkit changing the words to their songs.  I gave this album a listen and it is complete drizzle.  The music has nothing to offer to anyone.  Anyone that listens to this band is either listening to them because everyone else is, or because they are too young to know better.  I would not reccomend this album or Significant Other to any music listener,  3 Dollar Bill Ya'll is a decent album and is worth a listen.  Addingly if you want to listen to some real music pick up Tool's &quot;Undertow&quot;. (Coincidentally Limp Bizkit attempts (key word attempts, they don't have the music capacity) to cover Tool songs at their live shows constantly).  I guess this turned out to be somewhat of a rant didn't it... :)
0823016285|5.0|This is an wondful book. It provides the reader all the essential material for improving their skill. As a beginner of portrait drawing, I need some detailed explanation and instruction for my self-learnig.This book can meet my requirement absolutely.Every page,and every word of the book is so valueable.The author fully understands what the reader needs. If you want to improve your portrait drawing skill and can not find a proper way, buying this book is the best choice.
B0000214F2|3.0|With a natural aptitude for medicine, &quot;Patch&quot; Adams need not struggle through medical school as his classmates do, and the aloof doctor-to-be is free to devote much of his time to making terminal patients feel better, much to the dismay of the teachers and administrators of his otherwise idyllic medical school.  In other words, it's Robin Williams doing &quot;Good Morning Vietnam&quot;, &quot;Dead Poets Society&quot; and &quot;Toys&quot; in med school, with stuffy and stolid doctors standing in for the stuffy latin teachers of &quot;Poets&quot; and the stiff military types in &quot;Toys&quot; and &quot;Good Morning&quot;.  Bob Cousins, who must be a pretty good humored guy to have spent the 90's playing the unsympathetic authority figure, plays Adams' nemesis, the mean Medical School teacher who is determined to either oust Adams or turn him into a carbon copy of himself.  Adams' classmates verge towards the craven, with most openly envious of higher grades.<br />Somehow getting support from some students, Patch opens up a clinic and manages to fall in love with an otherwise frigid classmate who first rebuffs him.  But tragedy strikes and (ala' &quot;Poets&quot; and &quot;Vietnam&quot;) it takes the combined strength of all of his colleagues to convince him not to give up.  The movie climaxes with a medical review board in which Adams must defend his unorthodox ways, but somehow comes out on top, complete with a rousing applause, and a message about how doctors must be more human.  It's pretty stiff hollywood morality instead, considering how the film seems more packaged than created.  If you're in the mood for Robin Williams, and you haven't seen any in a while, rent this.
B000001Y79|5.0|I love this album! Well, I must admit, I love &quot;Return of Saturn&quot; even more. But the best songs by NoDoubt are on this CD: &quot;The Climb&quot; and &quot;Tragic Kingdom&quot;. By the way, I love &quot;End it on this&quot;. There is no song that I dislike. But the best of all is Gwen's voice! I think, there is only total love or total hate for her voice, there's nothing in between because it's so special. I love it - completely, I couldn't get madder about it - but that's just me, you have to check it for yourself. Because there are so many different people... Let's end it on this!
B000056K04|4.0|When I first heard this album I hated it, I thought it was total garbage. But after listening to it for awhile it grew on me and I started to like it. It is FOR SURE not Dave's best work, mainly because it really isn't his work at all. But after reading the Rolling Stone article about his deep depression and never wanting to write or perform music again I could see how this album was good for Dave but notnot that great for us fans. I gave it 4 stars in hope that he will go back to his old producer and sound. If you are thinking of buying it I would have to say go ahead and get it its pretty good.
0553213105|5.0|It seems like a simple statement.  Mr. Darcy, the hero of our novel, simply doesn't have time to write to his overbearing aunt to inform her of his engagement to be married.  But, like most things in Jane Austen, it has more meanings than one.<br />I will be the first to admit that the plot of the novel is transperent.  Anyone who has read a romance can see from the outset that Darcy and Lizzy (a.k.a. Elizabeth Bennet) will end up with each other.  The only question is how, why, when, and who will be affected.  To find that out, you'll have to read the story.  I don't believe I'm giving anything away by saying that the seemingly sub-human Fitzwilliam Darcy (he's got quite a name, has he not?) will thaw eventually, and that Lizzy will warm to his new, altered state.  For, simply put, the point of the novel is not the story, but the beautiful prose and dialogue.  The deliciously satisfying banter of the newly-engaged Darcy and Lizzy in Chapter 18 of Part Three (some versions are not divided into parts, but I trust you can find this chapter) leaves you tingling with glorious anticipation of their soon to be union.<br />The reader will thrill when he calls her &quot;Elizabeth&quot; for the first time (as opposed to a cold &quot;Miss Bennet&quot;), and the effect is somewhat heightened by his adding a passtionate &quot;dearest, lovliest&quot; before the name.  For Darcy, despite his reserves, is a deeply passionate man.<br />Back to my original point.  There is something deeper in Jane Austen's seemingly silly and pointless escapades.  The novel is an examination of human foibles (sp?) and follies, a critical probing of the pitfalls of society.  Austen's points are timeless, for some things never change.  In any case, when Darcy says, in response to Lizzy's inquiry as to when he will find the courage to write to his aunt, the despised Lady Catherine DeBourgh, who greatly opposes his marriage to Lizzy, that he is more likely to want time than courage, it means more than it seems to.  He is saying, subtly perhaps, but he's saying it all the same: he treasures his time with Lizzy, and he hates to darken it with a cloud of impending doom.  Besides which, he loves to talk to his fiance, and wile away hours wandering the country lanes in a state of happiness beyond that which he has ever known.  Why waste the precious minutes writing to that stupid Lady Catherine, anyway?<br />As you can see, a philosopher like myself can find reams of meaning in a simple sentance of Austen.  If that isn't reason enough to read her novel &quot;Pride and Prejudice&quot;, I don't know what is.<br />--Child of the Burning Heart
B00004XONN|5.0|This album is Radiohead.  The other albums, great as they may be, were a prelude to this masterpiece.  This is one example of a band who took a break from trying to sell records to do what they wanted to do, and made one of the best CD's of the decade.  <br />How to disappear completely is a beautiful song whose slow and mornful melody will entrance you every time you listen to it.  It is my favorite on the CD, as is &quot;Everything in it's right place&quot;, with it's electronicly emotional flow. <br />This album rarely comes out of my CD player, and I don't believe I will ever get tired of it.
0684853523|5.0|Whether you're a writer, an aspiring writer, or just a reader, you will love Stephen King's On Writing.  A non-fiction work with two parts.  The first is a memoir of King's life, and how he came to publish his first work, Carrie.  It is amusing and interesting at the same time.  The second part of the book is about writing, hence the title.  King doesn't tell us to do this or that when we write.  He informs us that certain methods are useful, and certain aren't.  He tells us what he has learned during his life, and those are things that are truly inspirational. It is a classic book that everyone should have.  Funny, Fun, and most importantly, True.
B0000584V3|5.0|There is music. Lots of it. Then there is Opeth. As far as I'm concerned this band transcends the term music, and falls under the category of &quot;timeless transcendental art&quot;. There is no band in the world that can match the all around genius and scope of this magnificent groups back catalogue, and this new album (or &quot;aural artwork&quot;, if you will) is no exception. Exceptional use of the Death metal genre to pave paths through jazz and classical (by classical I don't mean rinky-dinky keyboard arrpeggios-..., and it holds together through the melodies that are interwoven through the majestic tracks on this album. Every album by Opeth I declare as the most perfect album EVER, and now that BP is out...&quot;THIS IS THE MOST INCREDIBLY PERFECT ALBUM-EVER!&quot;. There... I've said it. A bold statement, to be sure, but not unwarranted. Buy this masterpiece and see for yourself. Standouts are Bleak and Harvest (but how can I say &quot;standouts&quot; when this album is perfect from first note to last? Hmmmmmmm......). &quot;A lullaby for the one's who've lost all...&quot;
0553579908|4.0|Face it, people - Jordan's &quot;Wheel of Time&quot; series has become very ponderous and overwritten, and it should have been finished long ago.  You'll be lucky if you can find one nugget of interesting plotline in his latest books, and any action at all.  I used to buy each of his books when it came out in hardcover - but no more.<br />Now, Martin's series, on the other hand, shows a lot of promise.  The first book, &quot;A Game of Thrones&quot;, and now this one, are loaded with characters who never made me lose interest.  And while there seem at first glance to be a few too many plotlines, Martin does an excellent job of holding all the threads together.<br />I'm looking forward to the third book.  I want to find out how Danerys' story ties in with the others (there were hints toward the end of this book), as well as Jon Snow's.  And I have a sneaking suspicion about Hodor, the dimwitted strongman who's become Prince Brandon's legs.  Don't ask me why, but I have a hunch he'll become extremely important to the story as it goes on.
0151003084|5.0|Not certain why this grisly little picture book is so appealing - perhaps it's the stark contrast between the usual cutesy alphabet picture books and the various ends that the children listed by their names meet.<br />&quot;&quot;A is for Amy who fell down the stairs. B is for Basil assaulted by bears. C is for Clara who wasted away.&quot; Those are only the first of this bizarrely-rhyming, darkly-illustrated little book. It's very short, but I found myself wishing that Mr. Gorey had gone on into numbers as well, perhaps into retellings of fairy tales. ;)<br />If you are a reader who likes sweet, happy content, you will loathe this book utterly. If you don't mind a volume that is twisted and sick in a way that will make you laugh out loud, then by all means scootle to buy this!
B00003CXRP|1.0|This is far and away the most overrated film I have seen in a very long time.  If you've seen the trailer or tv spots for this, you've seen the film.  NO surprises, NO twists, NO real plot, and BORING.  I beleive Forest Gump was one of the finest films ever made, so I'm not a Hanks/Zemekis critic, but this film was just predictible and dull.  Nuff said.
B000056PP2|4.0|This feather-light romantic comedy has a script that is as skimpy as Penelope Cruz's wardrobe.  The comedy, while mildly amusing, is extremely predictable as is the ending.  The film succeeds at being very sexy without any actual sex, relying on Cruz's provocative looks and the unshaven machismo of Murilo Benicio, who plays her husband.  It drips with schmaltz at every turn to the point where it becomes extremely corny at times.  Probably the best part of the film is the airy Brazilian music.<br />As a showcase for the talents of Penelope Cruz, this film is one-dimensional.  It provides an opportunity for us to see a full measure of her alluring beauty, but the role does little to expose the breadth and depth of her acting ability.  Likewise, Benicio's role is so stereotypical that it offers little by which to judge his acting.  Harold Perrineau, Jr. turns in the best all around acting performance as Monica, Isabella's cross dressing assistant and best friend. <br />This is a film to just sit back and enjoy, like a breezy spring day.  It is charming and fluffy with little to dislike.  I rated it a 7/10.  It makes a good date flick for the young at heart.
B00000064E|5.0|Looking for an album to go with your favorite sunset? Nick Drake's  debut encapsulates a mood of tragically transient beauty. The acoustic guitar style drifts between folk, country blues and Celtic flavored finger picking (I'm not much of a musician, so that's kind of a guess-ta-mite), with accompanying instruments that are simple and subtle: piano riffs, conga drums, and the occasional bass.  On several tracks chamber music string sections and various wind instruments add a surprisingly effective and eerie compliment. Mostly, however, the album's mood and tone is created and sustained by Drake's ethereal voice. Only several notches louder than a whisper, it sounds as if it comes from a half remembered dream or a nineteenth century opium haze. &quot;Three Hours&quot; and &quot;The Cello Song&quot; are particularly haunting. A playful piano part belies the uncomfortable lyrics of &quot;The Man In The Shed&quot; that sting of the depression that would eventually consume him (he committed suicide in 1974). Drake released only three studio albums, his second &quot;Bryter Later&quot; contains a number of good songs, but many of the jazzy arrangements don't work as well. On his third, &quot;Pink Moon&quot;, he is alone with his guitar; it's an excellent album, but his vocals take on a harsher more pained edge, which can be a little uncomfortable considering his previously mentioned exit. On &quot;Five Leaves Left&quot; all the elements come together in a gorgeous sonic whorl. Percy Bysshe Shelley would have dug this album.
6302787122|4.0|Jack Sommersby was a brutal hard drinking man who abused his wife. Eventually he went off to war and for six years no one heard from him. The war ends and a bearded stranger comes up the road to town. Jack has come home to claim his own. Or is this really Jack?<br />      Join with Laurel Sommersby as she tries to figure out if this man is really her husband. His brutallity is replaced by gentleness. His selfish ways have melted into concern for others. Is this the Jack that everyone knew?<br />      Set in the post Civil War you will find yourself engaged in this puzzling dilemma of identity. Richard Gere and Jodie Foster do a superb job of portraying a couple trying to reconcile a previous bitter marriage but is this man truly her husband? Highly entertaining you will enjoy this mystery that will lead to either the making or breaking of a marriage and the livelihood of a town.
B000053SPI|5.0|Absolutely great Journey album.  Scary how much the new guy sounds like Steve Perry.  Let's hope they release a few singles this time.  The first two songs should be top 10's if their rotten management thinks to release them and get some air play.  Can't wait for the tour.  They can reclaim their top spot in rock with a little publicity.  Wish they would stop falling into black holes for decades at a time.
B000002GFC|5.0|As someone who grew up with Cream, this album is a delight. Eric Clapton has always had the limelight, but to me the true hero of this group was always Ginger Baker. His drumming is like no other then and now (listen to 'we're going wrong' particularly). Jack Bruce was also under-rated, particularly on the live albums. His 6 string base lines can rival Clapton. This album features most of the popular tracks for Cream, with for me none better than 'CrossRoads'. However, 'spoonful', I'm so glad', 'Sitting on top of the world', 'politican' and 'born under a bad sign' highlight the blues roots of Cream and provide the best tracks on the album.
B00000JKH2|5.0|This album is my most prized music possesion. Its the most original and mind-blowing thing, i think, that has ever been recorded. The first song, Rascuache, gets you in the mindset for the rest of the album, and then when it all boils down, the &quot;sad&quot; song of the album, 198d blows you away. <br />A MUST have for any ATDI fan, no question.
B000006TRV|4.0|To be quite honest, I'd rather hear something more positive and uplifting. However, being a poet myself, I realy appreciate the honesty and the deepness of Roger Waters' lyrics. This was my first Pink Floyd purchase and it definitely shocked me. Most artists now can't even go a song without straying from their topic or message, Waters goes 2 full discs on 1 plot. That takes a lot of skill and talent. He wasn't afraid to throw himself out there and let his opinions and thoughts out for the world to see, breaking down &quot;the wall&quot; he built to seperate himself from others. Knowing everyone would analyze and pick apart his lyrics, he did it anyway. Musically, it can go from slow paced to fast paced in a matter of seconds without losing it's listener. I'd say the majority of the album is very relaxed though, complemented by the vocals which go with the music perfectly. Don't get me wrong, I don't like every song on this album but I like enough of them for me to enjoy it and appreciate the genius of it and Waters' lyrics. I haven't heard another Pink Floyd album yet but I urge everyone to give &quot;the Wall&quot; a listen, and a 2nd to realy understand the concept of it. If you're more into a positive message like myself, check it out anyway for the story and if you're a poet or a writer, you should appreciate the work and thoughts put into these well written lyrics.
0140433627|5.0|mary Shelley wrote Frankenstein when she was 19- a very mature drama which twists upon the question of whence does life come.<br />The book is Romantic in that it is the story of a creator who turns away from his creation. What would it be like if your creator, your parents or God, hated you and sought to destroy you? Frankenstein's Monster was hated by his creator and could not find a friend because he looked so hideous. This is a powerful, tragic statement.<br />(...)<br />Shelly's writing is very well composed and full of extraordinary intuitions about what it means to be created, and hated.
B00004XOWM|5.0|This was the best purchase I have ever made on a CD from any genre.  Definatley check it out!
B00004Y87O|5.0|Yet another gem from Carpenter. Donald Pleasance is the President in this film! Kurt Russel, a.k.a. Snake Plitskin, will blow your mind, and some scumbags away! The storyline is ingenious, the acting fine, and the soundtrack is great too. But there's a Debussy song in here! What the hell is there a Debussy song doing in this film? Well, it happens to be a great song and it works well with the scene when Snake is flying in the glider. .... <br />Escape From New York is a great modern science-fiction film that was way ahead of its time when it came out in the early eighties. Check it out! One tip is to watch the film at night with the lights off- many of the scenes are lit very darkly, and that's the best way to see into them.
B00004NRWH|4.0|I'm not going to disagree with the previous reviews of this album.. I am a strong advocate of canadian artists.. and nickelback is definitely that.. they also have talent.. of all the canadian artists i've heard in that past 2 years nickleback beats them all.. they are rockin and cool.. like a band should be.. I would recomend this albumm for anyone who likes music.. because no matter what you prefer  nickelback gets you into the mood for moshing and banging your head..
078322687X|5.0|For those who grew up in the 80's, this film may seem familar to you. Its an amazing film because it makes its success on the script and acting alone. What got to me is that this is a story about high school kids who open up to each other and in doing so see that none of them are perfect and that what they have in common is their generation itself. But ah, the film is so much more. The soundtrack is great too, especially if you like eighties music such as the Simple Minds. The RatMouse would like Molly Ringwald to take him as pet.
0875847706|5.0|My first impression upon picking up The Art of Possibility was that it would be &quot;fluff.&quot;  Wrong impression.  Instead, this turned out to be a very powerful book that I'm glad to have read.  The Zanders present a philosophy and strategy for seeing and living in our world from a standpoint of possibility rather than scarcity and restriction.  They describe a set of practices that may sound trite from their chapter headings (&quot;Giving an A&quot;) but which are backed up by lucid explanations and very moving anecdotes.  (I don't usually go for books that rely so heavily on personal stories, but in this case they are quite inspiring and contribute significantly to the power of the book.)<br />The two authors come at the issues of leadership and personal growth from different perspectives: He from the point of view of an orchestra conductor, and She from that of a psychotherapist.  Benjamin Zander fortunately does not try to make the threadbare comparison that being a conductor is like being a CEO; rather, he simply uses his personal experiences as a leader to help make his points with interesting examples related to his career as conductor.<br />It's a worthwhile read (and easy, too, at 200 pages) that at the very least is inspiring and enjoyable, but also likely to make positive changes in your life if you apply the practices the authors describe.
B00000HYXB|5.0|Never heard Blind Guardian before, but Ive read Tolkine and I like European metal ( Nightwish, Gamma Ray, Rhapsody ). The only reason I was kept away from Blind Guardian was due to some friends. who also like metal, that said that this band sucked. They are crazy. I bought this album and my world changed. One of the best concept albuns ever, and I knew another band to purchase albuns to enlarge my CD collection. This CD is so good, a journey. THe lyrics are great and totally compatible with the book, but the more important is the music. Melodic and aggressive metal are combined with flutes, keyboards, etc. I only think the singer is not so good as some reviewers said below.
B000056NX5|5.0|I saw this via TV on the last X'mas Eve. First thought: Goodness,It should be another history lesson. But it was 200% out of my estimation. I am extremely weak about concentration on everything. I seldom saw a program without doing other things. But it was the very rare exception.<br />I had never seen any musicals except &quot;Joseph&quot; and &quot;JCS&quot;(both of them were on TV). I saw the former first. Even I thought is can't be better: cheerful, creative, though not quite touching, which no one supposed to be. Maybe it is not quite suitable to compare this two masterpieces because the theme , the tone are totally different. But if I can only buy one of them, I would choose JCS.  Joseph is entertaining, funny, and following the original story in the bible quite well. It is a very distinctive point from JCS. The structure of JCS is from the bible, and any other things, including the underlying idea and spirit, are the smart changes and creation on their own.<br />I don't know how to appreciate and analyse musicals. But it is enough for you to realise one point: it shocked heavily an idiot of art.
B000002LGA|5.0|This is the only word that comes to my mind when trying to describe the quality of this album. All the tunes are simple, melodic, good lyrics, great. The sound is tough, stripped of electronic. A gem.
B000002AH9|5.0|Billie Holiday,lady day.the sweet smell of gardenias,painted such a beautiful picture of the greatest stylist to sing.But the years of self abuse and addiction turned Miss Holiday into the swan that sang her last songs!This collection of lush arrangements embodies the essence that is jazz to the core.Singing like a suffering sparrow,with no where to go but down,Billie proves that vocal interpertation and phrasing is art imitating life,put this one on right before you go to bed, alone and a reason to cry!This is Billie's masterpiece,a testament to the life of a true jazz pioneer and above all a lady.
B00004Z459|5.0|Wow!  I heard them on the radio and I flipped.  I had to get the CD!  Their music has nice melodies, as well as the heart breaking cry for help from the average American man sound to it.  I really like the melodies of the songs.  I recommend &quot;A Place fo My Head.&quot;  Great song!  Get this CD!<br />Sammy
B0000048V8|5.0|If you want wholesome christmas entertainment that the entire family can enjoy year after year, grab a fuzzy blanket, a hot mug of cocoa, and each other and snuggle up to THE SNOWMAN.<br />The colored drawing effect of the cartoon will delight children of all ages.  The peaceful soundtrack will make you forget the lack of dialogue.  This film stimulates the imagination of all who watch it! Its simplicity is just pure magic.<br />Fortunately, I own this film on DVD (which is actually a double feature with another holiday classic:  Father Christmas- check it out if you have a DVD player), so I no longer have to worry about our copy breaking from over-use.<br />I highly recommend making The Snowman the next addition to your holiday collection.  It's sure to become a favorite!
B0000024K1|1.0|I think this album was played out too much back in the 80's, in addition I feel that this public enemey are anti-government and racist. I would not support them
0385335482|5.0|I started it last night and stayed up till 3 a.m. to finish this book! I really enjoyed this book ~~ it was funny, lighthearted and cute! I laughed out loud in some places and found myself shaking my head in other places.<br />Rebecca is a girl who overdraws her bank account and maxes out her Visa card. I am not a big shopper (unless you call shopping for books a shopping spree ~~ then I am!) of clothes but it was funny just to hear her describe her clothes like she is posing for Vogue or Cosmo or even 17. Her justification for buying things are hilarious and the scene where she was trying to make curry made me laugh so hard! (I'm a cook and that scene just cracks me up because I've done the same thing she did!) Sophie took a character riddled with anxieties and insecurities and made her so likeable ~~ you can't help but laugh at some of her excuses. She has a vivid imagination which really carries the book through.<br />I can see why some of the critics didn't care for this book ~~ it does sound like something from a fashion magazine, but Sophie is a good, clean writer. I really enjoyed this book and would like to read more of hers. Her sense of humor is a lot like mine and it is a refreshing read! I recommend it for a light, easy reading and if you're looking for humor, this book has it all.
B00003CXMG|5.0|I grew up in the 60/70's and played in a band for 6 years.  The movie brought back a lot of great memories of that era, especially the days in the band.  Cameron Crowe did a great job bringing his story to life.  I feel that there is a little bit of &quot;William&quot; in all of us, wanting to experience new things and meeting famous people.  Also, the &quot;Making of Almost Famous&quot; located on the DVD was really enjoyable and greatly added to the movie.  The soundtrack was equally enjoyable.  This movie is definitely a &quot;must own&quot; for the baby boomer generation and for the younger generations to experience a unique time in life.
1573225517|5.0|Nick Hornby understands what it means to be a male. Forget moronic self-help guides about Mars and Venus; this novel gets inside the male pysche. If you are male you will see yourself in these pages, if you are female you will see your boyfriend.
0783226063|2.0|It seems like any sane person could look at Dune, realize there is really no way it could be condensed into a 2 hour format, and wisely shift to another project...of course, another option is to hire some stars, dump millions of dollars into it, and then cover for the lack of content with a lot of bizzare imagery and suppurating facial boils.  Sorry, but I prefer a little content with my special effects (which are dated now, leaving no further reason to view this stinkburger)...how do I know the Baron is evil?  Not because of characterization or plot development, I can tell he's evil because he floats around killing his minions randomly, he forces his staff to walk around with their ears and eyes sewn shut (or perhaps this is a fashion statement on his planet?) he screams, yells, and sprays spittle every time he delivers a line, and plus his face is sliding off (man, that cat must be EVIL!).  In case this imagery wasn't subtle enough, his entire planet is jet black, betraying only a few little angry red cracks (er, people live here?), and when hankering for a snack, its inhabitants suck the fluids out of little alien fetuses and yank tongues out of cows to eat them raw (which honestly you shouldn't do because those things lick their noses, I've seen them).  They do this because they're SO DANG EVIL and these kinds of ploys are a lot easier than actually doing any exposition/character development.  This movie wouldn't draw so much criticism I think if it just hadn't been based on Dune because in general the people who liked the book like their material a little smarter than this.  Really, best thing for it would have been to dumb it down even more, remove any remaining traces of the political/religeous aspects, replace Kyle Maclaughlin with Jet Li, rename the movie 'Sand Pirates' then take it out back and set fire to it.  Watch the Sci Fi channel's mini series version (which is not quite dead on but by God it's closer than this), or read the book again.
B000003N7G|4.0|Let me clarify something: I give this recording four stars only because I prefer his late-period playing (post-1965) to his modal playing simply because he became freer with his employment of scalar and atonal techniques.  Having said that, &quot;A Love Supreme&quot; is an astonishing album and one that all serious listeners should own.  It stands out from Coltrane's earlier modal works by its devotion to the spiritual aspect of music, an element that also dominated his work in free jazz. Trane plays beautifully and very distinctively throughout, his keening sound alternately  gliding over and colliding with his remarkable rhythm section.  If you're considering buying this album, stop considering it.  You'd be crazy not to.
B00000633N|5.0|Without a doubt, this is their best album. Every song on this CD is a treasure.
6303274234|4.0|I'm only going to state that this is another ambassodor video that was supposed to be 55 mins long but is edit till 40 mins. That means only 4 girls are in this video instead of 5. This would had been another 5 star video but because of the edit is what made this a 4 star. Save your money on this one alone and get it now with the girls of capitol hill for the price of one.
B00000JCOV|3.0|Does someone remember the band Bile? There are many similarities (more members than an ordinary band, memebers wearing masks or corpse paint, making aggressive industrial metal, etc.), and Bile is far older than Slipknot. Try 'Suckpump' their first CD to see by yourself.  And musicaly, I guess they listened a lot to the first CD of Misery Loves Co., too.
B000000OU0|5.0|Many considered it more of a possibility that the Beatles would perform together with a resurrected John Lennon before the Eagles would get together for not just an album, but an entire series of concerts...well I don't care what happened in order for all of the stars to line up in such a way that brought these talented men back together again, but whatever it was certainly was a gift from the Heavens as 'Hell Freezes Over' essentially gave us Eagles fanatics what we wanted most: MORE.  My ONLY beef came when I realized it was just 4 NEW songs, and the rest was made up of different live versions of the songs we already knew and loved so much.  While I admit that I felt cheated in a way because I selfishly wanted an entire album full of new music, my opinion changed somewhat after I got a chance to actually listen to the whole thing.  Now THIS is GREAT music.  No, it's incredible music.<br />Can anyone listen to 'Get Over It' without thinking, 'This stands up there with the best stuff they've ever done!'  And not just musically, but lyrically as well.  But then we move to the fantastic 'live' renderings of their classic songs.  Without much studio touch-up's, these boys have managed to give us a sound that normally takes a lot of time to achieve--along with some studio wizardry--but they managed to pull it off LIVE on stage no less.  Now THAT is the sign of a band you want to see in concert.  Few bands can pull off a sound on stage that is comparable in almost every way to that pulled off in a studio, but the Eagles got it with 'Hell Freezes Over'.  I can't say enough good about this group or this album.  I've been in radio for most of my adult life, and it is just plain impressive what they achieved with this collection of hits.  Although, I feel as though I just cannot fathom all of the fuss over the un-plugged version of 'Hotel California' sure its good, but c'mon, how can you improve upon the original?  For me, that was just plain not possible -- but this is just MY opinion.  Otherwise, this record is as solid as anything recorded in the entire decade of the 90's -- easily.  Not just good stuff, but GREAT stuff from a legendary band, who--by the way--are re-teaming for another full-studio record at the end of '01...now THAT is something I can hardly wait for.  Highly recommended.st MY opinion.  Otherwise, this record is as solid as anything recorded in the entire decade of the 90's -- easily.  Not just good stuff, but GREAT stuff from a legendary band, who--by the way--are re-teaming for another full-studio record at the end of '01...now THAT is something I can hardly wait for.  Highly recommended.
B000056V73|5.0|I would have to say that this is one of the best movies I have ever seen, if not the best.  Period pieces can be a gamble, they're usually inaccurate, or overly goofy, but this movie was very well done.  Billy Crudup does a killer job of playing a messed-up rock star.  He probably won't win any awards for it (the best ones never do), but he is definitely deserving of it.  Patrick Fugit is a likeable young actor, and Kate Hudson is extremely talented (not to mention very beutiful).  The story, basically, is of a young writer in the early 70's who goes on tour with a nascent rock band to interview them for a magazine article, during which he befriends the band members, and finds love with a mysterious female follower.  I found the story to be particularly enthralling, due to my love for music, and for the fact that I myself love to write, so it was easy for me to put myself into the place of the main character, and see the story through his eyes.  I also enjoyed the gritty depiction of the life of a rock star, it's important that people remember that it's not all glitz and glam.  The world has changed in the past thirty years, but this story could easily occur much the same way in the here and now.  I cannot recommend this movie enough.  It will surely stay in your mind for days after you have watched it.  Also, there are tons of great songs in this movie, many of which can be found on the soundtrack.  There's even a song by Stillwater, the fictitous band from the movie.  I know these guys are actors, not musicians, but they rock!  The part where they are singing &quot;Tiny Dancer&quot; on the bus is really cool, too, I'm guessing it symbolizes something, but I haven't figured out what yet.  It had to have some meaning.  Anyway, there are plenty of reasons why you should see this movie.  It is the greatest thing to come out in a long time.  And look, Kate's on the cover, excellent choice:)
0060975768|4.0|i didnt read the book yet, but i tell you, it can't be worse than whoever wrote the rediculous review, lzalbany@aol.com.  a couple of reviews down...was it as hot as they said, or just a little hot. or how about hot only on fridays. awful..just awful
B000059R8Y|2.0|I think the first track &quot;reptile&quot; sets the pace for the entire cd.  Very slow moving, no continuity and sooooo pop!  There are only about 4 good songs on this cd. I actually would skip past tracks after hearing the first few minutes  .Pilgrim was bad and this one is more of the same.  This really saddens me as I'm a die-hard Clapton fan from the '60's.
B00003CXFG|4.0|I bought this DVD just from the trailers at the cinema. Usually my hunch on things such as this aren't the best but this time I can honestly say I picked a winner. The cinematography of this film is truely breathtaking, and the special effects really are second to none. The main character is fantastically cool and even though he's a mass murderer, you tend to warm to him immediatley. I'm not going to spoil the film for anyone but all I can say is buy it, watch it and enjoy
B000002H6C|5.0|Very good. Nice. I love Metallica, and then came the black album, load, reload, Ugh. But don't pass this one up. Did I say it's very good? What I meant was it's excellent!!!
B00003CXFG|4.0|I bought this DVD just from the trailers at the cinema. Usually my hunch on things such as this aren't the best but this time I can honestly say I picked a winner. The cinematography of this film is truely breathtaking, and the special effects really are second to none. The main character is fantastically cool and even though he's a mass murderer, you tend to warm to him immediatley. I'm not going to spoil the film for anyone but all I can say is buy it, watch it and enjoy
B000000H7I|5.0|I consider this as among the top 5 metal album I have listened to. I don't really know how to review it in technical terms and I'm lazy to try, so I'll just describe it in a few simple words: I'll kill if this cd is taken from me.
0380788624|5.0|..for readers bedazzled or completely dazed, depending - as it generates such a fun and varied response in the way of comments here. This is clearly a challenge of a book in this genre (or something new?) and a case of either you get it - or you don't. It's a twisted rope kind of story, made from many strands that offer different, but equally spellbinding perspectives. It frequently and brilliantly digresses into such arcane matters as &quot;how best to eat your breakfast cereal&quot; or &quot;a short answer to why the Germans lost the war&quot;. This is not only brain food with occasional hopping mad and deeply satisfying bits stuck in it like surprise pralines, but most of all a really exciting story about the very near future and not-so-distant-past. Oh yes, more please... Sigh.
0440416027|1.0|This is a most boring book, hugely overrated by reviewers. It's suppose to be about the supernatural, like the Giver or Sang Spell, but its nothing like any of these books (which are execellent). The author mixes few ideas, (the boy's family problems, the girl next door, the supernatural creature) without success, it was really a disappointing book.
B00000I07P|4.0|The only thing that stops me from giving this 3rd effort of Bon Jovi 5 stars, is that I liked his 2nd effort &quot;7800&quot; better. (As much as I liked Christopher Marlowe's &quot;Dr. Faustus,&quot; I can't say it matched his &quot;Edward II&quot; or &quot;Massacre At Paris.&quot; This record is in a class by itself. The songs carry great feeling and emotion (without being hammed up), the music and the song writing combines harmoniously, and there is NOTHING that would really make this album unsuitable to young listeners. The strong effort, the suitability for most ages, and the harmonious flow of music and lyrics make this an 80s icon. Taking this a step further, I will compare this to Marlowe's &quot;Dr. Faustus.&quot; While I do feel Marlowe wrote 2 better plays, &quot;Dr. Faustus&quot; is an icon because not even William Shakespeare or Charles Dickens was able to produce a piece of literature quite like it. Even if you don't care for Bon Jovi, you should buy this 80s icon.
0788811355|5.0|Having won Best Picture, I am perplexed this film has suffered as much critism as it has.  In a list of the &quot;best&quot; of all of the best pictures winners, &quot;The English Patient&quot; was ranked surprisingly low, ranking way behind &quot;Dances With Wolves&quot; and a slew of other recent award winners.  This movie has even been called overrated.  I found it to be a beautiful and complex story of forbidden love and the consequences of giving into temptation.  The message is buried deep within a textured plot, and at the end it is revealed in a dark cave, love waiting....  The price he paid can be seen on his face, The English Patient and all of his mystery are unearthed from his bedside candor.  I found the story most intriguing, the characters played to perfection.  Kristin Scott Thomas (Under the Cherry Moon), does a splendid job playing oppostite Ralph Fiennes.  The love scene between the two was intoxicating, sweeping you out of wherever you are and into the deserts of Africa!  all set to a brilliant score.  There is so much in this film to enjoy, the slow pace was just fine with me, giving you more time to dissapear in the film.  The English Patient is an epic, and I'm glad it won the best picture, I actually agree with the academy and it's too late to take the oscar back!!!!
B000059R8Y|1.0|I realize musicians have to explore different avenues of music in order to be creative and fresh, but searching out the avenues of soft rock is not being creative for Eric Clapton. I will expect to hear the selections of Reptile on every elevator and dentist office in America. ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
B000000HU1|4.0|Back in the mid-'70s when Pink Floyd and Camel, to name just two popular bands, were offering what could be regarded as space-rock for mainstream audiences -- playing radio-friendly songs which combined slow tempos, atmospheric instrumental passages and cinematic lyrics -- Gong continued to explore the wacky, jazz-influenced side of the genre and remained far to the left of rock's center. With the preceding two albums of the &quot;Radio Gnome Invisible Trilogy&quot;, &quot;Flying teapot&quot; and &quot;Angel's egg&quot;, it became clear that Gong wanted to break away from all sorts of traditional song structures, and &quot;You&quot; takes this concept to its logical conclusion by providing a vehicle for the band's improvisational approach. As a result, &quot;You&quot; is easily the most eccentric, innovative album of this famous trilogy. Having said that, I'm sure that &quot;You&quot; isn't an album for everybody, despite its title: It's sometimes atonal and slightly discordant, lacking in immediately catchy melodies, with sudden saxophone explosions and syncopated rhythms which are somewhat closer to free-jazz than to the music you usually associate with the spacious cover art-work. Just don't expect a pop record like &quot;Dark side of the moon&quot; -- let yourself carry away to &quot;Planet Gong&quot; where everything works outside of the accepted sphere of verse-chorus-verse-chorus-solo templates. The listening adventure begins with three short tunes which can probably be seen as a counterpart to the album's very advanced second half: While the 1 1/2-minute &quot;Thought for naught&quot; relies on psychedelic flute sounds and ultra-deep vocals by Allen, &quot;A Pothead Pixies' advice&quot; drifts towards jazz-rock (for a lack of better description) with its mesh of vibraphones, sax, and rhythm guitar. After this, however, the music shifts to a completely different gear with the space-age synth textures and Gilli's whispering vocals of &quot;Magick mother..&quot;, a track which flows seamlessly into the the faster-paced, rhythm-heavy &quot;Master builder&quot;. One thing which is apparent on the aforementioned track and on the longer pieces of this album is that Hillage's solo-centered guitar style is not so much allowed to shine through; the guitar is just another instrument in the mix and Gong seem more concerned with the sonic texture they can get from their instruments. The real highlight of &quot;You&quot; is the 9-minute &quot;A sprinkling..&quot; -- if you like some of the Orb's earlier soundscapes, then this will blow you away. In essence, this is what the mid-'70s Gong were all about. The way the first half of the piece builds is rather similar to electronic music, from the fantastically subtle, melodic layers of synths to the marching rhythm four minutes in, Gong create a fascinating trance music which had much impact on the ambient-house movement of the late-'80s and whose echoes can be heard throughout The Orb's mega-work &quot;Adventures beyond the Ultraworld&quot;. Next up, we have the 2 1/2-minute &quot;Perfect mystery&quot;, a slight precursor of the dense, vibraphone-heavy jazz-rock Gong would play on &quot;Gazeuse!&quot; and &quot;Expresso&quot;. However, this track is inserted at the wrong point into the album because it's framed by two very spacious tracks and tends to ruin the cohesion of &quot;You&quot;. Dark atmopherics coupled with a jerky drum/bass combination introduce the 10-minute &quot;The isle..&quot;, but the entire piece comes off sounding too anti-climactic unless you regard it as background music. Finally, the 11 1/2-minute &quot;You never..&quot; is a great song to close out the album, featuring several quirky vocal chants by Allen and twisted, constantly turning collages of sound which do not reach the visceral drive of &quot;A sprinkling..&quot; but still have a relaxing, otherworldly quality of their own. In conclusion, the three long pieces make this album really worthwhile whereas the shorter cuts could probably be seen as 'useful and funny bonuses'. Recommended, even though the newly interested fan can pick up many songs of &quot;You&quot; by purchasing one of Gong's various compilation, such as &quot;The very best of..&quot;.<br />Like the band's other early-'70s albums, &quot;You&quot; has gone through several different compact disc reissues. The edition here which is sold by Virgin Records offers the original cover art-work and will be satisfying enough for most fans. In the late '90s, Charly Records released a version with digitally remastered sound, but unfortunately decided to ditch the wonderful cover images in favor of a very bad and pedestrian art-work which caused the record to sell very poorly. A Japanese import version of &quot;You&quot; is also available, featuring digital remastering and restoring the original art-work. And finally, I want to mention the double-disc set &quot;You remixed&quot;, perhaps a very interesting alternative for younger people who prefer a framework of modern techno rhythms from the likes of 808 State, The Orb, and Moodswings.e shorter cuts could probably be seen as 'useful and funny bonuses'. Recommended, even though the newly interested fan can pick up many songs of &quot;You&quot; by purchasing one of Gong's various compilation, such as &quot;The very best of..&quot;. <br />Like the band's other early-'70s albums, &quot;You&quot; has gone through several different compact disc reissues. The edition here which is sold by Virgin Records offers the original cover art-work and will be satisfying enough for most fans. In the late '90s, Charly Records released a version with digitally remastered sound, but unfortunately decided to ditch the wonderful cover images in favor of a very bad and pedestrian art-work which caused the record to sell very poorly. A Japanese import version of &quot;You&quot; is also available, featuring digital remastering and restoring the original art-work. And finally, I want to mention the double-disc set &quot;You remixed&quot;, perhaps a very interesting alternative for younger people who prefer a framework of modern techno rhythms from the likes of 808 State, The Orb, and Moodswings.
B0000524CY|4.0|Me and my cousin saw this new version of &quot;The Exorcist&quot;, whoa!, it was really scary, i dob't even dare to buy it on  DVD, if you see it 5 times, you'll get traumatized, for your whole life!, altough i saw it one time, and at the next day, we, were still a bit scared, but i ask myself about the DVD, &quot;Why not a  DTS audio version?&quot;, the Dolby Digital, it's nothing compared to DTS, we saw it on DTS, and it's more scary, and the audio sounds a lot more clearer, also the DVD, it's very mediocre, the features are boring, even &quot;The Book of Life&quot; DVD  features are better, even tough they are just a weblink, production notes, and biographies, i recommend you to see it, but maybe not to own it.
B0000560RV|5.0|.....and then Kid A gave birth to a son and named him Agtis Byrjun.  There is truly something remarkable happening with these lads from Iceland.  There website claims they are the frist vital band of the 21st century and with a release so moving, so beautiful as Agtis Byrjun how can you not doubt them?  I would do whatever it takes to purchase this CD and hear for yourself the sounds of what could possibly be one of the important bands of the upcoming decade.
0812589041|4.0|Ender's Game by Orson Scott Card was a rather unique and extremely exciting novel. This sci-fi book displays interesting interpretations of what the future might hold. The story revolves around a young boy by the name of Ender. Ender is a highly intelligent boy, in fact the most intelligent boy in the world. A government association similar to the FBI runs these tests to see which children are the most intelligent and can become part of their army. At first Ender's brother and sister were both put through the tests but it was soon discovered that they were not the chosen ones. Then the organization requested that Ender be born to the family. Ender was then put to the tests and it was discovered that he is the chosen one. He is the one to head the army against the evil buggers. Ender is forced to move away from his family and on to a spaceship/school in which he will live and have no contact with his family. Here Ender is taught how to fight and he is taught how to teach others. During this process however, Ender is put through a lot of emotional and stressful situations. Mostly in which all of the adults are lying to him and not telling him the truth about things, in addition he isn't the favorite among the other children. This part of the book is highly realistic in the sense that most children at some point go through this in their life. Overall, I highly enjoyed this book, and would recommend it to all students in junior high school. I believe that everyone needs to read this book, just to be able to relate to the situation that Ender is in. In addition, so that everyone can have the opportunity to let this book take them to a place that they could not normally experience.
630575067X|1.0|Padme really needs a new hairdresser. In certain scenes, her hair looks like a paint brush. Obi-Wan has problems, and a really heavy Scottish accent... &quot;Blast us into oblivion&quot;, if anyone who has seen the movie remembers that scene, they'll know what I'm talking about. The boy who plays Anakin can't act at all. He is a really annoying brat! They should have used Hayley Joel Osmond from 'The Sixth Sense'. There is no blood in this movie like in the original trilogy...and almost no concept to the story. It is not developed fully. <br />~White Bird<br />P.S. What did they do to Obi-Wan in Episode II? He looks 45 years old!
0525945636|3.0|A pretty good story about a Federal Agent who loses his memory just at a point in time where he was on the edge of an important breakthrough. As the story progresses, the &quot;amnesia&quot; becomes suspect, as does our Federal Agent Luke. There's more, though, and the twists and turns will keep you wondering. I was left, though, with a feeling that the entire reason for the plot of the story could have been more meaningful somehow. Ken Follett is a good author, and I enjoyed the book, but I couldn't give it more than three stars. There was a depth of some sort that seemed to be missing, and it just didn't entice me the way other Follett books have in the past.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I purchased the Dido CD with the knowledge of two songs off the album &quot;Here With Me&quot; (best known for the TV series Roswell) and &quot;Thank You&quot; - both of which are enjoyable.  But the true standout of this album is the powerful &quot;All You Want&quot;.  A blend of the angry, forceful music of Alanis Morisette and the healing, emotionally strong music of Sarah McLachlan - \\"All You Want\\" has become the favorite off the CD for its rich lyrics and emotion.
B000002KAT|5.0|I've never been a huge Van Morrison fan, but I ran into this album a decade ago and never looked back. It has equally provided comfort at low points, and inspiration during times of joy. Several songs could equally fit a wedding, or a funeral; mourning love lost, or a morning of love-making. Enchanting and captivating, yet peaceful. Earnest and deliberate, yet it flows without being forced. Fabulous!
B00004XQ83|4.0|This music is as beautiful and haunting as it is deep and meaningful. If you're bothering to take the time to read this, I won't waste your time. Simply put, if you're sick of The Backstreet Boys, Britney Spears, Jay Z, and all the manufactured [stuff] that record studios are pumping into the publics' viens, pick this album up right now! I don't usually listen to this bluegrass/soul kind of music, but it's a welcome break from everything else that's &quot;HOT&quot; right now. Just do yourself a favor and pick it up with an open mind.
B000058T5E|5.0|Jeff Beck is a rare artist who is who not content to merely relax and repeat prior work.  In this new album he successfully explores new sounds and combines his technical mastery with a love of sound and adventuresome spirit.   Most artists over 55 have already done their best work and no longer challenge themselves, but Jeff Beck isn't satisfied to wander in familar soundscapes.  This album is completely contemporary and stands up well against his best prior work such as Guitar Shop and Wired.  Anyone who still listens to tired old saws like Cream, Allman Brothers or Led Zeppelin should NOT buy this album.  But if you live in today's world and want to hear a guitar maven play contemporatry music, BUY this CD.  One disadvantage is the short run time, but 40 minutes of excellent music beats 70 minutes of mediocrity every time.  <br />I highly recommend the concert tour promoting this album.  I saw Jeff Beck on 3/18/01 at DC's 9:30 Club and the performance was a sheer delight.  The woman who sings Rollin' &amp; Tumblin' on the new CD plays second guitar and adds some interesting harmonics to Beck's beautiful tone.  She follows Beck's leads with amazing accuracy and precision.  You have to see this band in a non-arena setting to believe how good they are!  Highly recommended!!
B0000070SN|5.0|This concert should be standard listening for every human looking for mind expansion and to travel to the center of your mind.  High volume is the only way to listen to this cd with the ingridient of your choice and let the captain of space ship Hawkwind be the Master of your Universe.  Too bad that no radio station has ever played it in my life time!  Share with your friends this diamond of Space Rock Nirvana!
B0000399WC|5.0|Exciting, extremely entertaining film with McQueen giving possibly his best performance.  Expert pacing and a brilliant, dramatic Jerry Goldsmith score are just two of the factors that contribute to this engrossing movie, with Steve desperately trying and repeatedly failing to escape from the dreaded Devil's Island, a hell-hole of a prison that continuously punishes him with horrific long-term spells in solitary confinement for his attempts at escape.  Hoffman is the intelligent though physically weaker inmate whom he befriends.  Not overlong by any means, though the final 15 minutes are a bit of a let-down, but apart from that this is essential viewing.  It's bleak direction is also interesting I think to compare to that of The Great Escape to see just how films changed in ten years in almost every sense.
0440219078|4.0|Our world today is totally different than Jonas's world. I liked that noone in his world had bad memories about the past to deal with. Only the Giver and Jonas the Receiver of memories received the memories of pain and color.  I also likedthat everyone over 12 had a job in the community. Those are some of the many reasons I liked this book.
B000002UUX|5.0|All things considered Rust in Peace probably stands as Megadeth's greatest album, though some might cite Peace Sells instead. Either way, Rust is a first-rate speed metal extravaganza which showcases the best elements of the genre: it's all fast, furious and aggressive (and yes, *heavy*); but it's also technically complex and precise, well-organized and features some socially-conscious lyrics as well. With the exception of the guitarless throwaway 'Dawn Patrol', every track is worth hearing. 'Hangar 18' has always been a fan favorite as have 'Holy Wars' and the raging title track. This comes at the tail-end of Megadeth's thrash years and indeed near the end of the genre's run of popularity, and it's a mighty fine way to recall the style's glory days.
B000005QH3|4.0|Fast action, terrific photography, great period atmosphere, colorful characters and a first-rate rock soundtrack add up to a true drive-in classic that retains its \\"cult classic\\" reputation even after more than 30 years. <br />The 97-minute print typically seen on cable and video is rumored to be a full 10 minutes shorter than when the movie was first initially released, including a couple of flashbacks featuring Charlotte Rampling that were completely excised.  Perhaps 20th Century Fox will one day offer this gem on DVD with the missing footage included...and, being a real fan of the era that this movie was shot in, I'd love to hear cast and director commentary, also!
B000023VR6|5.0|This album is Dre at his absolute best, a sequel to match sequels. It is totally different from the Chronic, but don't be put off if you thought you liked the Chronic, 'cos you're gonna love 2001 even more...the bangin' beats, the tunes that are without-a-doubt Dre's, and the wicked supports he uses on this album- namely Snoop Dogg, Xzibit, Nate Dogg, Eminem, etc, etc.  I liked almost every tune the first time I heard each of them, and those I didn't like I grew 2 like. The backbone of this album are the beats Dre uses- uplifting, pure gangsta-rap at itz best. These are the sort of beats u chill 2 while hangin' with your mates, the sort of beats that get your head nodding with the vibe.   Particular songs to listen out for are:  'What's the Difference?', a collaboration betweeen Dre and Eminem, whose chorus-tune you may recognise from the background of 'Steve Berman' on Eminem's 'The Marshall Mathers LP'. This tune has the catchiest chorus, and the lyrics are well worth a listen. The beats rock too, no forgetting those beats!  'The Next Episode', a collaboration with Snoop that reached the Top Ten here in England. The unforgettable instrumental intro' to this tune rocks, and the bangin' beats in the background make up what is without a doubt one of the best tracks on this album.  'Bang Bang'- has the catchiest chorus and, again, itz all about those beats!  So, basically, you gotta get this album. It also includes the British hits 'Still DRE' and 'Forgot About Dre', so if you liked them, expect similar tracks on this bangin' CD. The beats you hear in the background of those tracks are what this album is all about, which is where it differs majorly from the Chronic.  2001 don't differ badly from Dre's last album- his music has grown in a different way, but it's sure as hell growin' well.
6304493681|3.0|Ghost in the Shell is a brilliant, highly sophisticated, philosophical film. A film that was made for and requires attentive, intelligent audiences not only because of the subject matter in deals with (artificial intelligence, what makes us human, what is &quot;life&quot;, how do you define a human being, can computer programs develope &quot;souls&quot;) but also because of its highly complex narrative structure (I had to view it several times to fully comprehend everything and I am not ashamed to admit it). If I were forced to compare it to live action SF movies I would choose &quot;2001&quot; or &quot;Pi&quot; (for the overall philosophical tone) and &quot;Strange Days&quot; (for narrative structure). As for the presentation on DVD, Manga Ent. has done a generally fine job (they co-produced this film so they probably had easy access to bonus materials). The making of ducumentary is great and provides many fascinating insights into the technical aspects of the films production as well as on the anime industry in general. Sadly the original Japanese trailer is not on this disc. I also missed the original Japanese credits and the original song that played over them. For the Western release (in the so-called International Version of the film) a new song was composed by either U2 or members from U2 (I am not quite sure) and while it is not nearly as horrible as the new music Manga has put on FIST OF THE NORTH STAR TV, STREET FIGHTER 2 - THE MOVIE and the (UK versions) of the CYBER CITY OEDO OVAs it still lacks the overall ingenuity of Kenji Kawais haunting score. This problem could have been easily solved by putting the alternate credits and music on an alternate video/audio track as seen on the now out-of-print DVD of AD VISIONs BATTLE ANGEL. The original end credits and music can be found on the subtitled VHS release of the film. To further justify why I gave this disc only 3 stars: Manga Ent. actually managed to make spelling mistakes in the subtitles. We are nowtreated to pearls like: &quot;I SPAKE AS A CHILD&quot;. Generally, what you get with the &quot;Ghost in the Shell&quot; DVD is a trully great film on a somewhat flawed disc.
0140284087|5.0|This was a refreshing book to read. Funny and well-written, not only was it an introduction to English vernacular, but it seems Mr. Wodehouse was a huge influence on comedy writers today. Each chapter could have been an episode of any number of sit-coms. But, I don't want to downplay the value of this novel. I can't help but imagine what it was like to look at this as a new genre.<br />But, these &quot;episodes&quot; still aren't as stale as some of those viewable today in primetime. Most are unpredictable, and the situations are unique (somewhat due in part to the time period, but also because they are realistically presented.) All the characters are likeable, even though they each have a teeny bit of deviousness, but that makes them more human. Their funny and they aren't plastic. They aren't completely real, but they aren't completely paper-made either. They're just plain entertaining.<br />The last chapter of this book is the tip-topper of the whole novel. Just like a good show, it brings everything together. You wonder throughout just what Jeeves' angle really is, and in the end you find out. I can't wait to read another installment!
B000059R8Y|3.0|As a professional musician, I have an open mind about other musicians trying different ideas. After all, music is an art and like all art, it should change with the mind of the artist<br />It seems to me that Eric is becoming a victim of his age. Although he is 56 years old (as of March 30) his music seems to be affected by this. On Pilgrim he tore into &quot;Sick and Tired&quot;, definitely not his best blues, but more aggresive than anything on this cd.<br />I see him as having the &quot;Florida Syndrome&quot;: When a native New Yorker reaches a certain age (usually between 50 -60) that person feels the need to move to Florida. I hope Eric gets a boost of Ginseng and makes another album with the spirit of Journeyman. Even &quot;Riding with the King&quot; was a little disappointing despite the collective effort of B.B. King. It really goes to show that these two performers really need the response of a live audience to push them to the limits.<br />I gave this cd 3 stars mainly for him not being affraid to try something new. I hope that this is it for a while and we get into some heavy stuff.<br />This cd is lethargic. For new fans, check out Layla (of course), Wheels of Fire (Cream), and Journeyman.<br />For us real fans who have been following him since the Roosters: Get it for your collection anyway, it can't hurt. Besides, &quot;Come Back Baby&quot; is probably the gem of the recording.<br />PS: Eric, please, NO MORE DRUM MACHINES!
0812505085|4.0|Ifound the book Tresure Island an exciting book like when Jim and his crew faught the pirates. Some parts of the story were boring like when theytalked about mad dog's adventure and the treasure map.Overall for the most part I enjoyed this book becauswe of the adventure I have read many books like this and find them average. I learned many things reading this book about Jim and the pirates I found this book adventurous and for the most part exciting
0385335482|5.0|Absolutely hilarious! I loved this book. I identified completely with the main character's attempts to rationalize completely irrational shopping sprees!
0812505085|4.0|I found the book Tresure Island an exciting book like when Jim and his crew faught the pirates. Some parts of the story were boring like when they talked about mad dog's adventure and the treasure map.Overall for the most part I enjoyed this book becauswe of the adventure I have read many books like this and find them average. I learned many things reading this book about Jim and the pirates I found this book adventurous and for the most part exciting
B00000294R|4.0|Big &quot;L&quot;'s album sounds just as good today as it did back in 95, and ranks as the one of the best hiphop debuts of the nineties.  &quot;L&quot; undeniably had a knack for storytelling with sordid wit, and this made him an immensely entertaining member of D.I.T.C.  &quot;Lifestylez...&quot; is primarily a soundtrack dedicated to his beloved Harlem borough, and many posse tracks testify to this.  &quot;Da Graveyard&quot; has members of the NFL crew, along with some of today's more popular artists back when they were lesser known, like Jay-z and Camron (Killa Cam).  This album is very dark and brooding, with body counts rising with each successive track, but    reflective gems like &quot;fed up with that bulls*it&quot; and &quot;Street Struck&quot; fit in seamlessly, and present &quot;L&quot; as a multi-faceted emcee.  The latter is a joint which is really heart wrenching, as &quot;L&quot; explains the virtues of avoiding criminal activities. &quot;Stay off the corners that might be your best plan/ before you catch a bullet that was meant for the next man.&quot;  These prophetic words are indeed tragic.  Even the production on &quot;Street Struck&quot; is somber sounding, and it especially complements &quot;L&quot;'s lyrics in lieu of his murder.  This track remains my favourite Big &quot;L&quot; song to date, and is worth the purchase of the album alone, but its not like you won't enjoy every other joint on here.  Upon hearing the final two to three of Big &quot;L&quot;'s singles as released on Flamboyant, one truly has an understanding of the progression and evolution this gifted rapper was undergoing.  He certainly would have been the &quot;Most Valuable Poet&quot; on Roc-A-Fella had things run their proper course.      R.I.P. B.I.G.-&quot;L&quot;-PUN.
B000056K04|4.0|I can understand how most long-time fans of DMB can complain about this CD.  There isn't the familiar sound of Dave's acoustic guitar, the absence of group jams cut the tunes to 3-4 minutes, and it seems that the band has sold out their sound a bit to the commercialized cash cow known as pop music.  However, the truth is, it's still great music.  Dave and friends have been playing together for so many years that they thought a change would be refreshing.  I'm a musician, and I know that trends in music are constantly changing (more often now than in the past), and if it isn't new, it's through.  Miles Davis changed and innovated music at least five times in his career, and he's considered to be a genius.  I can't put Dave in the same league as Miles, but you get my example.  Anyways, this CD might not be the best the band has put out, but it deserves a little more credit than it's receiving.
0380789019|3.0|___<br />It's hard to rate books. I am giving 3 (and a half) stars to this book but it's soooo far away from, say, Marquez' &quot;Hundred years of solitude&quot;. I wish there were more than 5 stars to choose from. Anyway...<br />I read the book some time ago and liked it but also, immediately forgot about it. Reading it, I was constantly reminded that this was not a surreal world but rather a parralel underground universe that, sadly, does exist. (Think of children in Romania living in sewers). A good metaphor of our society - people fallen &quot;through the cracks&quot; and abandoned on the streets... ... A reality 'everwhere'... ...<br />___
B000001FI7|5.0|I've noticed reading reviews that sometimes people will give a run down of all of the songs on here, so that's what I'm going to do.<br />1.Mysteron-This is a really weird song, but it sounds so cool it's one of the best<br />2.Sour Times-Duh, many consider it to be the best song, and it is one of the best, it's really groovy<br />3.Strangers-This is just about the only one i'll skip over sometimes, it's still a really cool song though the piano is really cool<br />4.It Could Be Sweet-This is one of the pre-&quot;It's A Fire&quot; songs as I call them. I've noticed this and the other one are kind of on opposite ends of the spectrum when it comes to intensity, but it's still a really great song<br />5.Wandering Star-This is the other pre-&quot;It's A Fire&quot; song, not as intense still but it's still getting closer and it's still a good song<br />6.It's A Fire-This would be the bridge between the two halves of the cd (kinda like Esthero, but that song would be &quot;Country Livin'&quot;. I didn't really like this song as much as the others at first, but after I listened to it more, it's one of the best ones.  It's really gospel and bluesy sounding (especially when she goes &quot;I ain't got nobody, and sholy that ain't right&quot;), the organ is really good<br />7.Numb-This is the first of the intense sounding songs near the end of the album.  This is the first of my three favorite songs that make up the &quot;Holy Trinity&quot; so to speak.  The song is so dark and cool sounding, and Beth's voice is so great<br />8.Roads-Lots of people consider this to be the best song, but it's just one of the many good ones to me.  The strings sound really great, but really it's just another song.  I get this one and &quot;Biscuit' mixed up a lot<br />9.Pedestal-This is the second of the Holy Trinity songs for me, I absolutely love this song, it's so jazzy and cool.  The best part is the trumpet in the middle, oh I love it!<br />10.Biscuit-The one I get confused with &quot;Roads&quot; a lot, still a good song but it seems like kind of a filler song to me.  Not that's it a bad song, it's still an awesome song, the whole album is but this one isn't as important<br />11.Glory Box-This song forms the end of the Holy Trinity, Beth's voice sounds the best in this song (except in &quot;Numb&quot;) and the guitar solo in the middle and the Issac Hayes sample all sound so right together<br />So all in all, this album is a must-have for anyone, not just a trip-hop fan.
B000059R8Y|5.0|Seems that most people either love this album or hate it, and I have to put myself firmly on the side of the lovers.  Yes, this album is a mixture of styles that Clapton has come out with in the last ten years (and some faithful fans of the &quot;old&quot; Clapton won't like that) but if you loved From the Cradle, and still have Unplugged on your list of best albums, you are going to enjoy Reptile.  Riding with the King was easily the best album of 2000, and this may not be up to those standards, but put this album in, turn it up, and get ready for a great time.  I highly recommend.
0380788624|5.0|Just enough non-technical background on cryptography to keep your intellect stimulated, as the intertwined plots of code breaking exploits from contemporary techno-business and Second World War gold-running keep your attention on the edge of its seat. A long satisfying read.
6305308659|5.0|If you don't own a DVD player, this disc will ake the purchase worthwhile.  I watched it again this past weekend and, even after a half-dozen viewings at home, was so thrilled at parts that I almost had to watch standing up.  Some movies invite us to identify with a character, with others we might identify with the director (ex: Taxi Driver).<br />With Pleasantville I connect simultaneously with characters AND the writer/director Gary Ross.  I watch Tobey Maguire deciding to explain what's outside of town to his rapt audience and I feel his thrill and ride along with Ross's control of the material.<br />When I saw it in a theater my friend said, &quot;I'm glad Gene Siskel got a chance to see this before he died.&quot;  I agreed whole-heartedly, if with some sadness.  I feel even more positive about Pleasantville now.<br />If I worried about some of the logic in the story (do people see in color when they fulfill themselves or do they appear in color?) I worry less now.  What appears in color seems more intuitive to me now and I just enjoy it.<br />The DVD has great extras: a stunning Fiona Apple video directed by Paul Thomas Anderson; informative, amazing featurettes on how the effects were done; comment tracks by composer (and grump) Randy Newman and by Ross (who may talk for ten minutes on the highest themes of the movie then mention that a fence had to be lowered so Tobey could jump over it).<br />This movie deserves more attention.
B000055Y0X|5.0|It's hard to believe but during the early 60's there were influential men who did seem to stop worrying and love the bomb.  Henry Kissinger came to DC advocating the option of &quot;limited nuclear warfare&quot;.  General Curtis &quot;Boom Boom&quot; LeMay was known for violating Soviet air space, in what many considered an overt attempt to provoke something &quot;toe to toe with the Rooskies&quot;.  Jack Kennedy made some powerful enemies for peacefully de-escalting the Cuban missle crisis.  Kubrick (and Terry Southern) responded with a brilliant film, featuring classic performances  (including the multi-role brilliant improvisation from Peter Sellers that built from their collaboration in Lolita).  It's impact was to change the topic of conversation from &quot;strategic&quot; to &quot;mutually assured destruction&quot;, helping world opinion to back away from the brink of a casual option (such as calling it for Vietnam).  I sure hope that someone can get the current President to watch it.  Meanwhile, you should see it too.
0393317552|2.0|This is a book of speculation, not science.
B000002H72|1.0|I agree with the last reviewer who said a Phil Collins for the Nineties not even as musically sophisticated as Phil Collins.This album puts me too sleep!
0446677450|5.0|This book really opens your mind about money. Like many others, I came from a middle class family, went to college, got a good eduaction. I just started my career, start buying stuff I always wanted; a classic pattern describe by the author. After reading the book, I begin to understand what I have to do to avoid mistakes many have made. Even my dad, who always tell me and my brother to get good education, work hard; begins to question some of the advises he gave us after reading 1/4 of the book.
B000001Y79|5.0|This CD is absolutely inspired!  Gwen Stefani writes incredibly moving lyrics and the music complements her voice and lyrics perfectly.  &quot;Don't Speak&quot; is an incredibly moving song that just reaches down and grabs ya by the heart.  &quot;Spiderwebs&quot; and &quot;Just a Girl&quot; are just plain fun to listen to and enjoy.  Excellent music and highly reccomended!
0684852756|5.0|Kureishi writes with greater openness and depth about the real nature of intimacy than anything I read in 38 years of marriage.  His novel describes the midlife crisis of a successful but restless intellectual who lives with the bright and efficient working mother of their two young sons.  The enigmatically ending story is dramatically framed as the narrator's reflections, ruminations, and events during the last night before his hypothetical escape from this relationship.  With keen sensibility and deeply penetrating awareness, Kureishi illuminates the seemingly meager joys and strangling frustrations of family life.  He writes unabashedly about: the erratic sex life of friends and lovers; joint therapist visits; his prostate worries; hope for affection; ageing masturbation response; the sullen domestic atmosphere; love as a precondition of human flourishing; his parents' mutual loyalty; modern free-market Thatcherism of the soul; love and women's bodies as the male center of everything;  et cetera.  Other than an elaboration of his exact financial condition, nothing is missing.   Since this brief 30,000-word account is so fascinatingly true at its core and only slightly exaggerated in its particulars, I highlighted, underlined, annotated, and reread it several times.  With often hilarious detail, Kureishi's genius provides in passing more profound insights into the endless struggle for love than any of the PhD-written manuals of theoretical marriage advice.
B00004Z4WQ|5.0|When I'm watching a comedy, I expect it to make me laugh, and if it's a good comedy, then I come out with tears in my eyes and pains in my stomach from laughing at the way it tickles me. &quot;Scary Movie&quot; is one such movie, and is, by far, one of the funniest movies I've ever seen. It made me laugh in ways I never thought possible, and yes, it is overly gross and nasty, but that's just part of its good fun. The laughs keep coming, the cast knows just how to work the material, and the material itself is fall-down funny. <br />The plot is a mix-and-match of the teenage horror franchises that have dominated the big screen in the latter years of the last decade. It combines comedic send-ups of storylines from the &quot;I Know What You Did Last Summer&quot; movies, the &quot;Scream&quot; trilogy, and &quot;The Blair Witch Project.&quot; But to try and summarize it without giving it all away, a girl in the beginning gets killed while getting ready to watch a video, and the kids who knew her at school think it has something to do with the guy that they killed exactly one year ago in their car. As the bodies begin to pile up, the laughs come aplenty, and you'll find yourself laughing at every minute of it. <br />The plot uses a lot of gross-out jokes and toilet humor to bring out the laughs of the parodical situations, which brings the audience to a cross-roads of sorts. Either you laugh at it and enjoy it, or be grossed out by it and dislike the whole thing; with a movie like this, there's really no in between. I found myself laughing my way the entire way through, at pretty much every joke there is to laugh at. Whether it was Shannon Elizabeth incorporating her vanity and wanna-be intellectual attitudes into her role, or comic genius Cheri Oteri's hilarious portrayal of Gail Hailstorm, our favorite reporter who stops at nothing to get her story, the movie kept me entertained in a fashion and style I never thought possible. <br />The parodies pretty much everything you've seen and heard from the popular teen horror movies mentioned above. One scene even pokes fun at the way in which the ages of the characters of these movies do not match the ages of the actors cast for the roles. Another takes place in a movie theater, reminiscent of the opening sequence in &quot;Scream 2,&quot; only this time the girl deserves what she gets. Telling more will only ruin what has become a very popular and outrageous parody. <br />The cast knows what they are doing right from the get-go; they know how to work the material, and they look like they're having fun doing it, too. With the talents of John Abrahams, Carmen Electra, Shannon Elizabeth, Cheri Oteri and so many more, there is never a dull moment here; it is simply that funny! <br />The reason for such a short review: too many surprises to be given away if it were any longer! The movie has so many funny moments that sometimes blinking will result in something missed out on. The jokes are laugh-out-loud funny, the cast is bright and peppy, the plot is tremendously entertaining and engaging, and it just plain rocks.
B00003CWL6|2.0|'American Beauty' is just complete rubbish from beginning to end.  It pretends to be deep and profound, but it is actually shallow and manipulative.  It tires to find quick and easy solutions to people's problems and does not consider the long term conquences.  For example, the main character (Kevin Spacy) quits his professional job to work in a fast-food resturant.  At first he may enjoy it, but how long could he sustain that lifestyle.  How long could he be happy working minimum wage.  Also, his daughter is ready to run away with her drug-dealer boyfriend.  How long do you think such a relationship could last?  The movie does not consider these consequences.  Think about the characters' actions and apply them to real life and you will realize 'American Beauty' is full of crap.
0062502182|5.0|If you like food for thought, this book is a feast.  The story pulls you quickly through the 160 pages, but all the while you want to slow down and think about the concepts.  This book delivers a strong spiritual message without being preachy or biased towards any particular religion.  Inspirational.  Motivational.  Definately worth reading at least twice!
B000056VIY|1.0|I am being nice when I rate this CD one star. I only like one song. Most of the songs just didn't flow. She tries too hard to be hip. I guess I'm on a different wavelength. <br />Save your money and listen to J.Lo on the radio.
B000056VIY|1.0|This album just can't compare to her first and is a real letdown. No real energetic rythmns just bland semi R&amp;B stuff. The only track s worth listening to are the Spanish ones and even then only &quot;Qu Irona&quot; is anything like the standard of her first album. Jennifer has let fame go to her head and she believes her own hype rather than concentrating on quality music. My advice - Don't buy it. There are much better artists to spend your money on.
B0000524E5|3.0|I know my title is some what confusing but allow me to explain. When I went to see this movie had to be the best time ive had in a movie theatre since.....Ever! Everyone was actually dancing and singing and laughing and Ive never seen a movie that made a whole theatre of people do that, it was the best! I thought the opening credits were pretty boring, and certain scenes in the movie too, but I guess you kinda need the love story parts to tie it all together though. I really didnt like Perabo's character very much, she kinda bothered me, I dunno she actually seemed kinda stupid, i cant really explain it. Over all I thought the movie was pretty entertaining and very good...seeing wet girls jump around on a bar wasent so bad either!
B00003CXMG|2.0|After reading through the reviews on this site, I can't believe that I saw the same movie. Although Cameron Crowe specializes in subject matter that doesn't require heavy mental lifting, and he has a more than a little tendency towards smaltz (engraving &quot;You complete me&quot; on wedding bands must be a cottage industry by now), he at least tries to push tired genres forward in his movies (as in his take on the teen love flick in &quot;Say Anything&quot;).<br />With that in mind, and with the rave reviews that &quot;Almost Famous&quot; has received, I was ready for an entertaining couple of hours. What a collosal disappointment. It took me a while to put my finger on why I disliked this movie so much, but then a quote sprung to mind. When talking about the drippy Scott Mackenzie hit &quot;San Francisco&quot;, which tried to descibe the summer of love, hippies, etc., Grace Slick said &quot;We weren't that nauseating&quot;. I guess that's it. Everyone is nauseating in this film, some more than others (and some literally so). <br />Billy is supposedly an above average 15 year old rock fan in the '70s, so above average that he basically runs away from home to go on the road to cover and up and coming band. However, I have never seen a person less interested in rock music. And speaking as a former 15 year old rock fan in the 70s, I would have sold my next of kin to have met Led Zeppelin then. Billy, when presented with a golden opportunity to do so, mearly shrugs and goes on doing whatever the hell he's doing in this movie. (Ok, so maybe he's not a Zep fan. If that's the case, then he isn't a Bowie fan, or a Dylan fan, or a Stillwater fan for that matter.) At one of the 7000 points in the movie that are supposed to have profound meaning, Billy screams to the groupies &quot;What do I mean to you people?&quot;. The answer of course is absolutely nothing. Unfortunately he means absolutely nothing to the audience as well.<br />Speaking of Stillwater, the band I guess issupposed to be a composite of all that is wrong with a hedonistic 70s band on the cusp of success, but stereotypes get in the way. Stereotypes can be a great thing in rock movies (Spinal Tap-need I say more?), but if a film maker is going to try and address the issue at least somewhat seriously, a third dimension is needed to flesh out these characters. Maybe the 70s, like the 60s, are becoming such a cliche that anyone who wasn't old enough to remember them is doomed to perpetuated these tired portrayals, but let's hope not.<br />And speaking of tired portrayals, perhaps there was not greater surprise (and I don't mean that in a good way) than Kate Hudson's take on Penny Lane. I had heard this was a breakout role for her. The only breakout in this film should have been the customers from the theater after watching this tripe maquerading as drama. To me, it is obvious how Hudson got this role. She has a sly, beguiling look that is truly engaging. Unfortunately, this was obvious to Hudson as well, because she uses it about every thirty seconds (and on the movie poster as well). To paraphrase Gertrude Stein (who said remarks are not literature), looks are not acting. She doesn't bear all of the blame, because after all she is yet another two dimensional character from the writers, but next time she plans on portraying a groupie from the 70s, she should rent &quot;The Song Remains the Same&quot; first.<br />Which leaves us with the script. There is a disturbing tendency in films recently. It seems that by adding the &quot;based on a true story&quot; qualifier, writers see that as carte blanche to throw in the most ridiculous garbage. &quot;Almost Famous&quot; is just the latest example of this. The almost plane crash plot device in this film was so transparent that it would have been ridiculed in any intro to script writing class. Besides, it was done much, much better on the last episode of Seinfeld. And please, if any film has had a plot so neatly wrapped up with a pretty bow at the end, I haven't seen it.<br />So for those of you who are too young to know what the 70s rock scene was like, please, please, don't take this as any type of truthful document. Get a good rock documentary like &quot;The Kids Are Alright&quot;. There is a 70s movie put together by an ardent rock fan (who was 19 when he made it) that shows all the highs (and some of the lows) of that time and place.
0679879269|5.0|This was the best book ever!  No joke!  It was better than the other two and had a more complex, more interesting plot.  I didn't put it down until i finished it!  After i did, it left me kind of numb;this was the last book?  really?  nothing more?  i couldn't believe it.  to rub salt in the wound, it was an incredibly sad ending..  i cried and cried!  he writes such sad endings..why?  Pullman also introduces some interesting, thought provoking questions about heaven and evolution... all of the characters are back, and the same surprises and connections (like when in book one, lyra found out who her father and mother were). Definetly read the first two first.   It sort of reminded me of the sally lockheart series-some of the characters.  Again, it is easily one of the best books ever.
0345298349|5.0|Clever and moral Arkady Renko, a Moscow police detective, must solve a gruesome triple homicide in Gorky Park, Moscow's version of New York's Central Park. The mutilated victims have had their faces and fingerprints removed, making identification problematic.<br />Arkady wends his way through a minefield of political intrigue unique to Soviet Russia. This is what makes the well-crafted tale so fresh to American readers. Smith does an excellent job of exposing Russian culture to us. The detective must solve the murder while simultaneously living up to his famous father's reputation, and living through the KGB's vendetta for past accusations of corruption.<br />Sable furs, nasty Americans, pretty Russian women, and betrayal at every turn. This book has it all. One of the best in the genre. --Christopher Bonn Jonnes, author of Wake Up Dead.
B0000021RG|5.0|The individuality captured during any live performance is why we buy those recordings in the first place and one who purchases &quot;Chicago-Live at Carnegie Hall&quot; will not be disappointed.  The band is together with their off beat syncopation style that made them famous.  The late Terry Kath and his guitar are one on &quot;South California Purples&quot;.  Jim Pankow leading the brass and woodwinds shows us why these guys have produced over 20 albums and still counting. Danny Seraphine was a mentor to many a drummer back in the 70's with his solo in &quot;I'm a Man&quot;. Plus, who can ever forget the smooth voice of Peter Cetera.  Those who expect to hear &quot;Studio&quot; Chicago should steer clear of this one. In my experience as a musician, when you're in front of over 1,000 fans in a venue like Carnegie Hall, you play your heart out and you do it right cause there's no &quot;let's do that on again&quot; available.  You'll hear different solos than those on studio versions. I say relax and enjoy. This is Chicago doing what they do best...playing music and improvisation. I just wish they'd make us a DVD live concert performance to have after they've all hung up their instruments.
B00000JFV9|5.0|I've never written a review but feel compelled to recommend Curtis Mayfield's &quot;Superfly&quot; as a must-have album. I purchased the album when it was first released in the 1970s, and it remains perhaps the best of the hundreds of records and CDs I have purchased since that time. The funk groove is potent, the instrumentation is tight, and the lyrics -- aaahhh, the lyrics -- are searing, insightful, and powerful. Mayfield's gentle tenor provides a wonderful, almost ironic, sheen to such powerhouse lyrics -- like a velvet glove encasing a steel fist. I can think of no flaws.
0807286044|5.0|This was easily one of the best books i have ever read by far!  You definetly have to read the other books first, though.  I think it is the best of the three.  There is adventure, suspense and a little love.  When i finished it, i couldn't believe that was the end of everything!  No more books-- it left me sort of numb.  It was such a sad ending i cried and cried.  Why does he always have to be so sad??  A total page turner that leaves nothing behind.  Pullman introduces a pretty shocking topic-something that made me think alot.  His writing is so good.  After i finished that series i read the sally lockheart ones, which sort of reminded me of them.  Anyway, the best book ever---seriously.  Definetly one of those desert island books.  So read it!
6305265488|5.0|This is one of the most cleverly written and acted adaptations of the classic Cinderella story.  A nearly flawless film with beautiful scenery, unforgettable acting and a well thought out plot more than compensate for Drew Barrymore's awkard british accent. Many unexpected plot twists, enjoyable costumes and funny situations make this a first rate film for the whole family.
0060920386|5.0|This book reads like a novel.  Scandal and intrigue rule the day.  It's a great look back how the LBO pigs of the 80s did their business.  For a more up-to-date assesment of the investment banking swine I would advise folks to check out Monkey Business: Swinging Through the Wall Street Jungle.  It's rough around the edges, but funny as hell.
0141301155|5.0|Charlie and the chocolate factory is one of the most fun books to read. It is enjoyable for people that just love chocololate. This book has made me want to read more on the author of it. He is very inspiring when he write and is hilarios. GO GET THIS BOOK. YOU WILL LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!!
0684171600|5.0|I thought Tresure Island was a great book. I thought that everything in the book was very realistic and that people of all ages would like this book.This book was both adventuresum action packed. If you do not like reading i think that you wold probably enjoy reading Treasure Island by Robert Louis Stevensen.
0783241569|4.0|What would you do  if one day a world-famous actor walked into your struggling bookstore? You find out in this romantic comedy destined for success.  In one of Julia Roberts better roles, she acts straight from the heart, and her and Hugh Grant's chemistry surprisingly works quite well.  Although at times it seems a bit dreary, the feeling quickly disappears when you see the press conference, in a wonderful conclusion to a sweet and charming &quot;chick flick&quot;. All in all, this timeless tale is a heartwarming story of two people who make the perfect fit in an imperfect world.
B000059MEK|2.0|OK HouseWork was cool 4-5 star, enough said.  Discovery noteven close, seems like a ... cop out to earn a quick buck on Daft Punks Part.  A lot of cheesy breaks and fillers, time killers etc etc. I'm pretty discusted that so many people gave this a decent review!<br />Doesn't anyone here listen to good music?
B00004Z459|3.0|From the burning rumble of crap that is rap-rock some bands of this cross-breed genre show hope (even if they desperatly need a new single) and one such band is Linkin Park.  The c.d. is Hybrid Theory and it deserves some respect for not sucking. The single (though abit old now) was strong enough to drag me in and the other tracks good enough to keep me listening. Papercut is one of the better tracks keeps you listening till the next track and the system repeats itself. The maine problem with this c.d. it's abit repetative. The next c.d. should be much better leaving hope for a genre.
B000002UWP|4.0|This cd brings back really great childhood memories, and I rediscovered this album a couple years ago.  Oddly, it makes an excellent companion to Anne Rice's Vampire Chronicles.  I have no clue why, but the music totally goes with the books.
6304383827|4.0|Once again, Gwyneth Paltrow doesn't hold anything back in this lovely and refreshing version of Emma. Captivating view, acting, and script makes this a joy to watch. You'll cringe when she insults, be sad when she is, and laugh at everyone's antics. All aspects of this glorious film are well done, and in conclusion, this movie leaves almost nothing more to be desired in a film. Good, clean fun!
0767849493|5.0|This provocative and fabulous movie has been dubbed scandal, simplistic and tasteless; that it undermines society's accepted moral codes, insults moral and family values; that it's rude and cruel, blasphemous an sacrilegious.Indeed, this movie deserves scathing comments from deeply religious people. That's way they can skip this review, and I'm sure this movie has not been made for them.<br />As for the rest of you, young, unbiased and open-minded, who do not base their world view on stale concepts and narrow-mindedness, I say that this movie is extremely inventive and funny, bears clear moral message and has half-a-dozen excellent actors' performances. It is a fairytale for adults that will make you smile and laugh out loud as well as think about your own attitude toward God and his Order on this planet.<br />Why such an abyssal difference of opinions then? Because Dogma is about things one usually does not make jokes about: the Church, God and heavenly hierarchy. However, it will hardly insult a truly religious (not fanatical) person, for Mr Kevin Smith, the Director, does not for a second doubt the Divine existence, but offers his interpretation in a way of a comics: Bethany, a definite non-believer, is warned by divine messenger that she is the last scion of Jesus and only she can help stop the world from destruction from two fallen angels. On her way she's joined by two prophets (actually, reminding two sexually-frustrated youngsters, one of them hilariously portrayed by K Smith himself), 13th apostle and divine muse (a strip-dancer). They have to withstand assaults of demons and other scum. Why God can't intervene and save the world? Watch and find out!<br />In short, it has been the most original and entertaining movie of its kind that I have seen in 2 years. And it has not altered my beliefs an ounce!
0385335482|5.0|Move over Bridget Jones, Rebecca Bloomwood has arrived with Visa card in hand. Becky is a financial journalist who writes for a magazine that helps people manage their money. Unfortunately she is not very good at taking her own advice and that is where the laughs begin.<br />Becky is dramatic, flighty, and imaginative; the wheels never stop spinning in that head of hers. Her rationalizations will have you laughing out loud. Of course this is a never-ending source of trouble in her life, but it might just be her saving grace in the end. Her frivolous antics will bring her adventures that no one person could expect. This was a most enjoyable book and I can't imagine the person who wouldn't laugh at this character in action. Well worth the time.  Kelsana  3/19/01
B000002KHY|3.0|This is everything a &quot;greatest hits&quot; album should be: a collection of an artist's most popular, seminal work over a certain time span. That all of these songs are still very much in the popular domain is testimony to James Taylor's incredible mastery and influence. However, the recordings on this set have long been eclipsed by the 1994 double &quot;Live&quot; set, which boasts better recording values, a wonderful sense of occasion, and the incomparable late Carlos Vega on drums. While it comes in at (more than) twice the price, it contains every song on this CD and a whole lot more. Even a marginal JT devotee should not regret buying that instead.
B00000JLX0|5.0|I absolutely love this movie. I got this collector's edition, and its great! You know the movie, so I will just write about the benefits of this peticular edition. It comes eith a 24 page book of great scenes from the movie, along with qoutes and a very interesting opening by James Cameron. Along with this is a film strip (each box comes with one of seventen). The film strip is framed in a pretty matte frame. Along with this is the wiidescreen edition (VERY nice) of Titanic in Two video cassetes. The whole package comes in a pretty box with an inside picture of some scenes. If you already own the Titanic movie, it is probably not worth getting for the book/strip, but if you don't, this is a very nice package to get.
B0000508U6|5.0|I am always afraid that I will purchase a CD and like one song.  I was PLEASANTLY surprised with the whole thing.  It is GREAT.  AWESOME DEBUT
0385335482|3.0|Ok, you can't help but like Rebecca Bloomwood's character, but did anyone start to get a little annoyed at her shallowness?  Well, I did.  As she shops, and shops, and shops some more...she she stresses out and gets nasty letters from the bank.  Big deal...but this was going on for most of the book.  Finally things start to happen and the story gets pretty good.  <br />'Confessions of a Shopaholic' is a 'cutsie' little book that I couldn't wait to finish.
0812589041|5.0|When someone picked this book for our bookclub, I cringed.  I didn't want to read this book at all.  I thought it would be your typical geek-speak novel with in depth discussions on how circuits work and why a byte is better than a bit.  Wrong!  This book is great.  Easy to read, good story, great character development, and a page-turner to boot.  I loved the fantasy elements of the story.  Card painted a world that is equally possible and fantastic.  His treatment of Ender, boy genius, is poignant and tragic.  At times it's hard to think of Ender as a child, but Card makes sure that the reader is aware that this is a small boy who would be more content skipping rocks on a lake than saving the world.  This is a story of betrayal, obedience, manipulation and survival at any cost.  To quote Dr. Spock &lt;yes, I'm going to totally geek out right now&gt;  &quot;The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few, or the one.&quot;  That is a recurring theme throughout the novel.  Anyone is expendable if it means saving the world, or the government, or the agenda of top-level politicians, or the job of one politician.  The question is, who decides who's important and who's expendable?  Would you give your life or your child's life if the government asked you too?  Ender's game will make you think about all of these questions.  Buy and read it, I think you'll enjoy it.
0553579908|5.0|You might expect another roller-coaster ride, having read the outstanding first book &quot;A Game of Thrones&quot;.  While I believe that novel has the edge on this one, this is still an excellent book.  <br />Where &quot;A Game of Thrones&quot; is Star Wars, &quot;A Clash of Kings&quot; is The Empire Strikes Back.  Sorta.  Thematically, you know?  :)  Its not as pure fun as the first one, but it's a deeper novel where not everything happens as you hope.  And of course, nothing ever happens as you expect it to (thank you george thank you).<br />The future of the series notwithstanding, this is hands down the best fantasy series I have ever read.  My suggestion: read one chapter at a time, so you can savor it...<br />PS. My favorite character is still Arya!
0151001634|4.0|This book, as everyone has said, deals well with the concept of a person who rises from retardation to genius and then falls back.  However, it is marred by two flaws.  First, the conclusion Charlie comes to is that friendship, not intelligence, gives meaning to life.  Despite mentioning God briefly, he is not investigated.  As a friend, Charlie uses people.  If we place the meaning of life in friendships they will disapoint and eventualy disappear.  Clearly, this answer to the meaning of life is not adaquate for everyone.  Second, Charlie seems preocupied with sex.  In the end he matures to the point that he is free to enjoy casual premarital sex with a friend.  Along the way he is even less mature.  This behavior, while a route taken by many, is not exemplary.  Hopefully, some of the children's versions cut these flaws.
0380796090|4.0|This book had me literally laughing out loud.  Claire, the main character is a 29 year old woman who gave birth and whose husband left her on the very same day. She moved from London to Dublin to recover with her quirky, nutty family.  Once there, she meets Adam...the perfect specimin of a man (like Derek Jeter)...who's interested in her! The internal conversations that Claire has with herself are completely neurotic, yet you can identify with them at the same time.  I definitly recommend this book for some light, relaxing reading.
B00003CXSP|1.0|Just before I left to the cinema to see this, I recieved a phone-call from a friend of mine who had just returned from her viewing. She said it was simply rubbish and that I shouldn't waste my money. &quot;But of course, you'll see it anyway.&quot; And by god was she right. First thing, WHY do American films have the NEED to make everyone in the world speak english (even aliens seem to speak it) I was kicking the chair in front of me during the whole time when Lecter was in Italy, and all the italians were walking around speaking english.<br />Okay, so that can be pardoned... I mean, subtitles don't make for a big box-office success, now do they? Let's comply to the norm, even if it makes the film look stupid. <br />Then there was nothing. At all. Just a build-up to something which never came. It feels as if they only had the dinner scene and thought &quot;ok, let's build fluff around this&quot;. And if the ending in the book was so &quot;unadaptable&quot; by hollywood standards (okay, so it WAS a bit poo) why bother making the film? <br />Acting was good though. But there wasn't much to act with. No interaction, no chemistry. One dinner scene and Voila! the film was finished. END
B0000542DG|4.0|FINAL DESTINATION is an imaginative, and thought-provoking film, a refreshing change of pace from the usual slasher films.  The movie has an incredibly ominous feel throughout and sets a mood that is sustained throughout the film.<br />Although some of the elaborately staged deaths are a bit overblown, they nonetheless are frightening and disturbing.  The scene in the beginning when the plane actually DOES blow up has an apocalyptic feel to it.  We saw what happened in Alex's pre-flight premonition, so that when the only thing we see is the plane exploding, it packs a pretty big wallop.<br />Devon Sawa does a commendable job as the accursed Alex, and Ari Lester is appropriately heroic as soulmate Claire.  It's one of the few teen movies where the actors actually looked and behaved like teens!  One death in particular, involving blonde Terry, comes out of nowhere so fast, we actually gasped when it happened.  It's been a long time since a horror movie has done that!<br />All in all, with its few flaws considered, it is a refreshing look at how death always wins.
B00003CXDG|4.0|A lot of Woo fans did not like this one. &quot; ITs not (insert ultra-violent Woo hong kong film here)&quot; they say. of course not. Woo will never make anything like Hardboiled again because in Hollywood, u cant have that much violence!! So accept that. This movie was a lot of fun to watch. Perfect summer entertainment!! Not too much complexity or depth considering its a Woo film but who cares? Most summer movies lack depth in order to be fun. The reason this film did not live up to expectations for many, including me was that there was not enough violence. but the movie was PG-13!! For that rating they managed to put in a good amount of action. Woo's direction moves the film along even if it slags at some points. But once the action starts u realize this movie is cool. The lab shootout, chase and beach fight are damn cool. Woo shows his talent for action here. As for the movie being unrealistic? whats the title of this movie? MISSION IMPOSSIBLE! And besides most Woo films go for whats cool over whats possible. Obviously u cant jump off motercylces and slam into each other, fall 50 feet and survive but who cares? suspend your disbelief and u will have fun. The aciton scenes are amazing.
B00000099Y|5.0|WOW!. i first listened to TOOL from their first CD opiate(also great) but this CD is just simply breathtaking the band came together to make one of the Best if not the best CD i have ever heard. with maynard's lyrics and voice and the combination of rhythm and guitars is just AWSOME! if u dont have this album your either living in a whole or ur an idiot...
0792843584|5.0|first things first. How do you rate the movies you love ? Do you employ standard templates ? Assuming you don't -and please note I used the word love, not admire -then you'll understand if I suggest you look beneath the mountains of negative hyperbole heaped upon this picture. After all, do you love your girlfriend because she has a straight nose and geometric hair ? The things we love speak to us on levels it is hard to define, let alone rationalise. Nevertheless, this is a review, so I'm going to try to explain how it is possible to be utterly beguiled by a movie that is &quot;overlong&quot;, &quot;overblown&quot;, &quot;overwrought&quot; etc etc etc. Buy this film. Sit down. Absorb. You will seldom, if ever, have seen something that so thoroughly conveys a sense of time and place. The experience is alienating. It is supposed to be. You do not live in a frontier town in the nineteenth century. Let yourself go. Drink it in. Gradually ( remember when films were allowed to work themselves upon the audience gradually ? ) the traditional elements of character, theme, plot and trajectory unfurl. Because of this almost organic imprinting of the tale upon your subconscious you may come away feeling you've dreamt the whole thing. Certainly, no character pushes his way through the swing doors of the saloon to give a trite exposition of the plot at any point. You're grown-ups. You can work it out. If you can't, then you can marvel at the way Michael Cimino somehow managed to survive the desperate attentions of the accountants at the studio to deliver a work which does not, in any tiny detail, compromise on production values. He built a train station for Christ's sake. Aah, but now I'm beginning to do precisely what you, in the year 2001, have no need to do -judge this film on the history of it's creation. Don't. Just watch the thing. Personally, I'd pay the price of admission to see the rollerskating violinist alone. Never thought you'd see one of those in a western ? Please, don't think too hard about what you're expecting of this movie. It delivers entirely on it's own terms. I love it.
B000056K04|1.0|like too many other bands before them, the dmb has left behind their ground-breaking song writing and unique skills in order to become just another pop/alterna-band.  this album has only a few moments of interesting music.  nothing here is new, or exciting, or impressive. instead we are given dribble.  this CD is a waste of time and money. don't make the mistake i did, leave this one on the shelf.  if you wan't dmb worth listening to, pick anything else.
020530902X|5.0|While skimming through Stephen King's book ON WRITING, he highly recommended THE ELEMENTS OF STYLE. Taking his advice I searched for a copy and found one in a free bin--of all places! I looked at it and decided that it was so much better than any other textbook that I had seen that I decided to WRITE IT. Three pages a day for a month or so. It's a very short book, only about 80 pages or so. You learn everything from words that are often spelled wrong, to punctuation, to style, etc. Very blunt and to the point. No exercises in here, problems 1 - 10 all. Nope, you just read this book and enjoy it. Why, there's actually a little humor in it at times, which is pretty good for a textbook. Now I've heard some people say that this book is bad because it is saying to follow all these rules and don't stray from them. I think they got it all wrong. This book is essentially saying this: you can't blaze new trails in the English language without having a solid foundation in the basics first! This goes for ANYTHING. You don't suddenly set off an a 200 mile trek, you slowly work up to it, starting from the basics. After you have mastered the basics, then you can break free. One thing that this book continually points out is that it is OFTEN A MATTER OF EAR. Meaning that if you are experienced enough, you will know whether to stick to the traditional or whether to be liberal when phrasing something, for example. By far this is the most talked-about textbook that I've seen and the most valuable.
6303921248|5.0|I read the whole book in one night and loved it. I thought that there was no way that this movie could live up to the book, but I was very wrong indeed. It was the most accurate movie adaption of a book that I've ever seen. It actually increased my love for P&amp;P. Everyone was perfectly cast, especially Elizabeth and Darcy. The few liberties that were taken with the original text were hardly noticable and seemed to fit in with the whole of it. (Even though it didn't say that Mr. Darcy jumped in the lake at Pemberley, I enjoyed it heartily.) The movie has improved on me with subsequent viewings, to the point where I'd watch it every day if I had the time. The cinematography is beautifully done, especially the wonderful dance scene with E&amp;D. Even my teenage brother has been drawn into it, which is high recommendation from a boy who thinks that &quot;the matrix&quot; is the only movie that ever existed. My only complaint is that one is forced to buy it on 6 tapes, when the video store rents it on two. Although I would pay almost anything for it, it seems rather cruel on the part of A&amp;E to split it up for the sake of profit.
0380002930|5.0|...I remember that I started reading this book late at night, and I was so involved with the story that I read up to page 40+ (I'm a slow reader) and would have read more if it weren't for plain-old tiredness. I finished this book shortly after. Part fantasy, part fiction.... A very dense, complicated storyline that is fun to read. Memorable characters, memorable stories..., memorable book. I don't think that there's enough words to compliment this book, but it is certainly one of the best I've read. I'm 20 years old, if that's an indication as to how old you have to be in order to enjoy it. Buy it, read it, enjoy it. It's a GREAT READ!
B00003CX6P|4.0|Okay, no need introduction.THE TALENTED Mr RIPLEY can easily take place in yours DVD collection...WHY? Because the film script is amazing, there is great actors(Gwineth Paltrow, Cate Blanchett, Jude Law and the talented Mr Damon), directed by a good filmaker(Minghella)and a lot of specials features (of course less than FIGHT CLUB or T2, but interesting bonus).I have this DVD and i am proud it is in my collection. Maybe too long for persons who aren't really keen on cinema, but see it 1 time when you can, you will make your choice. If you are keen on cinema...
B000002HMH|5.0|I really don't know why people keep nagging metallica for this album and those after,although i love all the ones before it the late albums are my favorites because they finally show off how truly great they are musically,not just fast.Kirk Hammett's guitar playing has always been brilliant and although the black album proved that without a doubt songs like &quot;2 x 4&quot; also show off what a great blues guitarist he is.James Hetfield's vocals have matured as has his guitar playing,he's finally playing more of a rythm role than just the power chords and machine gun riffs.Jason Newstead's playing has only gotten better,and Lars Ulrich's playing has finally went in to that category of tempo setting as opposed to showing off how fast he is,and not to mention the writing has really improved although not much given how great it was before but now it's not as dark and they really appear to be going for more poetic structure.The whole direction that this album sent them in makes them only a greater band in my eyes and they will finally gather the respect they deserve because of it.
0375703764|4.0|The main crux of this book won't be found in the Navidson record. In face, the &quot;main&quot; story of this book is written in a achedemic style that's rather dry, the horror elements rather dull. What really shines in this book is not what's in the main text, but what's slowly growing in the footnotes left by Jonny Truant. These footnotes, along with the letters from his mother, are the real gem of this book. It's here were the true horror is found; not the horror of some strange house and the people that live there; but the horror of mental illness. Here you watch Truant's obsession over the papers by Zapano slowly decline into madness. One suggestion is not to ignore the appendix containing the letters from Truant - there's a hint of something sinster in the background. Take the time to decypher them - it adds needed depth and history to the Truant character. If I were read this book again, I'd skim over the main text and concentrate more on what's happening in the footnotes.
B000050FEN|5.0|Wow! What an amazing movie, and the DVD version has more goodies on it than I have had time to explore so far.  What I love about the movie is that it is art - you can enjoy it on a purely visceral, gut-emotion, brain-dead horror/detective movie sort of way, but you can also enjoy it on an intellectual level.  Great scriptwriting in that regard - art should be enjoyable as it is, but has so much more meaning when one is left with questions and thoughts and a changed perception after seeing the art (whether film, music, paintings, etc.).  The cinematography is beautifully matched with the story - tight shots, many shots of the characters in confined and very dark places as they look at the mutilated bodies, lots of rain, a collection of great camera angles, and some freaky hand-held camera work.  The frenetic nature of the opening, and the plethora of angular, pointy fonts for the opening credits, all add to the moodiness and the spookiness of the film, and the sense of hopelessness for the present and the future that pervades the film.  The acting is topnotch, although Brad Pitt is every now and again a little too Brad Pitt-ish, but those moments are quickly over.  But mostly what is great is the story - a man so consumed with the desire to rid the world of its sins that he starts killing what he thinks are the worst examples of each sin.  I will not give anything away here, so keep reading - the ending is a total cliffhanger, and the real meat of the story.  All I thought was \\"Wow!\\" What would I have done in that situation?  And one is forced to sympathize in many ways with the killer - like Hannibal Lechter, he's very precise about the people that he kills.  Not random killing, and not for enjoyment or fun, but to rid the world of people they feel unfit for their abhorrent sociological/cultural interaction with the world.  For Hannibal, it's the artless non-cultured non-aesthetes; for John Doe in Se7en, it's people who exude sin, and by association, he's hoping to kill the whole culture that allows those sins to take place.  Kevin Spacey is a really spooky intentional murderer with a prophetic mission - his character is quietly spoken, reserved, and yet cold-blooded and lacking remorse when speaking of the murders. A chillingly acted role.<br />I do think the story has a few less-than-perfect moments, as other reviewers have noted, and I think the movie would have been stronger had those issues been addressed.  I would like to see more development in the relationship between Brad Pitt and his wife, and more usage of John Doe's bizarre apartment and his writings, which receive only minimal coverage.  I also wish that they would have found John Doe with a more interesting method than having someone illegally run a search on library checkouts for certain books.  That was just too easy.  But what was brilliant was John Doe giving himself up, the methods of killing, the cinematography, and the ending.  I loved Morgan Freeman's lack of action at the final scene - it added to his nihilistic demeanor, and made the characters that much more human, because they fail, and there is no happy resolution, just like real life often is.<br />Beautiful, brilliant writing, and wonderfully filmed.  An amazing movie that any detective story or horror story fan will like, and a movie that anyone who likes seeing the art of movie making will enjoy, even if they aren't so keen on detective or horror.<br />And as I said, this DVD version is a real treat - two DVDs, three different versions of the movie, and a bunch of other stuff.  Yow! Buy it!kill the whole culture that allows those sins to take place.  Kevin Spacey is a really spooky intentional murderer with a prophetic mission - his character is quietly spoken, reserved, and yet cold-blooded and lacking remorse when speaking of the murders. A chillingly acted role.<br />I do think the story has a few less-than-perfect moments, as other reviewers have noted, and I think the movie would have been stronger had those issues been addressed.  I would like to see more development in the relationship between Brad Pitt and his wife, and more usage of John Doe's bizarre apartment and his writings, which receive only minimal coverage.  I also wish that they would have found John Doe with a more interesting method than having someone illegally run a search on library checkouts for certain books.  That was just too easy.  But what was brilliant was John Doe giving himself up, the methods of killing, the cinematography, and the ending.  I loved Morgan Freeman's lack of action at the final scene - it added to his nihilistic demeanor, and made the characters that much more human, because they fail, and there is no happy resolution, just like real life often is.<br />Beautiful, brilliant writing, and wonderfully filmed.  An amazing movie that any detective story or horror story fan will like, and a movie that anyone who likes seeing the art of movie making will enjoy, even if they aren't so keen on detective or horror.<br />And as I said, this DVD version is a real treat - two DVDs, three different versions of the movie, and a bunch of other stuff.  Yow! Buy it!
B000002ORU|5.0|One of the very best box sets ever devoted to an artist, Maximum R&amp;B is the one compilation which accurately captures the scope, breadth, vision and humour of the Who. All of the expected hits are there, broadened with the best album tracks, live cuts, zany humour from Moon and Entwistle and excellent remastered sound. But the great thing about this set is the story it tells: that of the eternal mystery of rock, that something so rooted in adolescence and frustration can at the same time be so communicative, adult and revelatory. The Who embodied this mystery better than any other group before or after. Thus this story is a tragedy, a soap opera, a triumph and, yes, a comedy. If your interest in The Who goes beyond the casual, try to get this exemplary compilation. It's renewed all of my old love for the band.
6305127689|1.0|There are some directors who can take all the movie cliches and work them into a movie brilliantly.  Those movies are always comedies, however, and are poking fun at directors and scriptwriters whose unceasing use of cliches brings the art of moviemaking down to a corrupt, base level.  Top Gun is such a movie -filled throughout with clich&eacute; after clich&eacute; after clich&eacute;.  I cannot remember anything in this movie that has a shred of originality in it.  I give the director and writer credit for having discovered a way to create an entire film with only acting cliches, cinematic cliches, dialogue cliches, situation cliches, clothing cliches, stereotype cliches, relation cliches, you name it.  Were this movie intended as a comedy, as it should be, it would be brilliant.  Being that it is intended as a serious movie, however, I find the thing abhorrent and completely without merit, except the beautiful film work of the airplanes, which is itself yet another rehash of aerial filming cliches.  Of all the really popular movies I don't like, this movie is always the first one I bring up when I am discussing just how horribly low, and how horribly in-search-of-a-dollar-and-damn-the-artistry that movie making can succumb.  I can't think of any movie that has a greater ratio of pure-badness to sheer-popularity.  It's like a Sheena Easton or Celine Dion CD.<br />\\"Take my breath away\\" as the main song? That should be proof enough for any serious thinking person to avoid this movie forever (except as study material for how to make a fully artless movie).  Is that not the most bland, corporate produced song you've ever heard? No, wait - there was that God-awful Bryan Adams song in \\"Robin Hood\\", too.<br />This movie is simply proof that, if you write something really dumb, truly senseless, clich&eacute;-ridden, and have it acted really poorly, but have fast planes and a few flag waving moments, then bovine unthinking America will willingly burst their collective lungs running as fast as they can to give you money for it.  Perhaps this movie should get five stars for being such a wonderful and obvious critique of how completely bland and tasteless the American movie-going public actually is.  Except, of course, that the makers (as I mentioned) obviously weren't making a social critique with this movie (Americans will not pay money to be led in thought).  The creators were simply tuned-in very well to what stupid people are willing to pay far too much money, and thus created, quite ironically I say, a movie with nothing in it that speaks of actually being creative.<br />If you're a person with a pre-adolescent sense of what love relationships are, an undeveloped sense of right and wrong, and/or an elementary-school level of ability to hold relationships with friends, then you will likely think the romance in this is great, and that the revenge part of it are great.<br />I hate this movie.  I think I hate this movie more than any other movie out there (although there are worse-made films - Plan 9 from Mars comes to mind).  I hate this movie so much for two reasons: 1) nothing in it is creative or original or thought out or interesting, 2) that fact that it is so popular speaks to me of how low the culture in my beloved country truly is.  Now don't get me wrong - it's a heck of an enjoyable film, and very entertaining if you can stop your brain and your soul from being appalled.  Please feel free to enjoy it, but please, people, stop calling it a good film, or \\"the best film\\", or that it \\"speaks so well about relationships and friendships\\" and realize that as an artistic creation, this is one of the most abominable films because of its absolute lack of integrity.y can to give you money for it.  Perhaps this movie should get five stars for being such a wonderful and obvious critique of how completely bland and tasteless the American movie-going public actually is.  Except, of course, that the makers (as I mentioned) obviously weren't making a social critique with this movie (Americans will not pay money to be led in thought).  The creators were simply tuned-in very well to what stupid people are willing to pay far too much money, and thus created, quite ironically I say, a movie with nothing in it that speaks of actually being creative.<br />If you're a person with a pre-adolescent sense of what love relationships are, an undeveloped sense of right and wrong, and/or an elementary-school level of ability to hold relationships with friends, then you will likely think the romance in this is great, and that the revenge part of it are great.<br />I hate this movie.  I think I hate this movie more than any other movie out there (although there are worse-made films - Plan 9 from Mars comes to mind).  I hate this movie so much for two reasons: 1) nothing in it is creative or original or thought out or interesting, 2) that fact that it is so popular speaks to me of how low the culture in my beloved country truly is.  Now don't get me wrong - it's a heck of an enjoyable film, and very entertaining if you can stop your brain and your soul from being appalled.  Please feel free to enjoy it, but please, people, stop calling it a good film, or \\"the best film\\", or that it \\"speaks so well about relationships and friendships\\" and realize that as an artistic creation, this is one of the most abominable films because of its absolute lack of integrity.
B00004R9A4|5.0|Critics should stop comparing this film to Mary Poppins! I LOVE Mary Poppins, and sure it's one of the best movies ever made, but I LOVE this movie too and did not want to see a remake of Mary Poppins! This one is almost more of a child pleaser than Mary Poppins, with it's more involved animated sequences and it's main character simply admitting to being a witch! Mary Poppins is probably for slightly older viewers. This story, about a good witch and three children in search of a magical spell that could scare off the Nazis is great fun for everyone! Buy it! It's awesome, and certainly worth the money!
6300215741|5.0|Hitchcock's next film after Rear Window is a breezy light comedy about a former jewel thief John Robie (Cary Grant) and a rich young American woman Frances \\"Francie\\" Stevens (Grace Kelly) traveling the Riviera with her mother Mrs. Stevens (Jessie Royce Landis). At first Francie is attracted to Robie because she gets a sexual thrill out of the idea of romancing and then catching a thief, especially a thief as handsome and sophisticated as embodied by Mr. Grant. Due to a rash of jewel thefts among some of the richest people along the Riviera, the police suspect that Robie has fallen back into his life of crime. Determined to prove his innocence, Robie decides only he can catch the real thief. After her mother's jewels are stolen, Francie, at first still not convinced that Robie isn't a thief, decides to help him, with the full cooperation and help of her mother. The three, along with the assistance of insurance agent Hughson (John Williams) set a trap for the cat burglar at an elaborate costume party given by one of Riviera society's richest inhabitants. This picture has all the great Hitchcock touches that have become his trademarks: the beautiful playgrounds of the very rich, a handsome cast all dressed to perfection by Edith Head, enough action and plot twists to keep things moving along at a nice clip, and the \\"surprise\\" ending when the real thief is revealed. Add all that with screenwriter John Michael Hayes's witty and sexually charged dialogue (filled with double entendres) and you have a movie movie that is tough to beat. If Rear Window elevated Kelly to superstar status, To Catch A Thief helped solidify and perfect her image as the hot and cold running blond of the 1950s. The cast is in top form, with Landis turning in a great comic performance that is both witty and profound. The color cinematography won an Academy Award for capturing the beauty of the Riviera (and it is picture-postcard-perfect). This film is a must for Hitchcock, Grant, and Kelly fans, andfor anyone else who enjoys a movie for which popcorn was invented.
0064430227|5.0|Even though this book was written quite a few years ago, it doesn't matter because somethings transcend time.  In this book you have a child in a nightgown with a magic purple crayon that can create any environment that is necessary.  We all do this each night when we dream...Every page has a 'situation', and the readers look forward to discovering what Harold will draw next with his purple crayon in order to get out of it.  My copy is a bit worn because it was one of the 'must read books' that was read to each of my five kids.  Enjoy!
0440178002|5.0|Being an avid reader since I was a child, I often seek out large books. I do this so my visits to worlds, other than the present, will be extended as much as possible. I've had some good experiences, some not-so-good, and some just terrible.<br />&quot;King Rat&quot; was the first book I've read by Clavell. I was mesmerized by his use of dialogue and insight on human nature-- finding it a very satisfying read. A few friends and my mother had recommended &quot;Shogun.&quot; I never followed up on these recommendations, solely because in the past I've been disappointed when trying another piece of the author's work. I assumed the same in Clavell's case. I was wrong to assume.<br />Although I am not currently finished with the book, I am down to the last 200 pages. I cannot bear to part with the book at times. I've extended my lunch breaks and stayed awake long into the night because I'm always wondering what's up with Blackthorne, Omi, those crazy daimyos, and the lovely 'onnas.'<br />Knowing this was fictional piece of work, I didn't expect any historical accuracy. However, I do find myself walking away with a better understanding of Japanese history and philosophy. Especially in relation to other works I've read. Questions I've had before were answered and made clearer.<br />Like every good piece of work, there is always a lull in the story. Even so, I found these lulls to be informative and conducive to the plot. I recommend this book highly to anyone looking for an exciting, colorful new world to dwell for a season. It is a reading escape worthy of my days 30 years ago with Dorothy Kunhardt's &quot;Pat the Bunny.&quot; :)
B00003ETJQ|5.0|Sometimes you think the meaning of life, sometimes the huge difference of cultures, sometimes the magnificient nature while watching this movie. Ron created a masterpiece. The sound and visual quality is perfect. Just take a bottle of ice-cold beer and enjoy that movie. For those who fed up with the meaningless movies like &quot;charlie's angels&quot; etc...
0553573403|5.0|I loved this book.  I think that this book shows how wonderful of an author George RR Martin is.  The prolog grabs the reader's attention right away, and the first chapter locks in the reader's interest by introducing you to the Stark family.  Other characters are introduced throughout the book, but it is with the Starks that I think the most development occurs.  Martin does a great job bringing them to life, and using their lives and experiences to tell a story that has so many twists and turns that even in the end, the reader doesn't know exactly what has happened and looks eagerly forward to reading the next book.
B000002L82|5.0|This album demonstrates the wide band of New Order's musical abilities.  From the guitar riffs in 'Age of Consent' to the groundbreaking 'Blue Monday', this album also contains the eerie 'Leave Me Alone.'  In 'Leave Me Alone', one finds ample evidence of Peter Hook's enormous talent.  In addition, the lyrics make one wonder whether this could have been Ian Curtis' farwell note.  A must for any New Order fan.
B00004U30D|5.0|Now yes, this is a great film in my opinion but why do people not find this offensive and find Lolita offensive? Both involve an older man attempting to seduce a minor yes why is lolita considered so much worse?
B00003CXE7|2.0|As reluctant as many people may be to admit it, this movie wouldn't have been made if it weren't for &quot;Conan&quot;, not to mention Hollywood's earlier Roman extravaganzas &quot;Ben-Hur&quot;, &quot;Spartacus&quot;, and the others. The problem is that all the testosterone has been drained away: in our enlightened age, it won't do to have a man beat and hack the life out of another guy without getting the opportunity to show us his softer side.<br />As a &quot;revenge&quot; movie, it works on a pretty superficial level. There simply isn't enough background for the audience to identify all that deeply with Crowe's &quot;Maximus&quot; - his family dies off screen without us ever really seeing them, and frankly, I didn't think find him a sympathetic character anyway. The entire plot was contrived - I felt thoroughly manipulated: wind up Maximus and let him buzz through all those bad old gladiators on his way to his eventual (and totally inevitable, entirely predictable, and wholly inconsequental) fight with Commodus. Ho-hum. Top it all with a big Hollywood-style happy ending (&quot;Rome the Republic&quot... ...It was over-the-top feel-goodism.<br />Crowe is pretty darned hammy, there's just no getting away from it. When he shouts to one audience, &quot;Do I entertain you?&quot;, I wish they had shouted back &quot;NO, you hambone, bring in Commodus!&quot; But I guess he fills out a skirt nicely, so the ladies have something to look at. (There sure isn't anything for the guys, 'cause female lead Connie Nielsen, as Commodus' sister Lucilla, is draped chin-to-toe throughout, even when her brother is pawing at her.) Oliver Reed does well as the ex-gladiator running the team, but Richard Harris's Marcus was exhausted to the point of near incomprehensibility. And are we going to be stuck for the next decade with red-lipped, downy-cheeked little boys instead of kids who look like they actually play outside and skin their knees?<br />Digital tomfoolery. Feh. The opening scenes in Germania were simply awful. Totally inexcuseable. For crying out loud, when will the ninnies in Hollywood learn that only SNOW looks like SNOW? I guess it comes from never having seen the stuff themselves, but in this flick, you get feathers and down. That's right - feathers. It is SO obviously filmed through a blue filter on a bright sunny day with feathers drifting about that you wonder who's raiding the henhouse. (By the time the first 30 minutes was over, I wanted to take every filter in Ridley Scott's kit and make him eat them....) Look, at least TRY to film SOME stuff on location if you have a budget like that. But I forget - you're paying for auteur Scott and actors like Crowe and Reed and Phoenix and Harris, plus all the digital scenery - can't afford anything like realistic LOCATION shots. Hell, why bother - why not make it one big cartoon and leave ALL the real world behind? The rest (the Colosseum, Maximus' villa, Rome itself, etc.) - think &quot;Perfect Storm&quot;. NOT convincing. You know, it would be preferable to have painted backdrops (which in effect is what we DO have, only digitally) with better shots of the actors than big screen-filling matte shots. Count me underwhelmed.<br />I didn't bother with all the extras. Go for it you want them - I just don't care enough when you have something SO self-important, over-hyped, and at it's heart hollow and shabby. No kidding - I think Ed Wood *cared* more about his movies than the folks associated with this bloated blintz.<br />SO - no sympathetic characters; hackneyed, trite, cliche-ridden plot; hokey digital effects; emotionally overwrought and JARRINGLY anachronistic soundtrack, plus a large dollop of 1990's-style political correctness, and you have the mediocre mush of &quot;Gladiator&quot;. &quot;Conan&quot; without the cohones, &quot;Spartacus&quot; without the spirit, &quot;Ben-Hur&quot; without the....you get the idea. Pass.enes in Germania were simply awful. Totally inexcuseable. For crying out loud, when will the ninnies in Hollywood learn that only SNOW looks like SNOW? I guess it comes from never having seen the stuff themselves, but in this flick, you get feathers and down. That's right - feathers. It is SO obviously filmed through a blue filter on a bright sunny day with feathers drifting about that you wonder who's raiding the henhouse. (By the time the first 30 minutes was over, I wanted to take every filter in Ridley Scott's kit and make him eat them....) Look, at least TRY to film SOME stuff on location if you have a budget like that. But I forget - you're paying for auteur Scott and actors like Crowe and Reed and Phoenix and Harris, plus all the digital scenery - can't afford anything like realistic LOCATION shots. Hell, why bother - why not make it one big cartoon and leave ALL the real world behind? The rest (the Colosseum, Maximus' villa, Rome itself, etc.) - think &quot;Perfect Storm&quot;. NOT convincing. You know, it would be preferable to have painted backdrops (which in effect is what we DO have, only digitally) with better shots of the actors than big screen-filling matte shots. Count me underwhelmed.<br />I didn't bother with all the extras. Go for it you want them - I just don't care enough when you have something SO self-important, over-hyped, and at it's heart hollow and shabby. No kidding - I think Ed Wood *cared* more about his movies than the folks associated with this bloated blintz.<br />SO - no sympathetic characters; hackneyed, trite, cliche-ridden plot; hokey digital effects; emotionally overwrought and JARRINGLY anachronistic soundtrack, plus a large dollop of 1990's-style political correctness, and you have the mediocre mush of &quot;Gladiator&quot;. &quot;Conan&quot; without the cohones, &quot;Spartacus&quot; without the spirit, &quot;Ben-Hur&quot; without the....you get the idea. Pass.
B00003CX5P|5.0|ITS IT LOOKS LIKE STAR WARS, IT FEELS LIKE STAR WARS, IT IS STAR WARS.  JUST WATCH IT AND YOUR EYES GET LARGER AND LARGER TRYING TO TAKE IT ALL IN.  IT HAS THE BEST LIGHTSABER ACTION EVER, AND FITS RIGHT IN AS A GREAT INTRODUCTION TO THE STAR WARS UNIVERSE.  IT DOESNT NEED A MASSIVE TWISTING PLOT.  ITS ONLY THE BEGINNING TO THIS WONDERFUL SAGA.
0789723107|2.0|i agree with a previous review that said the book was light on substance.  it seems more of a statement of the way things are rather than *why* things are.  and the last part of the book is all about do-it-yourself useability testing.  as a designer, this had little relevance for me.  i honestly don't know who i would recommend this book to.
B00004XQP4|2.0|Punk rock?  Hardly.  These guys sound like the Pogues now, especially on Minority.  I loved Dookie, Insomniac and Nimrod, but this album is really so much more mainstream.  All their previous albums were edgy and dark.  I hate to say it, but these guys are getting old in the head.  The songs are very well produced, the lyrics are cleaver and sometimes insightful and the quality of the music shows their talent.  But the sound that I loved these guys for is gone, lost with their edge in the ever present pressure to cater to the mainstream.  It sounds like common radio music: made to be top 40 songs.  <br />Are these guys searching for more soul?  Are these guys searching for more respectability?  Whatever they are looking for, they are betraying their sound that made them interesting in the process, as happens to most bands that have put out more than 5 CDs.  Just look at Sting.  He's totally lost it.  He's gone from counter cultural icon with rock-you-to-the-bone songs like Synchronicity II, to his latest mainstream fluff like &quot;Brand New Day&quot;.<br />Green Day appears to be going the same way.  Too bad.
B000056K04|4.0|Let me start by saying that this is a very good CD. However, given that this is DMB we are talking about, its not as good as it could have been. First time I heard it, I felt a personal sense of loss because I did not think the songs were 'Dave' enough. However, the songs seem to grow on you and now I love at least these songs: Angel, Space Between, So Right, Sleep to Dream Her and Dreams of our Fathers.<br />The thing that I did not like was pretty much what the other reviewers felt: there is not enough of the other band members in the record.  Anyway, I respect Dave's artistic right to record whatever moves him and regardless of what he releases, I will buy it...
B000000WA2|4.0|This has got to be Blurs most commercial album to date.  The Gret Escape contains no less than 4 UK hit singles.  THe great Escape contains the hit singles Country House (number 1), Stereotypres, Charmless Man and The Universal.  All of the other tracks on the album like, He Thought Of Cars Best Days and many more are all single contenders showing how high the quality of this album is
0345350499|4.0|Although this version of the Camelot saga is a little different from what I am used to, it is very well written and VERY creative. The author did a great job of describing every aspect of this fantasy world without going overboard on everything. It does seem a little bit like some sort of cult-culture, but it was an interesting change from the normal vaque descriptions of fantasy worlds in novels. One of the only complaints I have is the descriptions of Morgaine's, er, um, &quot;social activities&quot;. I don't mind a little bit of &quot;laying&quot; with each other, but it got really old and descriptions were really trashy; I felt like I was reading some high quality romance novel. Overall, the book was very intriguing and I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a different, creative fantasy book.
B000000WZ4|5.0|After many years away from the music scene Depeche Mode have come back with probably the best album so far.  Ultra combines a huge variety of different songs which should pleases all of the fans.  Ultra contains the hit singles Barrel Of A Gun, Home, Useless and Its No Good.(y Favourite)  Ultra is the type of album that every fan should have as it shows us what we have been missing and longing for all this years
0451167716|5.0|This book is well-written and enjoyable to read.  I read it years ago, when it was first published, before the movie came out.  The story seemed realistic, but I wasn't sure.  But my father, who had a friend who was a &quot;made man&quot; (I don't know what they called it then)in the early 40's on Long Island asked this friend how true a story The Godfather was, and his friend smiled and said, &quot;It's pretty much how it is.&quot;  Exciting story to read, horrifying to think it could be true.
B00002DEQQ|5.0|I dont think even Tom knew how sucessfull this album was going to be.  Reload features ssoome of the hotest new talent around at the moment.  Featuring people like The Stereophoics, James Dean Bradfield (Manics), Heather Small, Robbie Williams and Barenaked Ladies, Tom shows that he can still cut with the youngsters.  Most of the tracks on this album are covers which make this album more interesting because it introduces them to the youger end of the market.  A wise buy by anyone!!
B00000K2SC|5.0|This movie has one of the most subtly empowering dialogues I have experienced in a long time. . . listen well to the dialogue and apply it to YOUR everyday life.
6305609721|4.0|Short Review: 4/5The crew of 'Star Trek' warp into the past to save the world, the whales, and their franchise. Leonard Nimoy directs this light sci-fi romp. A thoroughly enjoyable film with a surprisingly wide appeal.Acting: 4/5The cast is comfortable in this, their fourth movie in the first twenty years of 'Star Trek.' As Shatner and Nimoy enjoy the best onscreen chemistry of any of the six Original Series films, the supporting cast gets better airtime than ever before. The separation of Doohan, Kelley, Nichols, Koenig, and Takei from Shatner and Nimoy was a good move, and allowed their characters to breath a little more.Supporting cast includes some surprises including Mark Lenard (Sarek) and Majel Barett-Roddenberry (Chapel) among others 'Trek' alums. Their roles seem to exist primarily to ground the viewers in the future and thus are somewhat superfluous. True fans will probably beg to differ!The main 'guest star' is Catherine Hicks, now known as the mother on the WB television drama '7th Heaven.' Hicks is fun and surprisingly believable in her plight to save the two Humpback whales.Directing: 3/5Nimoy showed Paramount that he could be trusted with tens of millions of dollars in directing when he helmed 'Star Trek III: The Search for Spock.' But in that film, he appeared onscreen for mere minutes. Here he has considerable screen time, so I was a bit concerned. Nimoy handled the plot and the comedy admirably.The DVD (and Director's Series VHS edition) contains an interesting featurette with Nimoy, which unfortunately was transferred from video and is somewhat pixelated.Special and Visual Effects: 5/5On-stage effects are spectacular. The Humpback whale mock-ups are the most believable whales created to date. The detail and accuracy of movement made things work so nicely you'll scarcely think about the whales as effects at all.Visual effects are stunning as well. ILM used some fantastic techniques in models and computer graphics to create a compelling visual lookto the second unit footage. Scenes to watch for are the 'dream flight' sequence toward the beginning and the bird of prey crashing into the ocean at the end. Picture: 4.5/5The picture is quite clear, with the possibly exception of the 'wet' scenes, which get a bit murky and blue. Artifacts are minimal elsewhere.Sound: 4/5Good but not excellent sound effects and wonderful tracked music enhance the film greatly. An attached stereo will do wonders for the movie experience. (Popcorn doesn't hurt either).Advice:Pay full price and enjoy the show.
B00003CX8I|4.0|You'll want more. . .despite the fact that the movie is based on a CARTOON. . !  I actually found myself curious and caring about the characters (except Halle Berry's.)  Started watching the movie to appease my 8 year old son and enjoyed it immensely.  Surprise, surprise.
0689835604|5.0|It is a cute book with simple, bright pictures that really capture a young childs attention. As a young one they will learn eyes, ears, mouth, baby, feet. As they grow a little older they will learn under, behind etc.  A cute book that is great to have in your book collection.  Most important - popular by the &quot;audience&quot;.
B00003CXBK|5.0|I know the term above is an oxy-moron, and actually, it is. Disney only published it here in the states. This movie was essentially the &quot;Titanic of Japan.&quot; Makes you wonder what America was thinking then, huh?<br />Certainly not American mainstream (I think its because the story actually needs brain power to comprehend) but amazingly hit a high note for its American DVD release, especially with critics and fans of anime. Its truly a shame that such a high profile release for both America AND Japan would get such a limited theatrical release here in the states. Because it featured such big-name actors, it might've attracted many theatre-goers.<br />Anime has an American misconception that its all Child's Play. On both physical and philosophical levels, this is definately not a kid's movie. It has a little violence, but nothing compared to what most animes bring. The story is also a masterpiece in of itself, which sheds an interesting perspective upon war: neither side is in the right. The main character seems to be the screenwriter himself if he truly believes this perspective. The main character serves as the middle-of-the-road type character for many of the conflicts between the 2 sides.<br />The artwork is astounding. Shadows are cast upon moving characters with a stunning reality, the colors are lush, the picture is clean and crisp, and the characters have a personality all of their own just by their appearance. The lip-synching is wonderfully done, I did not see any &quot;Godzilla&quot; type lip-synching, infamous of Japanese movies. Even so, I liked watching the movie with Japanese voices, despite the well-polished American voice-overs, simply because it adds to the atmosphere.<br />If there's one anime movie that is a must-buy, this would be it.
0156711427|5.0|This was one of those books with which I could tell after a half hour that I would love it forever.  It is hard not to sympathize with the characters.  This is a story of humanity constrained by artificial barriers; of love, friendship, spirituality, truth, and the problems they face from hatred, jealousy, deception, and pride.  Forster is clearly a close observer of numan nature and his words resonate with our own lives and thoughts.  The caves made me think as much as anything I have encountered in literature.  This book has all the elements of a captivating novel - plot, imagery, narrative, characters.  Though there may appear to be some thin characters and a reductionist view of good and evil, it is all to an end.  And there is a very strong message - evil there may be, but there are stronger bonds it cannot break.  It is up to us to fight the forces acting to destroy those bonds, forces that are within us.
6305280762|4.0|Faulty wiring on the 81st floor ignites an inferno that traps partygoers on the 138th floor in Irwin Allen's second disaster epic.  No real story to speak of, but the real star here is the fire, and the special effects are gripping with more shattering glass than any Walter Hill movie you've ever seen.  All star cast includes Paul Newman as the building's architect and Steve McQueen as the battalion chief.  O.J. Simpson is suitably cast as the security guard responsible for everyone's safety.  A helluva ride, with enough raging fire and rushing water to delight disaster film fans.  Paul Newman's late son Scott appears as a fireman.  This was the last of the great 1970's disaster films.
0380788624|5.0|CRYPTONOMICON, written by Neal Stephenson, is a big book. Big.  BIG.  Bordering on HUGE.  It has innumerable characters, enough plot to fill several books, and a theme that is presented in such exhaustive detail at some points that the reader has to lie down for awhile to absorb it all.  It is a BIG book.<br />Thank God it's also funny.<br />Besides being an in-depth look at the world of hackers, cryptography, modern-day treasure hunters, World War II, tunnel digging, espionage, and more;  Besides ALL that, CRYPTONOMICON may very well be the funniest book I've read since THE HITCHHIKERS GUIDE TO THE GALAXY.<br />Basically, Stepehenson follows two plot lines.  In the first, he follows Lawrence Waterhouse, mathematician extrordinaire, as he becomes a foremost expert on the subject of code-making and code-breaking.  Considering the usefullness of this gift, he is a) recruited as a code-breaker for the United States during World War II, b) sent to far off countires with names spelled without the use of vowels, and c) becomes a pioneer in the creation of the digital computer.<br />In the second plot line, Stephenson follows Randy Waterhouse, Lawrence's grandson, who is involved in setting up a 'data haven', whereby sensitive material from any source can be safely stored, for a price.  But he soon becomes embroiled in a) the legal machinations of a billionaire known only as the Dentist, b) a scheme to create his own electronic currency, and c) a mad rush to dig up a Nipponese gold stash that has remained hidden since World War II.<br />Whew.<br />Obviously, CRYPTONOMICON is not to everyone's taste.  It demands a great deal of patience, as Stephenson spends a large amount of time explaining the background and inner workings of computers, and code-breaking.  However, Stephenson manages the near impossible;  he creates excitement out of the most tedious technical explanations.  I have read entire novels not half as interesting or suspenseful as Stephenson's desciption of the mathematics of a particular form of cryptography.<br />But Stephenson is not merely content to explain codes, he explains EVERYTHING:  the ideal method of consuming Cap'n Crunch cereal;  how to equally divide up an inheritance;  how nitrogen bubbles are created in the bloodstream;  and so on.  Half the pleasure in Stephenson's work (and it IS a pleasure) is wondering where the next digression is going to come from, or from what new angle he'll approach a scenario.  Stephenson is not a man lacking for ideas.  In lesser hands, this could all seem quite precious and smug, but Stephenson never condescends.  And if you don't understand the concepts, it doesn't matter, the novel still works without one-hundred-percent comprehension.<br />Ideas aside, CRYPTONOMICON is still a splendid read.  With literally hundreds of characters, Stephenson manages to keep each one of them distinct, and his interwoven time lines are remarkable in their clarity.  The ending seems a letdown, but how could it not be?  After 900 pages, anything less than nuclear annihilation would be somewhat disappointing.<br />And, as I mentioned, it is often VERY funny.  Laugh-out-loud funny, which I find very rare in a novel.  And even if I absolutely hated CRYPTONOMICON (which I assuredly do not), I would still love his ten page digression into Lawrence Waterhouse's love life, as Lawrence tries to define his increasing loneliness and lust as a mathematical construct, including charts and graphs and equations.  After that, I'd follow him anywhere.mathematics of a particular form of cryptography.<br />But Stephenson is not merely content to explain codes, he explains EVERYTHING:  the ideal method of consuming Cap'n Crunch cereal;  how to equally divide up an inheritance;  how nitrogen bubbles are created in the bloodstream;  and so on.  Half the pleasure in Stephenson's work (and it IS a pleasure) is wondering where the next digression is going to come from, or from what new angle he'll approach a scenario.  Stephenson is not a man lacking for ideas.  In lesser hands, this could all seem quite precious and smug, but Stephenson never condescends.  And if you don't understand the concepts, it doesn't matter, the novel still works without one-hundred-percent comprehension.<br />Ideas aside, CRYPTONOMICON is still a splendid read.  With literally hundreds of characters, Stephenson manages to keep each one of them distinct, and his interwoven time lines are remarkable in their clarity.  The ending seems a letdown, but how could it not be?  After 900 pages, anything less than nuclear annihilation would be somewhat disappointing.<br />And, as I mentioned, it is often VERY funny.  Laugh-out-loud funny, which I find very rare in a novel.  And even if I absolutely hated CRYPTONOMICON (which I assuredly do not), I would still love his ten page digression into Lawrence Waterhouse's love life, as Lawrence tries to define his increasing loneliness and lust as a mathematical construct, including charts and graphs and equations.  After that, I'd follow him anywhere.
B00004XQJX|5.0|I always thought that Beethoven's Diabelli Variations were the piece that suited best Pollini's art and hoped that someday he would decide to record them.  But, as ready as I have been, Pollini's interpretation has spoiled all my expectations.  Surely, his Diabelli have the same stature with the definitive version of the last Beethoven piano sonatas he signed with Deuschte Gramophon but they are not in the same vein.  <br />Here we find a more moving interpreter, vulnerable and almost fragile in expression.  Listen to Variations 7, 8, 11, 13, the hesitant lightness of the basses sounding like a kind of barcarole.   Variation 20 is played with supreme abandon as an agonizing heartbeat while variation 24 (fughetta) made one regret even more that Pollini has not recorded Bach's Well tempered Klavier.  As to Variations 31 and 33, they sound profoundly dramatic by means of sheer reserve and projection in the unknown. <br />Could one expect to listen to a more interrogative version?  Polllini plays those variations as if he had no straight answer and kept wondering and wandering about aimlessly expressing thus surprising humility in his approach of this masterpiece.<br />I have several versions of Diabelli Variations respectively by Pludermacher, Brendel (DG, Vox), Kovacevich, Arrau and above all Richter.  Yet, Pollini is second to none.  Apparently less authoritative than Richter, he is at the same time more human.<br />Pollini has provided a stunning answer for those who still doubted his capacity to show pure sensitivity.
B000056K04|3.0|After listening to this disk for the first time, I could hardly believe it was actually DMB. Dave's unique sound is gone and it's been replaced by typical, over-produced &quot;music by committee.&quot;<br />Even though the sound of this album was designed to expand the band's fan base and get more radio play, I fear it will turn away the die-hards like myself. It just doesn't sound like the DMB anymore.<br />I truly hope the band can go back to what made them truly great and please send producer Glen Ballard back to working with the boy bands or where ever he came from. He just doesn't fit DMB's style of music (the old one at least).<br />I still give the album a three because a couple of songs are pretty good. There's just nothing that could rival incredible songs like Ants Marching, Lie in our Graves, Tripping Billies, etc.
0060977493|1.0|After reading all the glowing reviews, I was disappointed with the rambling, disjointed, impossible to follow story.  The poor grammer added to my disappointment.  There are so many disjointed phrases, with periods at the end of a jumble of words, it was nearly impossible to understand what the author intended to say.  Ms Roy is in great need of an accomplished editor.  I read 75 to 100 books per year and this is the worst book I've read in 2001.
6304145438|5.0|Academy-Award winners Jimmy Stewart and Thomas Mitchell star in Oscar-winning director Frank Capra's It's A Wonderfull Life. Jimmy Stewart tackles suicide in this touching family classic, something I have been struggling with for over two years. He should have won the Oscar for Best Actor as the film should've won ALL the Oscars it was nominated for. A GREAT way to spend 2hrs 40 minutes. Rated G.General Audiences. Parents,grab your kids and sit 'em down in your laps to watch this timeless claasic. Black/White. 2hrs 40 mins. Rated G.
B000002G7E|5.0|3 brief points: 1. Lou Reed's shredded-fretboard/feedback frenzy that plays almost continuously throughout &quot;I Heard Her Call My Name&quot; is the greatest guitar solo ever. Period. 2. John Cale's playing on &quot;Sister Ray&quot; set the alltime standard for the use of organ in rock. Period. 3. &quot;Sister Ray&quot; itself is simply the greatest 17 minutes in the history of rock. Period. Whip it on me Jim! Whip it on me Jim! Exclamation mark.
0140311254|5.0|I found this book a most stimulating read, a truly exostentuous experience for any young man or eligeable young person to spend their Sunday afternooon perusing.I will highly recomend this book, the characters were most tangeable and the diction frippent, I think perhaps it contains some useful message on morality to all the little cherubs.<br />
0688152023|5.0|This book has helped me with my ballet training and techniques, It has also helped me posture and turn out.
B00004SZWD|5.0|this album leaves me both speechless and breathless...it is true musical beauty...stevie has the uncanny ability to express the full range of human emotions in song...he is, in a word, god-like...
6302261007|2.0|Summary: Two L.A. cops (Dolph Lundgren and Brandon Lee) vs the Yakuza (led by Carey-Hiroyuki Tagawa, the murderer of Lundgren's parents).  <br />Dumbo martial-arts action movie is short and fast moving enough to end before we are bored.  This movie is so forgettable that I forgot about it while I was still watching it.  From the director of 'Class of 1984' and 'Commando'.
B00004RFFS|5.0|I never found a power of beautiful like this!! It's the Best of the best. You can show many things in live of vampires, how they live how they born how they pain . But I still don't understand about vampires's family. You make me love vampire,that'sall I wanna say.    Thanks to make
0881030376|4.0|The story of Steinbeck's life makes me think that maybe he was lonely like George and Lennie.  It seems like he writes from his own emotional experiences.  He does such a good job of writing Mice and Men that I think it's a shame if everyone can't appreciate the effort he takes to make us understand that sometimes our best laid plans go astray.
B000000W5L|2.0|I don't care if some people think I'm an ignoramus for saying this, but I've never felt that there were any truly memorable songs on this album, as opposed to the REAL Stones' masterpieces such as &quot;Aftermath&quot;, &quot;Beggars'Banquet&quot;, &quot;Let It Bleed&quot;, or &quot;Sticky Fingers&quot;, that is. Even newer Stones albums from the 1980's such as &quot;Emotional Rescue&quot; or &quot;Tattoo You&quot; have more to offer on a musical and/or artistic level than does Exile On Main Street. Maybe all the smack and other hard drugs they were doing back when they made Exile were starting to cloud their minds, I don't know.  The music/songwriting on this album just seems to lack color and texture compared to many of their other albums. If, somehow, you could take the music from any of those earlier Stones' albums I mentioned, and put the music through a blender, you'd pretty much have Exile On Main Street. I mean, how else can I explain this album??? It's often been said over the years that you either like Exile On Main Street or you simply don't, and this is true. Perhaps the music on Exile puts across some kind of strange vibe or something, a vibe that some people are able to absorb and that other people can't. What else can I say about the most overrated album in the history of rock music?
B0000508U6|4.0|If you liked Travis, The Man Who, you'll be pleased to have bought this album. Also, there are moments when you'll think Jeff Buckley is back in the land of the singing. In the UK, the single 'Yellow' has had so much airplay its almost wearing out - but there's more to Coldplay than one (or even four) hit singles. I must admit I found the lyrics to Yellow a bit trite on the radio, but in the company of the other nine tracks on this album, the song has a new freshness and genuineness to it. In fact, genuine is a good word to describe the whole album. It has aspirations to be great rock, but it never sounds pretentious. There's no doubt that this will be quite a few people's 'album of the year'.
6305137293|3.0|Let me first state that you cannot go to see a sequel, and think it is going to live up to be as good, or even better than the original. If you do that, then you are in for a lifetime of dissapointment. With that said, Halloween 2 does not come close to being the classic the first is, but it is a rather good sequel.<br />The story takes place just hours after where the first one left off. The plot is this. Laurie Strode(Curtis) is taken away to the Haddonfield Hospital. Micaheal Myers follows her, where , in a game of cat-and-mouse, kills, about more than half the hospital staff, as a means to get to Laurie. That's it. The BIG plot. The only twist this story has, is that you find out why Michael is so determined to get his hands on Laurie. I won't spoil that for you, just check it out. <br />Now, the DVD it'self. Get ready for ton's of bonuses and extra's, uh, wait, sorry, this DVD has about none of those that I just mentioned. I will say, that I have 2 VHS copies of &quot;H2&quot;, and I must say, the DVD picture quality is pretty good. All in all, I would recomend this DVD to anyone who is questioning whether or not, to buy it. For the small price, it is worth it. John Carpenter and Debra Hill, were sort of &quot;forced&quot; to write Halloween 2, even though Carpenter will tell you, that 80% of him does not like doing sequels. Instead of relying on characterzation, suspence, and the errie atmosphere of the first one, Halloween 2 relies on &quot;let's think of a dozen way's to kill a dozen people&quot; type of shock.<br />Final words- For a movie that was not supposed to be, Halloween 2 is a pretty good follow-up. I give it 3 stars, only because of the film it'self...the DVD features are really weak. Hopefully, maybe down the road, another DVD company will pick up the title, and give us some extra feature's.
B00004T2FQ|5.0|One word....FABULOUS!  I've nearly worn it out!  If you're new to opera, buy this; it's a sure hit!
0140288503|5.0|This is most probably the best action book that i have read in a long time. The fact that it is based on a true story is what makes it even better. This book had great descriptions of battle scenes and what war must really be like. The battles in the streets were so well described that it was hard to put the book down. Unlike some war accounts there is not that much leading up to the action. There is no complicated story line in which to get confused. It just describes a soldiers view of war overseas, and has non-stop action and horrific descriptions of the fights and casualties. This book is a must for anyone who really enjoys realistic action books!
B000056NX5|5.0|I was kinda taken back at first when I saw this. It was a little different than I expected.  But then I realized that it is meant to look contemporary, as the 70's movie version was in it's time. I thoroughly enjoyed it.  It had excellent production values, the music sounded fantastic.  Oh and the cruxifixion sequence brought me to tears...it was that dramatic. A highly recommended DVD.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I am 48 years old and pretty close to dead from Metallica's standpoint.  My son has this and the DVD of S&amp;M.  I don't need or maybe appreciate the heavy metal portions of the album, but the softer, more melodic songs -- Nothing Else Matters, Song of Kulti -- are really excellent.  Live a little.  There is life after bifocals.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|The Offspring are my most favorite group and it's because of this CD. Most of the songs have great meanings and catchy tunes. Dexter Holland, the lead singer and guitarist, is one of a kind. I don't know any other singers that sound quite like him. Even though he screams most of the time, he carries the tunes well and it sounds awesome! If you like rock, then you'll like the Offspring. My favorite songs are Have You Ever, The Kids Aren't Alright, She's Got Issues, and Walla Walla. I rank this CD second compared to Smash which is my favorite. If you heard the songs &quot;Why Don't You Get A Job&quot; and &quot;Pretty Fly&quot; and you don't like them, don't worry because most of the songs on this Cd aren't like them and are so much better. There is great guitar playing by Noodles, Dexter, and Greg K. They sound even better in concert. I love this CD so much, and if you're a fan of The Offspring, then you definately need to add this one to your collection. Overall, this is a great CD and a great band and I don't know what I would do without it.
B00000JGOH|5.0|A witty and beautiful love story.  It's how Shakespeare's life followed the tale of &quot;Romeo and Juliet&quot;.  I read that it was written by the great English playwright Tom Stoppard and his wit shines through as always.
0486282147|5.0|The Hound of the Baskervilles was very exiting, and it almost came alive with the great writing. the legend of the hound, told in the begining of the book, was very suspenseful, and the incredible amount of suspects made it very hard to guess the killer before he was announced.It is a very good book to read for a report, because it is easy to summarize, however, that is not the only reason to read it. I would reccomend this book, or any Sherlock Holmes mystery for that matter5, for the incredible amount of suspense and cleverness of the detective. Sherlock Holmes is incredibly intellegent in that he can recognize and tell the difference between the ink of different newspapers!
B0000399WI|5.0|This is one of the most beautiful and uplifting films I've ever seen.  The first part of the movie with the &quot;sisters&quot; was extremely brutal look at prison life that some viewers may not want to stomach.  If you choose to keep watching you will be rewarded however.  The movie is the story of an innocent man named Andy who was convicted of brutally murdering his wife and her lover.  While in prison, he becomes friends with a man named Red who is the only guilty man in Shawshank and knows how to get things (including Rita Hayworth).  Andy becomes a valuable man at the prison because of his skills as a banker (perhaps too valuable for his own good).  The friendship between Red and Andy is the centerpiece of the movie. Andy keeps his hope in spite of everything that happens and he gives hope to others, especially Red who thinks he has been in prison too long to do anything else.  A wonderful film
6305892806|4.0|I'd like to point out from the very beginning that this is not  Jane Austen's &quot;Mansfield Park&quot;.  Fanny Price in the novel was irritatingly vapid and by the end I didn't care one way or another what happened to her.  In my opinion what happened, bad or otherwise, was her own fault.  After reading it I was unimpressed by it, after &quot;Pride and Prejudice&quot; anyone would be.  So I'll rate this movie on its worth alone.  I believed the acting to be superb, the characters were relatively three dimensional and as in any good movie I started to feel for them.  Frances O'Connor as Franny, the soft-spoken, passionate heroin was perfect.  She gave the right amount of placity and sauciness to the character.  Johnny Lee Miller as Edmund was irresistable with the combination of shyness and passion hidden in his character.  I found I didn't have the heart to hate Alessandro Nivola as Mr. Crawford because he seemed so pitiful and forlorn.  Embeth Davitz brought a perfect amount of immorality to Mary Crawford and made her irritating but perfectly played.  Amoung the cast of relatively secondary characters were some hilarious and touching portrayals of the other inhabitants of the estate.  Sir Bertram's reformation is an example.                            Fanny deserves to earn the admiration of Edmund and her secondary family and her morality makes her admirable, but it's morality to an extent and doesn't cross the line into being annoying and trying for the viewer.  It's true that the climax of Mary Crawford's defense of her brother isn't truly shocking, but it does bring a cruel depth to the character that's enough to change most previous opinions about her.                                    True, a few parts of the movie do make me want to fast-forward for a scene but the overall movie is an engrossing portrayal of another era long-gone.                                                                                                                     Tip: Moviestores are selling &quot;Mansfield Park&quot; previously viewed for about ten dollars.
B000050FEN|4.0|An innovative, atmospheric, smart, entertaining, creepy, tactfully-paced, and -- at its climax -- sincerely impacting thriller by David Fincher. Unlike many other movies of the same genre, Seven earns its chills soberly in the aesthetic, intellectual, and emotional arenas. This film elevated Fincher in my eyes from his previous work on the stylish &amp; sound, but essentially needless commercial &quot;milk-it-for-all-its-worth&quot; success, &quot;Alien 3.&quot; (It's a shame he would follow it with the well-intended but abysmally stupid &quot;The Game.&quot;)<br />Complaints are few. Just a little more time with the Gwyneth Paltrow character would've gone a long ways, and added more emotional resonance to the climax; but as the climax is already pretty riveting based on the content as it exists, this complaint doesn't carry too far. I wouldn't have minded the omission of a superfluous gothic trapping here or there, but I'm talking really minor things (my pervading thought during the opening credits was &quot;lose the NIN.&quot;) <br />Mm. Indeed, I think the fact that NIN figures prominently into the soundtrack and the irritating, trendy &quot;Se7en&quot; thing are the most bothersome facets of the overall Seven experience; and as they have no bearing on the content of the film itself, Fincher lands on pretty solid footing with his thriller. <br />Definitely recommended, and as far as I'm concerned, Fincher's best -- or, in deference to Fight Club advocates, at least his most *solid* -- film to date.
B00003CXA6|4.0|Gettysburg is an epic film on a scale that is rarely seen anymore.  In the tradition of great war films it pulls you into the struggle and lets you feel the intensity and desperation of the common soldier.  The cast is enormous. No CGI effects here.  Every soldier on screen is a LIVE human participant.  <br />THE GOOD:  Jeff Daniels as Colonel Chamberlain and Richard Jordan as General Armistead.  Both give extremely moving performances.  These two are the heartbeat of the film.  Without them, it would not be worth watching.<br />THE BAD:  Unlike &quot;Glory&quot;, with its graphic portrayal of war,  &quot;Gettysburg&quot; appears somewhat tame in its depiction of violence.  No doubt this is due to the fact that the film was originally slated for television release, but it seems strange that the bloodiest battle in American history would have less on-screen blood than a Disney film.  However, there is one incredible scene where several charging Confederates get shot with an artillery blast at point-blank range.<br />THE UGLY:  Martin Sheen's portrayal of General Lee is atrocious.  None of Lee's genius is depicted in the film.  Was the General insane or just incompetent? &quot;Gettysburg&quot; lets you choose for yourself.  At any rate, the role was either grossly miscast or misdirected.  <br /> All in all, &quot;Gettysburg&quot; is a solid film that will compel you to get lost in the drama.  It is a triumph that would have never been produced had it not been for Ted Turner's love of the Civil War.  It's a BIG commitment (4 and 1/2 hours) but one that is well worth the time.  Mark a couple nights on your calender and get lots of popcorn.
B000059MEK|5.0|This CD is full awesome songs from the beginning to the end.  Starting of with the first single &quot;One More Time&quot; and ending with an ironic song describing just what the song is &quot;Too Long&quot;. This is definately a great follow-up to their previous CD &quot;Homework&quot;  which is a totally awesome too.  The best songs on this CD are &quot;Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger&quot; and &quot;Aerodynamic&quot;.  Buy this now if you don't already have it now.
B000002HPV|5.0|I do not know how to put into words how good this cd actually is. Every song on this album is like a little person. Every time you listen to one, you learn more about it. About its joy or pain or anger. About its depth, or texture, or simplicity. I discover more nuances in each song every time i listen. The ability Bjork has to use music to convey her emotions or visions is absolutely brilliant. The songwriting is crafted so solidly and with such perfection, and her beautiful, psychotic, haunting vocals only add to the masterpiece that is this album. This is a flawless effort from the most amazing artist, always pushing the envelope of the musical landscape.  I am so grateful to have discovered this little jewel of hers. Perfection.
B000059MEK|5.0|This CD is full awesome songs from the beginning to the end.  Starting of with the first single &quot;One More Time&quot; and ending with an ironic song describing just what the song is &quot;Too Long&quot;. This is definately a great follow-up to their previous CD &quot;Homework&quot;  which is a totally awesome too.  The best songs on this CD are &quot;Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger&quot; and &quot;Aerodynamic&quot;.  Buy this now if you don't already have it now.
B000056K04|1.0|First of all, I think Before These Crowded Streets was DMB's best album. I liked the new sound and complex direction they were taking. So, I eagerly anticipated Everyday. Then, I listened to it. What a disappointment. Dave's songwriting is mediocre at best and the lyrics are trite (even more so than usual). All of the choruses are very dark, but rarely differ from one another. The album is simply overproduced. Lillywhite is one of the best producers out there and his sessions should have been released. DMB stands to lose a lot of its following if it continues in this direction. They are starting to sound like Chicago (not that I'm knocking them, but DMB shouldn't take that course). The only bright light of hope on the album was that Boyd Tinsley was not featured very much, which is a great move on Ballard's part seeing as how Boyd Tinsley is just about the poorest violin player in popular music today.
B000059MEK|2.0|I just want to say that I've been anxiously awaiting this album for years. I loved 'Homework'! It was an original album that was meticulously crafted from start to finish. I've been a club/rave D.J./producer for 6yrs now, and nothing makes me more excited than a release from someone (or someones) who I feel are fresh, creative, and really know what up with today's worldwide dance scene. With that said, I got an early release copy of 'Discovery' and rushed home to listen to it. I didn't necessarily expect it to live up to 'Homework' but I wanted to love it; I really did! After sitting on my couch and listening to the entire C.D. TWICE, all I could bring myself to do was stand up and yell: &quot;What the F#%K! They had three years and this is the best they could do!&quot;    The album starts off well with 'One More Time', a pretty good track with a driving beat and a catchy hook. Unfortunately, after that it becomes a strait-up free fall until the last two tracks. With the exception of the very end of the album, there is practically no diversity or creativity at all. Sure, there is some fine use of the vocoder, but show me something else guys! Don't get me wrong, I think that Daft Punk is made up of a couple of extremely talented and creative individuals who I've actually gotten the chance to meet on numerous occasions. This album though, is a very half-hearted effort. Next time guys, expand your horizons a little &amp; prove that your not so one dimensional.
0684857219|4.0|WOw, in a nutshell, this is a very informative book... very well written.  Great analogies and motivating.<br />I'm a beginner though and lookin for results. I'm no expert so this is just what I need.
B00003CXE7|5.0|The movie is good enough to merit a purchase, but the DVD's special features really bring it over the top.  While not quite as spectacular special features as Seven or Fight Club, this movie includes 2 DVD's in a nice package.  I think most people know the movie well enough so I don't have to explain it, but if you're a fan of action/drama or movies set in older times, this has everything.  Joaquin Phoenix can be a little annoying at times but that's kind of the point of this character.  Either way, this is a great dvd.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|4 short months after release, this album has hit no 1 in a record 34 countries, and has sold over 25 million copies to date. It's also the fastest selling album to date. These are facts,THE BEATLES HAVE DONE IT AGAIN!!! Buy this, you will play it till you wear it out!!!
6305307261|5.0|I loved Klaus Kinski even before I saw this movie when it was inititally released theatrically in 1979.  However, with this movie, he really blew me away.  He makes an utterly artistic, animalistic, poetic vampire.  He doesn't even say all that much in this film, conveying most of his role through pure visuals alone, body and facial movement.  This man could make high art of literally being on camera with his own shadow, which indeed you see in one scene. The rest of the casting is likewise inspired with the formidable and beautiful Isabelle Adjani in the Nina Harker role and Bruno Ganz in her husband Jonathan's role.  This is a German-Werner Herzog inspired version of the classic Bram Stoker tale.  That makes quite a difference to the story as a whole other culture is superimposed over an originally English novel.<br /><br />The town it is set in is fascinating to add to the tale with its interconnecting canals.  To my utter astonishment, this version also has a feministic Nina Harker (not surprising, however, with Adjani playing her).  Nina takes charge of the situation and decides to protect her husband and the village itself by taking the vampire on alone and by seducing him no less.  Adjani is well up to the task of seducing even a vampire!  I've seen the movie several times since 1979 and always thoroughly enjoy it.  Until the Coppola version of \\"Dracula\\" was made, I was convinced this version was the best.  But why split hairs?  Both versions are excellent and stand well enough entirely on their own.<br /><br />Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday.
6305252521|5.0|I got really freaked out the first time I watched the Truman Show, but a great kind of freaked.  You really have to question how far philosophy can go into mass media movies, but this one was done very well, so I'd be interested in more.  <br />By the time the movie is done you'll be looking over your shoulder for a camera, looking towards the sky for spotlights, and looking out over the ocean wondering if it really does end in some wall somewhere -- and your freedom.  Great stuff.
0060179872|4.0|This book does a fascinating exploration of the MM's death. Spoto believes that Mrs. Murray, the housekeeper, gave the edema that ended MM's life; she was following Dr. Greenson's orders. That's why Mrs. Murray was washing the sheets when the police arrived--to destory the evidence. This made sense to me and I've read every possible account of her death. Of course, the coverup still occurred to protect any vulnerable politicians (and we know who they are, don't we?). That's also why Dr. Greenson and John Minor went on record saying that MM did NOT committ suicide. This book does only present MM's press agent, Pat Newcomb, and her version of the events, but it's still fascinating. I highly recommend this one for a different account of MM's death. This version seems logical to me: a horrible and tragic accident.
B0000524E5|1.0|I can't believe movies like this get made!  This movie is CHEESY from start to finish.  The characters are empty, the plot is thin, and the cliches are in abundance.  Buy/rent this movie only if you want to laugh at the money you just wasted.
B00001U0E1|5.0|This review could appear anywhere under the Shakepeare in Love versions, but this review only refers to the Collector's Series DVD: Purchase this version if you love the movie as I did/do. This DVD has a special documentary that brings in all elements of Shakespeare in film--even speculating that Shakspeare could live in Beverly Hills today since he wrote entertainment for the masses! The collector's DVD also contains a collage of about 25 trailers of the movie that are fast-paced and amusing. The audio commentaries are better than most DVDs because the director has a separate track and the players, costumer, and others are on another track. All offer interesting insights or memories of the film. After seeing all the special features, then save another night to watch this delicious movie!
B000002U9W|5.0|Though this wonderful Pink Floyd album only has five songs on it this c.d. is a masterpiece. It starts off with one of the greatest Floyd songs &quot;Atom Heart Mother,&quot; which is 24 minutes of orchestral brilliance. The next three lifting songs are more like poems that have come alive. The music from the instruments flow with beautiful ease to back up the incredibly written lyrics. And the album goes out with a bang with the psychedelic song, &quot;Allen's Psychedelic Breakfast&quot; which is a great tune of wonderful music mixed with the sound of a man eating a humongous breakfast. This is such a great c.d. that you will not get bored listening to it day after day after day, but will just keep on loving it. Although when reviewed it got bad remarks I find it to be absolutely the best album Pink Floyd ever came out with, and I hope that after you buy it and enjoy it you will, too.
B000002JSJ|4.0|When PHYSICAL GRAFFITI hit the racks in 1975, both their fans & Led Zeppelin themselves had no clue what the future held for them. And fate has always been a cruel mistress, for on August 5 that year, during the mammoth tour in support of GRAFFITI, Robert Plant & his wife were critically injured in a car accident in Rhodes, Greece. Robert's injuries were so severe (he eventually had to record his vocals for PRESENCE with his leg in a cast & sitting down in a wheelchair), Zeppelin had to cancel the rest of the GRAFFITI tour midway so he could recover. But they wanted to keep their fans occupied until they were able to return to the road. After some abortive rehearsals & sessions in Malibu, where Robert had gone to take it easy, Zeppelin headed to Musicland Studios in Munich, Germany. With an 18-day deadline looming over their heads (the Rolling Stones had booked the same studio to begin work on BLACK & BLUE), Zeppelin put their backs against the wall & laid down PRESENCE in a near-flash.<br /><br />When the deadline was up, guitarist Jimmy Page went to Mick Jagger to ask for more time to get the guitar solos down. Mick agreed, but was dumbfounded when Jimmy only asked for 2 days! But as a former studio musician, Jimmy worked quite well under pressure & time constraints. As for the Stones, they would take months to work on BLACK & BLUE, and it would wind up becoming one of their least-satisfying & successful efforts.<br /><br />Even though it went to #1 like always, PRESENCE only stayed there for 2 weeks, Zeppelin's shortest stay ever (1973's HOUSES OF THE HOLY was also #1 for 2 weeks, but it generated more enduring songs). Also with little to no concert exposure for the songs on here, PRESENCE has that unlucky place in Zeppelin's history as the one that got away, as well as the one that needs to be re-examined a little closer.<br /><br />Charging out of the gates at the very beginning is that 10-minute mother of all Zeppelin epics \\"Achilles' Last Stand\\", a title that was the band's darkly humorous reference to Robert's near-fatal accident. It is strange how an overlooked album like PRESENCE would contain what is, in my opinion, Zeppelin's finest performance. All four are in top form on \\"Achilles\\": Jimmy Page contributes some of his most bonecrunching guitar work; John Bonham some thunderous drumming that stands alongside his death-defying performance on \\"When The Levee Breaks\\"; John Paul Jones has some of his loudest basslines ever; and Robert Plant demonstrates an early example of the \\"more singing, less screaming\\" method that would come to fruition on 1979's IN THROUGH THE OUT DOOR. You would never know that while recording \\"Achilles\\", Robert fell out of his wheelchair at one session & had to be rushed to the hospital.<br /><br />Because PRESENCE was recorded at such breakneck speed, there was no time for the proverbial experiments that their previous albums had, so it is all about rocking & rocking hard this time out. The fact Zeppelin's last 4 albums had been recorded in country houses rather than studios resulted in some of these less-heavy moments. But PRESENCE was back to being recorded in a traditional studio, so there are no keyboards & no acoustic songs. Just simple electric guitar-bass-drums-vocals! Songs like \\"For Your Life\\", \\"Hots On For Nowhere\\" & \\"Nobody's Fault But Mine\\" have a take-no-prisoners attitude that could have easily transferred well to the concert stage had Zeppelin been able to do it at the time. As it happened, the tour for PRESENCE would be a brief one, as Robert performed most concerts while sitting on a stool & the sudden death of his 5-year old son Karac in 1977 would cause the remainder of the tour to be scrapped.<br /><br />Even with such a claustrophobic schedule, Zeppelin still had some time to lighten the mood, albeit not as successfully as in the past. \\"Royal Orleans\\" was another spur-of-the-moment-type song that Zeppelin always included on their albums, but like \\"The Crunge\\" or \\"Boogie With Stu\\", it only works well in the context of the album, not separately. It was also the only band-written song on PRESENCE, as the other 6 songs were strictly Page-Plant compositions. \\"Candy Store Rock\\" was another Zeppelin tradition: the song specially made for American radio, but it did not do that well; in fact, not even charting.<br /><br />If PRESENCE had any song that looked toward the future instead of evoking the past (the time it took to record the album was the shortest since their debut), it was the closing \\"Tea For One\\". This song has the honor of being the rare Zeppelin song that starts slow AND stays slow. Once again, we find Robert singing more instead of screeching, a technique he would employ in his solo career as he attempted to distance himself from the all-consuming Zeppelin legacy.<br /><br />In every artist or band's discography, there is an album that is either called \\"the worst\\" or, at the very least, \\"the weakest\\". And too often, PRESENCE is considered just that even by hardcore Zeppelin fans. But considering the time & circumstances under which it was recorded, Led Zeppelin did quite well, creating an album that alternately sounds like it was recorded in only 18 days, but still is quite professional, which Zeppelin was, if nothing else.<br /><br />After this, Zeppelin would take a three-year hiatus to attend to their chaotic personal lives, and with this album not the blockbuster it should have been, fans were unsure of the band's future. It is too bad PRESENCE has not gotten the attention it deserves, perhaps because there are no immediate classics to be found. But, chances are, it will someday, because one can only praise \\"Stairway\\" & \\"Kashmir\\" so much that we do not realize Led Zeppelin had plenty of other great, non-legendary tracks as well.th Stu\\", it only works well in the context of the album, not separately. It was also the only band-written song on PRESENCE, as the other 6 songs were strictly Page-Plant compositions. \\"Candy Store Rock\\" was another Zeppelin tradition: the song specially made for American radio, but it did not do that well; in fact, not even charting.<br /><br />If PRESENCE had any song that looked toward the future instead of evoking the past (the time it took to record the album was the shortest since their debut), it was the closing \\"Tea For One\\". This song has the honor of being the rare Zeppelin song that starts slow AND stays slow. Once again, we find Robert singing more instead of screeching, a technique he would employ in his solo career as he attempted to distance himself from the all-consuming Zeppelin legacy.<br /><br />In every artist or band's discography, there is an album that is either called \\"the worst\\" or, at the very least, \\"the weakest\\". And too often, PRESENCE is considered just that even by hardcore Zeppelin fans. But considering the time & circumstances under which it was recorded, Led Zeppelin did quite well, creating an album that alternately sounds like it was recorded in only 18 days, but still is quite professional, which Zeppelin was, if nothing else.<br /><br />After this, Zeppelin would take a three-year hiatus to attend to their chaotic personal lives, and with this album not the blockbuster it should have been, fans were unsure of the band's future. It is too bad PRESENCE has not gotten the attention it deserves, perhaps because there are no immediate classics to be found. But, chances are, it will someday, because one can only praise \\"Stairway\\" & \\"Kashmir\\" so much that we do not realize Led Zeppelin had plenty of other great, non-legendary tracks as well.
0783114222|5.0|This is without a doubt one of the greatest stories in American history.  I am only in my twenties and unfornatley was not alive during this great moment of history, however this mini-series does such a great job of recreating a time that changed the world forever.  If you are interested in the space program at all I would pick this up along with The Right Stuff, and Apollo 13.  One final question:  When are we going back?
038533348X|5.0|A friend gave me a copy of this book and assured me that I'd love it. Frankly, I was a bit sceptical, because the premise just sounded weird to me, and I never expected to get around to reading it. However, one night I picked it up, and I didn't get to sleep until I had finished it. What a ride! I think this novel could be enjoyed by just about anyone, even if you think it's not to your &quot;taste&quot;. Give it a try, I'm glad I did.
0783246641|3.0|This movie was interesting.  Not to mention that the fact that a person can interperet the ending in any way they please is a little unsettling, also.  I have no other word to describe this movie, except dull.  It was dull because there was a point where I was saying &quot;get on with the movie and do something&quot; to the main character.  I can handle some dull movies, though, and this movie's dullness was not excrushiating.  It was funny, all the same.  His mental health problems were clearly evident.  Aside from the ending, this movie didnt suck.  I reccomend it to those who like watching victims of mental health problems.
B000002H72|5.0|Intriguing, dark, danceable, hypnotic. I Love This CD. I bought it back 1989 and I still play it regularly. (It's next to my computer now!) The Pixies had styling that has yet to be matched or immitated. Cool listening, great music, gut-wrenching vocals. POWERFUL!
0764005685|1.0|Sometimes i think that people are given money just so that they can be weird-movie makers, especially.  I was highly disappointed.  This freakish movie had a flimsy plot, not to mention an unbelieveably stupid ending.  It starts with serial killing and ends on an off-balanced tangent.  Although i understand the strands that they tried to pull together to get their ending-IT WAS STUPID.  Try and imagine a mixture of &quot;forensic detectives&quot; and &quot;Friday the Thirteenth-part any&quot;, without the good slasher characteristics.  An &quot;artwork&quot; this is.  I was highly disappointed.  The star is for the unbelieveability of this story.
0767817478|4.0|i hate movie critics, i honestly hate them.  what a job to sit, watch a movie, and bad mouth it.  and to think roger ebert's getting paid to be a pessamist!  GODZILLA was an awesome movie.  good acting, great music score, record breaking special effects...this movie has everything a giant-lizard-attacking-NYC movie should have.  Hank Azaria and Jean Reno delivered mind boggling performances and i enjoyed all of the historic landmarks getting destroyed.  GODZILLA was much better than the original japanese films.  nothing against them or anything, i'm just saying that in Emmerich and Devlin's GODZILLA, you can't see the zipper.
0553573403|1.0|How could any of you like this?  I am one of the few who go with the caveat &quot;never listen to reviewers&quot;, well, I guess I should have listened to my own caveat!  There are 3 major things wrong with his first book:<br />1)  The story line was, well, not original and not interesting enough for me to keep reading.  I eventually finished the book--all exhausting 700 pages of it, but I had to put it down many many times.<br />2)  The characters were flat.  I cared for no one.  I rooted for all the Stark family to die.  There were also too many characters introduced at once.  He should just have stuck with one or two Stark members, and used them as true &quot;main characters&quot;.  He has the same Robert Jordan problem.  Plots, and characters that seemingly go nowhere but into a wall.<br />3)  He dealt with too many subplots and sometimes lost the main focus of his story.  <br />Things that were good:<br />1)  The battle scenes were decent, but just about anyone with patience and a pen could write a decent one.<br />2)  At least his story had pacing, and felt like it was going somewhere!  Which, two things are un-Jordanesque.<br />Thats all I can think of.<br />I was truly angry at wasting my money though.  None of these new &quot;epic&quot; authors match Tolkien's true fantasy.  How could any reviewer even have the GALL to think that of Jordan, Martin, and Goodkind?<br />I am so sick of reading these 800 page novels that go on and then go on to a 5th book or more!  Its really all Jordan's fault for ruining a good method of fantasy writing by creating those monstrosities.  The fact remains that when you create a novel, the quality(and depth)has to be there in order for most readers to have a reason to want to continue reading--rather than doing your novels in a Jordan style.  I am not sure what possessed me to get those truly terrible RJ books, and RR Martin ones,(I am in the process of believing them to be the SAME PERSON, but using two different pennames!).<br/>I can only advise you not to buy any more of this junk.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|I really love Jennifer Lopez's music. Jennifer's one of my role models. Her debut album [ON THE 6] is a very fun-loving Pop, Latin-Flava album. The two best songs on this entire CD are &quot;If You Had My Love&quot; and &quot;Waiting For Tonight&quot;. I also love &quot;Let's Get Loud&quot;, &quot;Feelin' So Good&quot;, and the Tropical Remix version of &quot;No Me Ames&quot;, featuring another Latin/Pop singer, Marc Anthony. I also just love her new album, J. LO and the best song on that album is &quot;Love Don't Cost A Thing&quot;. Sure, Jennifer may have a &quot;limited voice&quot; (as some people may refer to it as), but she is very talented. Besides being a very talented singer, she is also a very talented actress and wears totally hip and cool style of clothes. I just love her outfits and wish I could wear stuff like that and look good in it (though I can't wear those kind of clothes without looking like a total weirdo!). Anyway, if you love Pop music and Latin music, ON THE 6 is definitely for you. And don't listen to those jealous, Jennifer Lopez-Wannabes who diss her just because she's beautiful! Her music is fun and cheerful. And she may not have the best voice, but who really does these days? Go out and buy this album and I can gaurente you'll love it.
B000002I6T|5.0|This is by far the best of Dave Crosby, but it's too bad this work is ignored as if it never happened. The quality of recording is as good as it gets, full and lively feeling without any clutter. The lineup of musicians is legendary! Why is this work ignored? Grab this while you can as I have searched YEARS for the  old record version. GRAB IT!  PS I am a professional musician who has a bit of an idea when seeing good work and not just marketing crap sold as art.
6301390725|5.0|Definitely one of Disney's most beloved and treasured animated films of all time -- as far as I'm concerned. This is a true masterpiece. The Classic story of a witch-in-training, who adopts three children, and end up going on an adventure of a lifetime...just by using a bed to guide them from journey to journey! This beautifully-told story will steal your heart and will leave you in awe. The acting performances by the entire cast are just surpurb. The special effects are just spectacular and the music is brilliant. BEDKNOBS AND BROOMSTICKS may sound a bit lame to some people, but it is really not lame at all! My favorite scene of this entire movie is the Battle Scene. I absolutely love it: It's hilarious, heartwarming, and charming. This is for anyone who loves Disney Classics -- especially MARY POPPINS and THE SWOARD IN THE STONE. A must-have for your Ultimate Disney Collection!
B00004Y6NW|5.0|This, in my opinion, is Dire Straits best album. I'm not saying that this means their work went particularly downhill after their debut though because the next two or three albums are also excellent. Sultans of Swing is the obvious hit amongst the tracks but that doesn't mean that the other songs should be merely passed off. Every single one of them is worth as much of a listen as Sultans, which is something I don't think has been maintained to such an extent on their subsequent albums. The lyrics are great, Knopfler has a great knack of telling little stries, and his vocals are in a world of their own. If there is ANY Dire Straits fan who has not yet listened to this record then please do yourself the privilege. You will not be disappointed.
0805062971|4.0|After watching the movie Fight Club.  I looked around amazon and saw that it was a book before a flick, like most good movies are...  I was so intrueged by the FC philosophy and added Skitso twist that i bought the book.  It was indeed a good read, however i really do wish i read the book first.  I dont think i got the true aspect of it.  If you heard about this movie, read the book first.  During the whole reading period i was always compairing and i knew to much about the story line to really enjoy it(ppl who read the book or saw the movie feel me on that).  Well im not a writer so thats it folks.
0783235607|5.0|This movie keeps you guessing.  It is frightful and terrifying.  'Mother' will keep you on the edge of your seat.  &quot;What's she going to next?&quot;  <br />You feel so sorry for Norman bates, he tries so hard to keep up with the Hotel and with 'mother' killing everybody you feel deep sympathy.  <br />The ending if very shocking and leaves you with goose and chill bumps.    <br />Mother is dead.  'Mother' is Bates.
B00003CXE6|5.0|This movie Gladiator was my Titanic for the year. I absolutely loved it! The photography, acting and story line where just nothing short of magnificent. Russell Crowe was just wonderful as Maximus as was Joaquin Phoenix as the emperor. I have seen this movie about a dozen times now, and never tier of it, everytime I watch it, I see something new. I LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!
B000056K04|5.0|Like all Dave Matthew's CDs they take a couple times of listening to, to get used to.  They all have a different sound.  This new one, EVERYDAY, is no different.  The band's use of electrc guitar is astounding.  The new sound is as good if not better than the old one.  The band has really come a long way since their first big CD, Under The Table And Dreaming.  The band had shortened the instrumentals a lot but has added new types of sounds to make up for what was lost.  The song &quot;Angel&quot; and &quot;The Space Between&quot; have Dave's old slow goodness to them.  The entire CD is great.  If you are a Dave fan, you know that you can sit down and listen to the entire CD without skipping one song, this new CD is no different.  Every song is great in its own right.  If you dont have it, I would deeply encourage getting it as soon as possible.  It will make you feel great.  A loyal DMB fan.
B000058T5E|5.0|I saw Jeff Beck at the Orpheum in Boston last night.  What an amazing show!  He remains the most inventive electric guitar player on the scene, a master producer of raw liquid melody and abrupt agressive howling squawk, all from an overdriven Strat (or Tele) and a Marshall stack. As unlikely as it may seem at first blush, this newest band and format, with hip grooves and tough, edgy funk rhythms fits Jeff and his playing like a glove.  You wouldn't think he could open up a line of melody in many of these grooves, but he does, and then he does it again and again, only to parse and punctuate each &quot;tune&quot; (if you can call it that) with agressive stabs, bends, and his trademark wicked vibrato.  This album will grow on you, and is even more appealing once you have seen Jeff do it all live.  He is every bit as brash, musical, and inventive today as he was on Blow By Blow, Wired, and Truth 25 and 30 years ago!  On top of that, Jennifer Batten plays mean rhythm and lead guitar, has a warm, gutsy voice, and is the backbone of his new and vastly funkier band, as well.  Buy this one and don't stop listening to the beautiful, inventive, musical, funky-scary Jeff Beck.  The only regret is that he didn't include on the album the incredible verion of the Beatles &quot;A Day In The Life&quot; that he used to close last night's show.
0446677450|1.0|What a disappointment.  I knew I was in trouble as soon as I read the introduction by Sharon Lechter, CPA, which advises &quot;any accountants who read this book [to] suspend your academic book knowledge and open your mind to the theories Robert presents.'' She also concedes that many of Mr. Kiyosaki's theories &quot;challenge the very fundamentals of generally accepted accounting principles.''<br />Mr. Kiyosaki touts the tax advantages that corporations provide, but fails to distinguish the different types of corporate entities or mention that earnings generated by &quot;C corporations&quot; are taxed twice.<br />It's also difficult to devine exaclty where Mr. Kiyosaki stands on basic issues such as investing in mutual funds.  On page 71 he derides mutual fund investors who seek to &quot;play it safe'' by diversifying their portfolio holdings (hardly a controversial practice). <br />But by page 81, however, he includes mutual funds in a list of assets that he suggests we should acquire.<br />The book also contains several unhelpful charts whose primary purpose seems to be taking up additional pages so Mr. Kiyosaki may call his work a &quot;book.''<br />Finally, a central theme that runs throughout the book is the idea that doing well in school and learning a profession are not important.  Instead, we would all be better off if we all just simply concentrated on accumulating wealth by buying apartment buidlings etc. I would hate to think what the world would be like if everyone took his advice.
B000056V73|5.0|&quot;Almost Famous&quot; is a comedy/drama/on the road type of film that tells the tale of a 15 year old boy named William Miller being on the road with a band called Stillwater.  Along the way, he makes friends and falls in love.   Miller, played so perfectly and brilliantly by Patrick Fugit, wants to be a rock journalist much to the chagrin of his mother.  Frances Mcdormand plays his overbearing, overprotective mother, and every scene she is in cracks me up.  She was also excellent in this movie, and definitely deserves her Oscar nomination.  Speaking of Oscar, Kate Hudson, who is also nominated in the same category, Best Supporting Actress, is also great in the movie.  She plays Penny Lane, a groupie..excuse me, &quot;Band aid&quot;, she says she is just a big fan of the music and wants to be around the band.  She would rather be around famous people cuz they are more interesting.   William gets his first professional gig as a writer for Rolling Stone.  He is to go on the road with a band and write a fantastic article about his journey with the band Stillwater.<br />Does he ever get his whole story amidst the drugs, sex, and rock and roll?  You will have to watch this movie to find out.  <br />I am a huge fan of alot of the bands used in the movies soundtrack, which is awesome by the way.  There are a few songs you won't recognize, but you will know who's singing.   It is said that this film is a semi-autobiograpical account of Cameron Crowe's early days, before his career took off.He is both the director and writer of the movie.  The band Stillwater is a composite of the bands, yes there was more than one, that Crowe went on the road with.  This maybe not be the classic 70's film that Dazed and Confused is, but it is pretty darn close if you ask me.   I actually originally wanted to see this movie because Billy Crudup, who I admire as an actor and just like to look at, was in it.  I also wanted to see it because it was the latest Cameron Crowe flick as I have loved most of the films he has done: Fast Times at Ridgemont High, Say Anything, Singles.. I consider &quot;Almost Famous&quot; to be one of the best films of the year 2000.  It had a very endearing quality(especially to those who grew up in the 70s and loved the rock and roll that came out of it) and some of the best performances of the year.   It's a great rental....
0767849493|1.0|Personally, I am a crude, profain marine.  Until I saw this show I thought nothing could offend me.  This group of usually good actors crosses the line.  I watched this show with a party of twenty-something people---none of them particularly religious---who all wanted to take a shower after watching this sickening show. Unless you aspire to be just like Maralyn Manson, you will wish you didn't watch it.  I consider seeing this movie one of the worst two hours I have ever spent.
B000056K04|5.0|I have been a DMB band for a couple years now and when I heard &quot;I Did It&quot; on the radio, I thought, &quot;What the HELL is that?!?!&quot; I couldn't believe that they made a song that was so...e[...] lol. But when I got the CD, everything changed. Every word in every song was so heartfelt...and the music behind was just a testament that they're just growing as should all bands! I can't wait to see them in D.C. to hear &quot;The Space Between&quot; and &quot;Sleep To Dream Her&quot; and &quot;Everyday&quot; I HIGHLY recommend this CD to anyone who just wants to sit back and relax to hear some great music.
0784011214|5.0|This was one of the best in the Rambo trilogies. And something dawned on me: Wouldn't it be interesting if this was a prequel to First Blood? I mean the first movie was awesome, and it introduced the world to John Rambo. The sequel and Rambo 3 has Rambo with a machine gun throughout the entire films. Sure he had one in First Blood, but that was toward the end of the film. I think that this movie should have been a prequel because it's soooo goood in every way. I look at the trilogies and I compare them how the Indiana Jones movies were done: Movie, Prequel, and Sequel. This movie shows why John Rambo is considered America's hero!! A definite must have!!!
B00004XMVL|5.0|I do not know if any of the 200-plus reviewers of this film wrote about the classical source of inspiration for &quot;Pitch Black,&quot; but here it goes: it's &quot;Lord Jim&quot; by Joseph Conrad. The main elements that made &quot;Lord Jim&quot; an excellent novel of guilt and redemption, are found in &quot;Pitch Black,&quot; and even some of the not-so-relevant elements as well. In &quot;Lord Jim,&quot; a merchant vessel's officer abandons his ship and her passengers to their fate, after it appears obvious that she will sink. The passengers are pilgrims to Mecca. The ship does not sink, there is an inquiry, and Jim, the officer, his ruined, but, more importantly, he sees himself as a failure of a man because of that decision born out of fear: guilt corrodes him, and he finally seeks a way to expiate that guilt by serving people who are under attack by bloodthirsty pirates, finding the release that his conscience so sorely needed. <br />   Jump to &quot;Pitch Black&quot;, where a merchant space vessel transporting cargo and 40 passengers is in trouble after passing through the tail of a comet. The docking pilot attempts to jettison all the containers, including the ones where the passengers are in cryo-sleep, because she doesn't see any other way to save herself and is not ready to &quot;Die out of sheer f...ing nobility,&quot; as Mitchell, who plays the pilot, so succintly puts it. Well, she can't jettison the passengers, but that attempt on her part will haunt her for the remainder of the film, and will be the cause of her guilt, which propels her onto heroism and nobility so, close to the end of the movie, she  says that she will die for the surviving passengers. A ship in the ocean and a ship in space. A guilt-ridden officer (not the captain). Bloodthirsty pirates and, in &quot;Pitch Black,&quot; bloodthisrty alien creatures. Moslem pilgrims in both the book and the film. Guilt due to actions to save onself, and redemption through blood. The cosmetics of &quot;Pitch Black&quot; make it a science fiction-horror movie. It owes a great deal to &quot;Alien&quot; and &quot;Aliens,&quot; particularly in the design of the creatures. Like many movies as of late, it was filmed in Australia. Like most science fiction movies, the science part doesn't work very well, although, if Asimov couldn't really make the physics work in his short story &quot;Nightfall,&quot; the eclipse of all three suns in &quot;Pitch Black&quot; appears more believable. &quot;Nightfall&quot; is, also, an obvious reference, since really bad things happen, or come to the surface, when the lights go out.<br />   &quot;Pitch Black&quot; is a good movie and a nice tip of the hat to all its sources. But, ever since I saw it in its very short-lived theatrical release, I realized that, even though not credited for it, the basic human drama of guilt and expiation that Joseph Conrad presented in &quot;Lord Jim,&quot; was here, thinly disguised, but stil very vibrant. Enjoy.
B000002J1U|5.0|It is quite ironic that fans and critics back in 1971 were so mortified by the Zep's turn toward the Dark Side (i.e., the scandalous use of...gulp... ACOUSTIC instruments). After all, the true &quot;roots&quot; music for an English musician doesn't come from the harmonicas and dobros of the American Mississippi Delta, it comes from the lutes and dulcimers of traditional English folk songs (Van Morrison, anyone?) In that context, &quot;Led Zeppelin III&quot; is as close as the band ever got to putting out an &quot;English Soul&quot; album. &quot;Gallows Pole&quot; is the best example of traditional folk &quot;Zeppified&quot;...how many other hard rocking numbers can you name that feature BANJO, for God's sake?! &quot;III&quot; is arguably Zeppelin's most consistently listenable album, mainly because (&quot;The Immigrant Song&quot; aside) most of the songs haven't been ruined by incessant FM airplay over the years. Maybe Cameron Crowe's inclusion of &quot;That's The Way&quot; on his Y2K &quot;Almost Famous&quot; soundtrack will give Zeppelin's most &quot;obscure&quot; album renewed interest and a whole new generation of fans!
B000059MEK|5.0|For new Daft Punk fans and for those who were as thrilled as I was to see it finally... after 3  years... released, the followup to Homework is quite different.  Do not let the only released single &quot;One More Time&quot; fool  you as well... the rest of the album is not like an ode to Stardust... the beats are old school and new combined.  There are certain tracks that are a bit reminiscent of Michael Jackson (back when he was good), there is even a track with a killer electric guitar solo.  This album delivers-- Completely different yet so alike to Homework-- After such a long wait- I must admit I wanted more, a single CD of 14 tracks was not enough... but it will have to do.  There are a few tracks with simple lyrics (as if &quot;One More Time&quot; was complicated) they are even slightly romantic.  Mirwais's recent obsession with voice alteration (think Madonna's &quot;Music&quot;) is used quite frequently and it reaches a point of where it is still rather cool.... but nearing annoying-- but stops before it gets there.  Perfect.
B0000508U6|2.0|I bought this CD because Amazon.com stated if your music tastes  center around bands like Badly Drawn Boy and Radiohead, then you might like this album.  Well, this CD is a far cry from the above mentioned - both of whom are innovative, cutting-edge artists with an individual voice.  This band sounds like so many others, it's hard to regard it as anything new.  One question if you are considering the purchase of this record: Do you like Dave Matthews voice?  If so, I'm sure this one will get you off -
080017948X|4.0|THis film is must see.  You get good acting by the cast and some well timed humor.  Futher more has a good plot.  If you are in the mood for a romantic comedy this movie is it.
B000002HH2|5.0|My first impression of this album was... surprise, followed by a big smile, and then - ELATION.  Since then I have listened to it hundreds of times, and it constantly amazes me.<br />I noticed that many reviewers commented that they didn't care for the song &quot;Headphones&quot;. My recommendation is that you try listening to it with headphones, sitting in a boat, in the middle of a tranquil lake, right about twilight.  It's magic.
B00004T9UH|2.0|First off, let me say I respect Eminem because he truly is a musical genius.  He is smart and has definite talent as a rapper.  That said, listening to this CD is like watching a horror movie.  It's very depressing and has scary sounding songs.  He has two songs (Kill You and Kim) that are about killing women, and in Kim the particular woman is his wife.  Other songs include Stan, the story of a obsessed fan who writes to Eminem (Which is the highlight of the album), and has a beautifully sung chorus by Dido.  The Way I Am is a message to the critics and anti-Eminem population.  The Real Slim Shady is just a way to get his various views on life across to his audience.  I personally feel his previous CD, The Slim Shady LP, is a much better piece of work because I feel the songs are less angry and easier to listen to.  If you like both rock and rap (i.e. you love Limp Bizkit and you love Dr.Dre), most likely you'll like this CD.  I wouldn't recommend it to somebody who has only heard The Real Slim Shady, as that is really the only radio friendly song on the album.
B00004T8RK|5.0|This is a fine album further establishing the growth of a legendary band.  No it's not like Ten or Vs., but so the hell what?  They've grown, and most true fans of the band have grown with them, acknowledging that grunge as a fad is dead.  What has kept PJ alive all this time is that they have long since risen above their grunge beginnings, unlike Alice in Chains and Soundgarden.  I remember my college days, stepping out of the shower and headbanging to Evenflow, wet hair everywhere;  I remember stroking my long goattee to Jeremy and Black.  But good bands move on.  I would have been devastated if, like other &quot;grunge&quot; bands, PJ would have pumped out Ten over and over and over again under different album titles.  I like Binaural particularly BECAUSE it's not like their past offerings.  They give their true fans credit; Eddie and the boys acknowledge the true fan's ability to know what's been done before and what needs to be done now.  I particularly like the track &quot;Sleight of Hand&quot; because it's a dramatic departure from their hooky &quot;Daughter&quot; past.  The only constant for PJ is their revelling in formal and artistic inconsistency, and yet still finding ways to rock and amaze their fans.
B000002H8F|4.0|this is their 'cleanest' album.Black Francis' singing is smoother as opposed to the other albums' more psychotic screatching tendancies ( which is so great too, deliberate ) there is a great feel of interstellar travel here. i dropped it a star because i think the execution of Pixies guitaring isn't their calling card and their drumming is too simple. but if the description 'controlled psychosis' sounds good to you, + u like rock, then explore this band or you're missing out on the best.
B000056K04|1.0|I hate to say anything bad about DMB, as I've been a huge fan, but I am disappointed in the new sound too. I couldn't even hear the other band members....certainly not any solos. The collaboration with Glen Ballard doesn't work for me, and I am a big Alanis fan too. I hope this is just a one-time experiment and that Dave will get back to the sound that we all love so much! This reminds me of an album that Pat Metheny did without his band, ....a studio produced sound with synthesizers and backround orchestrations. Some nice songs and melodies, but not the unique sound we had come to expect. It's the same thing here. Let's hope it won't last. We miss the DMB sound!!
B000059MEK|1.0|This album has no soul, no funk, and sounds too much like Eiffel 64.  What were they thinking?  Trying to sell more records?  Make more money?  Homework is the album.  Discovery is just bad.
B00003CX9W|1.0|This movie has proven to be one of the most boring movies of all time. For 125 minutes you have to watch gosh-awful (Well not for that time) drawings put in sync with some pieces of really good music. The result is boring excuse for a movie. I stopped this mid-way because I hated it so much and I was bored out of my mine. And I'm considered to have a long attention-span. Those of you with short attention-spans hate this movie. It's boring, it's old, and it's not worth it. Save your money.
B00003CXC7|5.0|This is the best Hitchcock film ever made. I have waited for years for this to be re-released and I AM NOT DISAPOINTED! Grace Kelly is beautiful, Jimmy Stewart is at his finest and I could watch this movie over and over again! The screenplay is superb and the directing is excellent. I have seen this movie about 100 times and every time Lisa goes into the apartment alone I get nervous! Buy this DVD it is a COMPLETE MUST HAVE!
B000001F5F|4.0|U2 is one of the few rock bands that can make a great studio recording and turn it into a memorable stage performance. And nowhere is that ability more fully realized than on this CD. <br />&quot;Under a Blood Red Sky&quot; captures some of the group's better moments during their 1983 concert tour in the States and in Germany. The album starts off with a rousing good version of &quot;Gloria&quot; and ends with the powerful &quot;40.&quot; <br />In addition to all the great songs on this CD, one that is definitely worth any U2 fan's attention is &quot;11 o'clock Tick Tock.&quot; I don't believe there ever was a studio version of this song and I'm not sure why it wasn't included on any of U2's previous albums. In any case, this is one of U2's finer concert performances and that, in of itself, would justify adding this CD to your collection.<br />If you want to fully appreciate the energy and excitement of this concert tour then you will definitely want to buy a copy of this video. Believe me, you won't be disappointed.
0060977493|5.0|The numerous negative reviews on this one surprise me.  I myself am afflicted with that gen-x impatience and irritation with self-indulgent prose and overwrought plots.  But this book grabbed me and blew me away.  The book excels in its radiant, poetic imagery and its sometimes quaint, sometimes devastating insight into humanity and society.  But what sends it over the top is its exquisitely structured plot.  The old analogy of peeling an onion comes to mind -- the story masterfully shifts back and forth from past and present, slowly revealing its tragic ultimate truths.  Trust me:  at the end, the genius behind the organization becomes perfectly, heart-breakingly clear.<br />The plot shifts were NOT confusing or distracting, even for this MTV-generation reader.  If anything, I agree with those thinking that the author makes it too easy to follow and lets on a little too much too early.  This book does require some careful reading, or even multiple readings (generally, a good trait for books).  True to the author's background in architecture, every detail counts and nothing is wasted.  Which raises my only other minor complaint -- the author gets a little carried away with recalling and recycling every single image and detail.  At times it borders on listening to that overexcited friend that keeps on bringing up the same old stories and inside jokes -- 'Okay already.'<br />As for social commentary, this novel is par excellence.  What better setting for another rendition of that old theme of forbidden love than post-liberation India.  Gender, class, age, race.  Tradition, Marxism, Decolonization, Anglophilia.  'Little' people caught in the middle of 'big' things.  Those that don't see the scathing social criticism in this book baffle me.  I guess if you don't get it, you just don't get it.
B000001F5F|4.0|U2 is one of the few rock bands that can make a great studio recording and turn it into a memorable stage performance. And nowhere is that ability more fully realized than on this CD. <br />&quot;Under a Blood Red Sky&quot; captures some of the group's better moments during their 1983 concert tour in the States and in Germany. The album starts off with a rousing good version of &quot;Gloria&quot; and ends with the powerful &quot;40.&quot; <br />In addition to all the great songs on this CD, one that is definitely worth any U2 fan's attention is &quot;11 o'clock Tick Tock.&quot; I don't believe there ever was a studio version of this song and I'm not sure why it wasn't included on any of U2's previous albums. In any case, this is one of U2's finer concert performances and that, in of itself, would justify adding this CD to your collection.<br />If you want to fully appreciate the energy and excitement of this concert tour then you will definitely want to buy a copy of this video. Believe me, you won't be disappointed.
0060975768|5.0|I commanded A Company, 1st Battalion, 7th Cav under LTC Hal Moore at X-Ray. I lived the battle and led two aasaults. Hal Moore's book is an accurate account of the events of those two days and reflects his love for his soldiers as well as his determination to close with the enemy. As another reviewer described the book shortly after it was published it is &quot;the best description of small unit combat since the Red badge of Courage&quot;. Having just read 71 reviews I note that some of the reviewers criticize Moore on issues of tactical considerations. Without going into a lot of detail the Hueys did well to carry 6 soldiers at the altitude of the central highlands of Vietnam. We did not have good intelligence as to where the enemy was so the operation was planned as a reconaissance in force. Not much different than hundreds of other air assaults by both Army and Marine units during the war.  The book was not written to glorify war but to demonmstrate the courage and character of the American soldier.
B00003CX6P|1.0|Oh, boy.  I have to say that I hated this movie.  I couldn't believe how poor it was compared to the book.  It's a shame because I really do enjoy the work of the actors.  I appreciate artsy movies as much as the next guy who pretends to like artsy movies but there comes a point where something has to happen.  The problem is that when it does 'happen' I just didn't care anymore.<br />As my dad used to say while watching The Young Ones with me &quot;Why on God's good name....!&quot;
B000000LZV|5.0|Politically speaking, 1984 wasn't the best year as Ronald Reagan handily won re-election.  Musically speaking, however, it was an extraordinary time, thanks in no small measure to two revolutionary post-punk releases: Husker Du's &quot;Zen Arcade&quot; and the Minutemen's &quot;Double Nickels on the Dime.&quot;<br />While the Huskers noisily plumbed the inner depths of alienation and despair, the Minutemen created something that amounted to good time music for the Reign of Reagan.  &quot;Double Nickels&quot; is a breathless 43-song (45 on the original tape), 75-minute romp that wrapped both the minutely personal and profoundly political in the language not just of punk, but also of funk, jazz and folk. <br />With an ever-widening thematic lens, nothing escaped the Minutemen's power of observation, from gangster capitalism and overseas intervention to leaky apartment ceilings and the youthful jams of aspiring punks.  To this day I marvel at the tensile strength of &quot;Double Nickels on the Dime.&quot; In the Minutemen's world, heartbreak and humor both held squatter's rights.<br />Make no mistake: D. Boon (guitar), George Hurley (drums) and Mike Watt (bass) were the children of punk.  Still, it's almost pointless to categorize &quot;Double Nickels&quot; because of its stylistic sprawl, its welcoming embrace of pop's idiomatic diversity (there are even covers of Steely Dan, Creedence Clearwater and, on the original tape, Van Halen) and, of course, its ideological thrust. <br />Buoyed as it is by Boon's often spoken-sung poetry and well-placed guitar licks, Watt's funky bass lines and Hurley's sturdy drum and cymbal work,&quot;Double Nickels on the Dime&quot; retains its transcendent power nearly 20 years after its original release. <br />We can only speculate on the fertility of the Minutemen's musical imagination and the depths of their collective heart. As Reagan's revolution continued to torch the working class, Boon was killed in an automobile accident at the end of 1985.  &quot;Three-Way Tie for Last&quot; would be their final release, with &quot;Double Nickles on the Dime&quot; standing as their finest hour.<br />But don't think of &quot;Double Nickels&quot; as a last will and testament.  &quot;I stand for language, I speak for truth, I shout for history.&quot; Boon says In &quot;Do You Want New Wave or Do You Want the Truth?&quot;  <br />To which I respond: Amen brother. You always did, and always will.
6305922756|5.0|Ah, yes.  I remember stumbling home,slightly inebreated from the Bush &amp; Feathers one night and I plopped down on the sofa to watch TV.  Spinal Tap was on and I remember thinking, &quot;Man, they stink.&quot;  I continued to watch as I couldn't believe how crap this band were. I found myself laughing at them and pointing to the screen, looking around my room for people who were not there to agree with me that they are just idiots - <br />&quot;What's the difference between sexy and sexist?&quot; &quot;There's such a fine line between clever and ... stupid.&quot;  &quot;That guitar's never been played..No, don't touch it...Don't even look at it.&quot;  &quot;Scotland Yard just doesn't have the equipment to dust for vomit.&quot;  &quot;A musical about Jack the Ripper called 'Saucy Jack'&quot;  <br />After it was over I found myself humming along to 'Stonehenge'  (which nearly was crushed by dwarves), and Big Bottoms (talk about mud-flaps, my girls got 'em).  As I nodded of I woke with a start - &quot;Wasn't that record-exec Steed from The Avengers?&quot;   Ahh, I had been conned - I'm an idiot.
B00003CXSP|5.0|I would like to have in my dvd collection ManHunter, Silence Of The Lambs, Hannibal all in DVDFormat in a box set of all the trilogys               Thanks,Ralph DiGiovanni
0782008372|2.0|I first saw this movie years ago when I rented it on video. I really enjoyed the movie. Highlander is really a cult classic. I just got a DVD player for my birthday and bought this 10th Anniversary Edition on DVD. Man, what a let down! The picture quality is terrible! The movie looks grainy and has little white specks flickering throughout the movie. Plus the sound quality is lousy. I have never seen such poor quality in a DVD! Don't waste your time buying the DVD. If they do another edition on DVD, they need to go back and do a better job! Go and buy the regular Director's Cut on VHS. It's a waste of money buying it on DVD.
B0000025ZF|2.0|I just do not like this album. The music is uninspired, and it seems too dark and bleak (after all, it IS about dreams). The only song I liked on this album was &quot;4:41AM (Sexual Revolution)&quot;, but one song does not an album make. Only true Waters fans (or maybe only hardcore Waters fans) should get this one. I;m a Waters fan, but I do not like this one.
B00004RFFS|5.0|There seems to be a problem on Chapter 15, the image is frozen with a line across it, distorting the image.  You won't believe how many times I have returned the dvd, it looks like the studio or manufactor's fault.  So a warning for all, there seems to be a problem and I'm not buying this dvd until they(the studio) fixes it!  And everyone shouldn't either.
B000007MVM|5.0|Syd Barrett is one of the most underrated musicians ever. The songs on this album range from good to great. My faves on this one are, uh, ALL OF THEM! I just love each and every song on this album, but if I had to choose a favorite, it would have to be either &quot;Terrapin&quot;, &quot;Dark Globe&quot; (which was covered in the 1980s by REM), &quot;Octopus&quot; (which is where the album title comes from...a lyric goes &quot;Well the madcap laughed at the man in the water&quot;), or &quot;Golden Hair&quot; (Syd used part of a James Joyce poem and set the words to music for this masterpiece). I love this album, and I bet you will, too!
B00004XOWN|5.0|LB is at their best with this album. I've got two (this one and Three dollar bill) and CSFAHDFW is by far the best. Skip Brittney Spears, N'Sync,DMX,Kid Rock, and PaPa Roach. Fred Durst is God.<br />P.S. Buy the edited version (my dad made me)
B0000027I6|4.0|This album is very good. The lyrics are great, and there are some great songs to be found on here. My personal favorite song is &quot;Watching TV&quot;, a rather sad song about a girl killed during the Tianamen Square riots (sung from the point-of-view of the girl's brother)...Don Henley made a spectacular showing on this song, singing with Waters with emotion. The &quot;What God Wants&quot; songs are good, with my fave being part one. &quot;Perfect Sense&quot; was okay but a little too extravagant for my tastes (the Marv Albert [yes, THAT Marv Albert, the NBC sports guy] monologue seemed corny, but the backwards message where Waters practically slanders Stanley Kubrick was good). &quot;The Bravery Of Being Out Of Range&quot; is a very good rocker. And one song, &quot;It's A Miracle&quot;, takes a few potshots at Andrew Lloyd Webber...Waters stated in past interviews that parts of Webber's &quot;Phantom Of The Opera&quot; sounds too similar to Pink Floyd's &quot;Echoes&quot;, so Waters threw in a line that states &quot;We cower in out shelters, with our hands over our ears, Lloyd-Webber's awful stuff runs for years and years and years/An earthquake hits the theatre, but the operetta lingers, then the piano lid comes down and breaks his [blank]-ing fingers...It's a miracle&quot;<br />This is easily Waters' best solo album.
B000002LEM|1.0|Let's start with the cover: Van Halen impersonating the Beatles' famous LP cover.  Ha Ha.  Couple that with the stupid title and you have a great preview of the contents of this slap job recording.  But it isn't funny in the end.  It's sad.<br />Things start out poorly with the murky Mine All Mine. You can keep it, Sam.  When It's Love takes another poke at the Beatles with it's Hey Jude ending, then it's straight into the tank with A.F.U (Naturally Wired). But it doesn't get any worse than Feels So Good which sounds like a Colgate commercial with it's &quot;So Good&quot; backround chirps.  Is this Van Halen???
B00000ADG2|4.0|Al escuchar este CD por primera ocasin me interes mucho la calidad del mismo pero despus de varias canciones me pareci algo poco inovador.Sin embargo,el mrito del lbum se sostiene por la excelente calidad de (no muchas) canciones.En realidad llegars a pensar que Lauryn Hill es una genio de la msica por su capacidad de hacer majestuosas canciones.Para m es de mis mejores lbums,y vale mucho la pena,porque aunque la calidad del mismo merma un poco en parte del disco,brilla como un qusar en las canciones buenas.Muy recomendable.
B000059R8Y|3.0|This album is quite a treat! We all know Clapton from his numerous albums and hit songs over the last few years, so his appearance on this album is not too surprising. His guitar work on \\"Reptile\\" is smooth and jazzy, like Wes Montgomery with a pina colada in his hand performing an instrumental duet with Jimmy Buffett. \\"Come Back Baby\\" is a lonely plea to a lost lover, whose gender is ambiguous in the lyrics, in true modern-songwriting fashion. This album is very politically correct. \\"Find Myself\\" is a soft, soul-searching exercise that delves so deeply into the human psyche that it may as well be a graduate course in psychology. <br />But the real treat on this album is the reappearance of Billy Preston as Clapton's sideman. In fact, Clapton should have put Preston's name on \\"Reptile\\" instead of his own-Preston clearly dominates the melodies on this album. (Or could Preston be the \\"Reptile\\" to which Clapton refers in the title?) I really hope he continues to be a fixture in Clapton's group, because he may be the factor that keeps Clapton's new music in the public consciousness. If you like this album, you should check out Preston's other albums; you will not be disappointed. However, since He is such a strong presence on \\"Reptile,\\" this doesn't come off as being a \\"true\\" Clapton album. If you like the legendary sound of Clapton, you should listen to his non-Preston collaborations. Therefore this album is really a 3 star album: 5 stars for Preston, but only 1 star for Clapton.
B00004XOWM|5.0|This album is great.  I think that Fred did a great job on &quot;My Generation&quot; and &quot;Rollin&quot;.  I would definetly reccomend this album to others.
014028009X|4.0|Funny, crazy and totally in the now!  I loved this book.  I can identify with Bridget's total neuroses...work, love, sex, weight loss, weight gain, making promises to higher beings in order to get a roll in the sac and white wine.  So what that it's slightly common and not deep and not...?  I loved it nonetheless.  If you're a woman in your 30's, live in a big city and are single, this book is for you.
B000000W5N|5.0|The Rolling Stones have always been criticized for not being a true &quot;album band.&quot;  But few can argue that the period of 1968-1972 was definitely the era where the Stones hit huge creative heights.  Although they will never reach the same heights again (and for that matter, never reach the same heights as the Beatles, Led Zeppelin, and the Who), the Stones did put out four great albums in a row during that time.  Although many fans either perfer &quot;Let It Bleed&quot; or &quot;Exile on Main Street,&quot; their 1971 masterpiece &quot;Sticky Fingers&quot; is, in my opinion, their best album.  Similar to Led Zeppelin's untitled fourth album (also released in '71), &quot;Sticky Fingers&quot; is a great power combo of beautiful acoustic ballads and raucous hard rockers.<br />Things get off to a great start with the raunchy classic &quot;Brown Sugar&quot; which (despite being overplayed) is THE best Rolling Stones song ever written.  &quot;Sway&quot; continues to rock hard, then &quot;Wild Horses&quot; calms things down a bit with great acoustics and poignant lyrics.  &quot;Can't You Hear Me Knocking&quot; is a 7 minute blast of nonsense phrases and powerhouse riffs.  &quot;You Gotta Move,&quot; &quot;Bitch,&quot; and &quot;I Got the Blues&quot; are all good, but the final three songs are worth the price of the album alone.<br />&quot;Sister Morphine&quot; is the best anti-drug statement recorded on tape, with both Mick Jagger's voice and lyrics setting the dark mood as Mick Taylor's eerie guitar slides in.  &quot;Dead Flowers&quot; is the best break-up song ever (enough said).  &quot;Moonlight Mile&quot; is the best song on the record, combining awesome acoustic guitar from Keith Richards with catchy string arrangements.  Overall, this is another perfect record.  Not one filler.  If I composed a greatest rock album list, &quot;Led Zeppelin IV&quot; and &quot;Abbey Road&quot; are definitely going on it...and &quot;Sticky Fingers&quot; of course.
B000059MEK|5.0|Since the release of the excellent single &quot;One More Time&quot;,I've been anticipating the release of this c.d. eagerly.If I was to sum this c.d. up very briefly for Daft Punk fans-it's a lot more One More Time,then the previous c.d. Homework.In fact there is very,very little of the sound of Homework on this c.d.<br /> Okay 14 tracks running close to one hour;8 of these are instrumental.The tracks with vocals are pretty much all done with vocoder and this is shared by Daft Punk themselves and two guest vocalists-who actually all sound pretty similar.The tracks are all way shorter then those on their last c.d. except for the closing track &quot;Too Long&quot;.I'd heard all sorts of sneak previews that Daft Punk were going way different on this c.d.Some said pure 70's disco,others Euro-Disco and still others said it would be quite like their Gallic compatriots Air.I have to say that none of these predictions were wrong,yet none of them were accurate either.It's a mixture of those 3 influences that I mentioned above and throw in the odd trance track and a bit of Jean-Michel Jarre.I know it must be annoying to be comparing them to other French artists,but most people would have to admit they have a very distinctive sound.One thing this c.d. certainly is not,is hardcore Techno-it's a million miles from that in my opinion.In fact one could describe this c.d. as almost having a real lightweight sound.I've been listening to this for 2 weeks now and I can't make up my mind as to whether this c.d. is too 'cheesey' in an Eiffel 65,Euro-Disco style or if it's magnificent.I seem to be coming to the opinion that it's a really,really excellent c.d.I feel there is something here for every fan of dance music-except maybe hardcore industrial fans-to enjoy.This duo seem so accomplished at many styles of Dance/Disco and Instrumental music.<br /> The music seems to have been influenced more by the music of the 70's and early 80's rather then the 90's.Apart from the obvious Chic influence there are influences from artist's like 10CC,Supertramp and there is even a sample from Barry Manilow.Many of the instrumental tracks sound very like Air-especially their Moon Safari c.d.All of the songs have immediate accessibility;like this is pretty commercial dance music and it doesn't take long to get into all the tracks.The production quality is just amazing-probably the best I've heard in a long time.So for those who like their music hit very crisp and clear and with no distortion at all then you'll like it.When they do add lyrics to the songs,they are extremely syrupy in the romance stakes,but then I don't think people were ever go to like or dislike this c.d. on the basis of lyrical content.  So all in all I'm going to give this c.d. a 4/5/ rating.Yet I'm still not sure that I may look back in a years time and say this is too smooth and M.O.R.My one recommendation for people thinking of buying this c.d. would be to listen to as many tracks as possible to get a feel for the overall sound.I think you'll either love this or hate it-I just can't see a middle ground.Right now I love it!<br />P.S.-I love the &quot;Daft Card&quot;(like a credit card) given with the c.d.-a very nice touch!
B000056NX5|5.0|I was a little scared to buy this DVD as Joseph... was a let down. But Gale Edwards did things with this musical that NOONE could have. She actually let you see INTO each character and how they felt and what their intentions were. When I heard that Tony Vincent was going to be Simon instead of Judas, I was a little disappointed, but Jerome Pradon did an excellent job. His voice took some getting used to, but his acting and his facial expressions were superb. Tony Vincent did an awesome job as Simon. I was not surprised as he is an excellent singer (on top of being gorgeous). Renee Castle's Mary was right on the money. She was so confused as to what was going on with her. Did she love him? Why did she love him? Should she love him? Her portrayal was right on. Caiphas was amazing (what a basso voice!!!), as was Annas. Pilate had a great operatic voice (another one to get used to). I was very impressed with the 39 lashes. What creativity Edwards has... I don't want to ruin that moment for anyone. <br />Basically, this DVD was a huge suprise to me as it was truly amazing. I don't say that about many things, but this is DEFINATELY deserving.
B000002U82|1.0|It just struck me, after decades of being baffled and angered by the popularity of this album, that it isn't about the music, it's about the silence. Don't bother with the songs, listen to the gaps between them, between the ticks of the clock. It's well served by the CD format where the gaps are more pristene and devoid of clicks, but I imagine fans miss the old days of laying around waiting for someone to turn the album over.
6304078102|5.0|about music, people and finding direction in life. I don't have much to add to what other reviewers have written but I think you could learn a lot from this film while you are enjoying watching it as a story. I also feel that it would be a very good film to watch if you are a trainee teacher in any subject. I have been through that mill myself and I think it would have given me inspiration. people often say that people don't make &quot;nice&quot; movies anymore...not so! Watch it!
0440219078|5.0|I totally reccomend this book. I had to read this book for my English class and at first I thought it would be really boring, boy, was I in for a suprise. This is one of my favorite books and this book actually teaches you a lesson-- Indivuality is very important and similarty is just plain boring. Accept people's unique traits, because that is what makes the world go round!!!
0201633612|5.0|Finally a book in OO that can compare with the legendary D. Knuth books &quot;The Art of Programming Vol. 1-3&quot;. It is time that Software Designer understand that more Engineering methods can be applied in their field than they ever thought. This book is a good example for that.
B00003CXFV|4.0|Hello all- This movie is well worth the investment.  By no means is it one of those movies you watch over and over again in a short period of time. It is however, a fun movie to watch when there is nothing else on tv.  The middle part of the movie does get a little slow, but overall it is a good movie. Julia Roberts does a great job in this film and she has a strong attitude as well as passion from beginning to end.
0385335482|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book - I felt myself relating to the character and when reading this book,  it felt like I was having a conversation with a good friend and hashing out our financial problems.  A great read and has a little bit of everything that most women want: fashion, alot of humor and even an attractive guy, although I personally would have liked a bit more into the relationship of Rebecca and Luke - perhaps in the next novel?  A rare gem of a book and I applaud the author for such a great story.  Thank you Sophie for the laughs
B000059RL3|5.0|For someone like myself who has purchased every incarnation of this album on CD, my expectations were very high, and I'm happy to say that I wasn't let down. What's turning out to be an outstanding reissue series, the folks at Universal have given Marvin Gaye's thirty year old(wow has it been that long???) masterpiece the supreme treatment it has always deserved. The story of &quot;What's Going On&quot; is as interesting as the music itself, which of course much has been written about it over the years. About how Motown initially refused to issue the single until Marvin put his foot down and refused to record anymore until &quot;What's Going On&quot; was released. Not surprisingly the record took off like a rocket, and the label wanted an album right away. In an incredible burst of creative energy, the rest of the album was recorded in 10 days!!!  Besides the original released mix, the initial mix(The Detroit Mix) of the album has been released for the first time. &quot;The Detroit Mix&quot; doesn't have some of the instrumental and vocal overdubs that the finished mix has, and is more percussion heavy than the final version. Side one is noticeably different in the way the songs are edited together. It's a nice contrast to hear the two versions side by side on this CD. Also included is a instrumental special mix of the title track which features more of the strings and James Jamerson's masterful bassline up front in the mix, and that's just disc one! On the second CD there is a live concert from 1972 featuring Marvin performing the album in it's entirety live for the first time. As a nice bonus the mono single versions of &quot;What's Going On&quot;, it's B-side &quot;God Is Love&quot;(a slower but just as beautiful as the album version), &quot;Sad Tomorrows&quot;(B-side of &quot;Mercy Mercy Me&quot;) and an early version of &quot;Distant Lover&quot;(&quot;Head Title&quot;) with different lyrics. Top that all off with a booklet that has a great essay by Ben Edmondsabout the making of the album and comments from Smokey Robinson, and reissue producer Harry Weinger. Nice packaging and an excellent 24-bit remaster complete this outstanding reissue. An incredible work of beauty, and one of my favorite albums period.
0792140346|2.0|A run of the mill courtroom drama type thing with a nice twist at the end which, unfortunately, doesn't come through because the film is so long and, frankly, tedious. Could have done with more suspense, and I've seen much better courtroom scenes in almost any courtroom drama you care to name. I don't like this Gere chappie either. The smarm around women, that &quot;Aren't I just God's gift to women&quot; smile, just makes me want to puke! Sometimes I am not even sure which bit ties in where in the film, like when that Spanish guy is dragged out of the river, and what about the police chief, or whatever he is? What happens to him? Too many loose ends! The plot stretches belief too much to make viewing enjoyable. Imagine this: Gere has taken on an open and shut case in favour of the opposition and, after the first session in court, he turns to his collegues and says, &quot;I'm losing this case!&quot; What the hell do you expect? I hate the arrogant type that Hollywood likes to cast for lawyers these day.  And my last moan is the title. You can imagine the author thinking &quot;Hmm, I need a really cool title for this mediocre story...how about &quot;Basic Instinct&quot;..oh, somebody already thought of it ...I know lets call it &quot;Primal Fear&quot; because it sounds really alluring even though it doesn't have anything to do with the film/book&quot; I have a new title for you. How about &quot;Tedious Arrogance&quot; or &quot;Nauseous Smarm&quot; or &quot;Too long&quot;?
0767802659|3.0|Nothing really special about it, except that the acting was so horrible that I ended up laughing out loud at it. But the dark-humor, (eg &quot;Make WAR, not love&quot; attitude) makes this one campy sci-fi movie that everybody should own. So what if it missed 3/4 of the book, it made the book more exciting and somewhat more realistic to contemporary societ. (Except that women still can't be on the front lines or register for the draft).<br />So, all you apes that dislike, join the military, then watch this. Most hilarious
B00004Z4UW|4.0|I was lucky enough to see an advance screening of The Matrix at Skywalker Ranch for the entire Lucas/ILM team (who had just released SWE1).  The entire place roared with approval for the film, and not just once did I overhear a techie claim that the Matrix was &quot;much better&quot; than the Jar-Jar movie they had just spent the last three years making.<br />Ah, but here's the thing.  All of you 20-something reviewers pausing your TOOL album long enough to pen your two cents while blowing off your dot-gone job - listen up.  Of course you are going to love this movie.  You are a demographic under transparent crosshairs and this movie was made to be spoon fed to you.  They even made the hero a hacker!  Ha!  Hearing 2000 of you say that this was the &quot;best movie ever&quot; with &quot;a complex plot&quot; that &quot;enlightened&quot; you does not help any real film fan judge this flick. ...<br />The Matrix was a very enjoyable action movie with frenetic pacing during the action sequences, mediocre acting from the cast, and enough gaps in the story continuity to annoy any careful movie watcher.  However, it was fun, loud, and had more back-story behind it than most action movies in recent years.  Apparently that is enough for many to claim it as the best movie of the year, but not me.<br />A quick rundown of the positives:   Carrie Ann Moss - truly the heart and soul of the movie, not to mention the best acting job of the lot.  Her unforgettable first scene is probably the best one of the movie.  Her heroine (until the clichéd end) is a model for strong female characters. <br />Hugo Weaving - next to Alan Rickman's &quot;Hans Gruber&quot;, the second best action movie villain ever.  They're lucky he'll be in the sequel.  One of the few times that both the villain and the hero are guaranteed to be in the follow up.  It didn't hurt The Empire Strikes Back, did it?  <br />The Soundtrack - the industrial electronica and the fight sequences go hand in hand.  Made to beturned up loud.  Also, the sound effects team deserved every bit of the Oscar won for best Sound Effects.<br />The Humor - we expect action movies to be filled with one-liners, but I liked the slight nods to classic martial arts films and spaghetti westerns - dig on the newspaper playing the role of tumbleweed during the final confrontation in the subway station.  Subtle, yet funny.<br />The Concept -  As stated many times before, not original.  But I have to applaud the Wachowski brothers for putting a very pretty window dressing on an age-old philosophical query - &quot;Is our entire existence but a dream in someone else's mind?&quot;  Better yet is the question &quot;Is humankind perhaps merely a disposable evolutionary step between nature and machine?&quot;  Plus, packaging these concepts up for the young, no-so-well-read, white male population in such a digestible way might even open up a mind or two that otherwise would be wasted on net...  Even I can't be against that.<br />A rundown of the negatives: The quickly brushed-over plot devices - i.e. Humans need more energy than they could ever produce if kept still.  It would be easier and more efficient to raise just about any other animal.  Please.  Plus, I can't help but wonder just how much money it took from Motorola, Ericsson or Nokia to have these uber-cool ruffians carry cell phones, just as an proliferation in US cell-phone hipness was exploding in the movie's target demographic.  Can't you just hear the talks at Warner Bros.: &quot;But wait, we want these characters to have to run to certain phone locations.&quot;  &quot;Okay, okay, you can't travel via cell phone out of the Matrix, but you can talk to each other.&quot;  &quot;How will we explain that one?&quot;  &quot;Who cares, they'll all be too stoned to realize.&quot;<br />The incongruent visual effects - Never before has the trail of multiple effects shops been so easily followed.  The scenes from outside the ship look like they were spliced in from a PC Game intro.  They contrast with the scenes of the embryo farms, which in turn contrast with the martial arts scenes, all of which look nothing like the helicopter explosion.  Each may as well have had a  &quot;©1999 Amalgamated Pixels Inc.&quot;  or  &quot;©1999 MVFX&quot; logo in the corner.  At times I felt like I was watching a VFX demo reel.<br />The Violence - I must admit I softened on this complaint after multiple viewings.  But the first time I saw this movie, I was a little appalled by the need for so much base-level, gun-toting sophomoric violence in a sci-fi/kung-fu film.  Not to mention the helplessness of many of the victims.  In the wake of multiple school shooting tragedies, the writers probably realized this, hence the line Morpheus spouts saying that anyone &quot;still plugged in&quot; can be an enemy.  Ah, but justified slaughter has never been as poetically rendered.<br />Lastly, the hype.  As I've already railed on above, the people who claim this as the &quot;best movie of all time&quot; tend to all be of a type.  They're not telling us anything about the movie, they're telling us about themselves.  They are not well versed in Philosophy, have not seen many classic sci-fi movies, and generally are not that bright.  (don't even get me started on their grammar usage -  it speaks for itself.)  As for the movie itself, it is a very fun, very exciting ride, with some thought-provoking concepts that make up for its various faults.  The DVD transfer, as should be expected, is impeccable, and the sound will leave your living room shaking.  Buy it and enjoy it, but try and contain the hyperbole.
B000002NBY|5.0|Very rare it is to be listening to a collection of songs going back a while only STILL to have great listening value I guess making them priceless, treat yourself.
B00005ATZT|5.0|It seems like every time Harrison Ford makes a movie, everyone has a urge to see it because they know it is going to be a good movie.  This is the case with The Fugitive.  Movies are not made like this anymore, not to say that the movies that are made other ways are not good, but a smart thriller like this is just plain exciting.  There is not a dull point in the movie and it keeps you wondering if you would have done what Dr Kimble (Ford)would have done, and when you think about it, most of the stuff that he does to survive in the movie is possible, making the movie even more interesting.  And added to that, it has a great supporting cast that includes the likes of Tommy Lee Jones, who is a spectacular actor himself!  With a new dvd edition of this awesome movie coming out, it is definately a must-buy action, non-dead brain fun time that fans want these days!
B00005614M|5.0|An album that has earned it's place as one of the cornerstones of modern jazz is &quot;Birth Of The Cool&quot;. Recorded right after his stint playing and recording with Charlie Parker, Miles assembled an incredible group of musicians including Gerry Mulligan, Lee Konitz, John Lewis, Kai Winding and Max Roach. The interplay between these guys is amazing!! The standout tracks include &quot;Venus De Milo&quot;, &quot;Jeru&quot;(both penned by Gerry Mulligan), and &quot;Rouge&quot;(by John Lewis). These twelve songs originally released on 78's in 1949 and 1950 were eventually released as an album by Capitol in 1957. Upon picking up this reissue I was surprised to find out that the original first generation master tapes had not been used since Rudy Van Gelder cut the 78 lacquers all those years ago. For recordings that were cut in mono over fifty years ago the sound is so open and clear that it's incredible. This one comes highly recommended. Not only a major highlight in Miles Davis' career, but for jazz music too.
1878424319|5.0|Don't Take It Personal, All Ways do Your Best, Don't Make Assumptions, Be Impeccable!  What simple standards for us to embrace, what an on-target world we can be.  The book is simple, a reminder, a bold tool that is a restatement of Ephesians 6:10-17. A GREAT, TRUTHFUL, SIMPLE BOOK!
B00003CWTI|5.0|[...]<br />Another parents-in Saturday Blockbuster night. After hustling the kids to bed my hubby and I stretched out on the overstuffed living-room furniture, prepared to zone through another hit &quot;new release&quot;. <br />Magnolia opened up at about 300 mph, rocketing scenes across the set, linking the lives of parents and children in destructive relationships, intelligent, fast-paced, and--as my hubby choked into his drink-- chock full of Masonic symbolism and secrets. <br />My hubby is a Mason. For those of you not familiar with Masonry, the Masons are a fraternal organization of men of diffent faiths who believe in a close encounter with God and who do good works and help each other out and have all sorts of secret handshakes and sayings and their own translation of the Bible. <br />Masonry is international and a very very old organization whose members have been persecuted for their secrecy, which is always suspect to people who are afraid of things that are different. They also exclude women, although they try to claim defense that their sisterhood &quot;Eastern Star&quot; was created to pacify the wives of the Masons. <br />I still think they're somewhat misogynistic (and there's a bit of that in the movie, too). <br />Of course I know very little about the details of Masonry myself (although it is said you can find out most of it from the public library), but hubby cued in that including certain lines in the movie that were things said in Masonry, the whole movie was about principles of Masonry, both in critique and in defense.  <br />From the Solomon &amp; Solomon company (which represents the temple of Solomon, and which is a big deal to Masons--the Ark of the Covenant, etc.) and a character stealing from &quot;Solomon&quot; only to return the moneys in order to get God's forgiveness (the only ones who can be forgiven are the children who are cursed by the sins of their fathers), to the plague of frogs, plus Biblical chapter references, Guinevere whotakes down Tom Cruise's character just like she betrayed Arthur, and the fact that the Magnolia lodge is a Masonic lodge in the San Fernando valley... This movie is one giant Masonic riddle. <br />This intrigued hubby so much, he went out on the Internet to see who else has made note or asked questions about the Masonic link, and hardly anyone even noticed (or maybe they just shut their mouths about it). I guess that's the big joke of the writer/producer. They have been deliberately evasive. <br />Of course most of the deeper meaning of the story would only make sense to a Mason (since apparently there are tons of secret Masonic references that only a Mason would know), but the story is told in layers so that the rest of us common folks could at least work up our intellect to try to figure out a little of WHAT was going on at least in the general plot and WHAT made those characters so wierd and damned interesting.
0571179924|4.0|I had read Wiseguys by the same author a few years ago and loved the book. Casino left a little to be desired. The book is hard to follow because it basically just a collection of facts and personal narrations from involved characters. It was fascinating to see different scams casino-workers have used in the past, and also to see how much influence the mob has in Las Vegas as a whole. My advice is read this first, then Wiseguy and you won't be dissapointed.
0553106635|5.0|The best praise I can give a story would be when I have the great urge to tear my hair over the knowledge that I must now wait at least a year to find out what happens to all these, fine, wonderful, &amp; wicked people. Yes, people. When you've invested almost 3000 pages in a story (and you're only half way there), the characters are no longer _just_ characters, or plot devices. And Mr. Martin is very good at giving his readers people to care about, and cry about. Oh, and be careful about attachments to these folks, because you will cry, but it's still worth it. The plots are diverse, the twists wonderful, and I can't wait to get my hands on book four (oh please hurry, Mr. Martin!)
6305013578|5.0|the film a cinematic classic is clearly too damaged to be re-stored by even the criterion collection as they would have done so by now and replaced one of their less fantastic films with this piece of film which probably would fit in as one of the 10 greatest films of the previous century and is fritz langs gretest film surpassing M and is without doubt the finest scence fiction film to date
0790751305|4.0|In the movie, a prostitute gets her face cut up for giggling about the size of one guy's um, manhood. The sheriff, Little Bill (Gene Hackman) decided that the two men responsible for the crime should pay the brothel's owner a couple of horses since the prostitute won't be able to work anymore with a cut up face. The other prostitutes are upset that the men are not punished more severely. One of the prostitutes, Alice gets the other girls to put their money together as a reward for whoever kills the two. The &quot;Schofield Kid&quot; (Jaimz Woolvett) gets William Munny (Clint Eastwood) interested in killing them for the money. William had been a ruthless killer back in the day but since getting married and giving up whisky, he became a gentle pig farmer. He does not want to go at first but he has two children and he is poor. He knows he can use the money to provide for his children. He leaves his two very young children home alone in their cabin and then gets Ned Logan (Morgan Freeman) to go with him. English Bob (Richard Harris) along with his biographer W. W. Beauchamp (Saul Rubinek) also want the reward.  Gene Hackman gives a great performance in it. He won a Best Supporting Actor Oscar for this film. There is a good funny scene where Bill insults English Bob by mispronouncing the title of the book about him by calling it the 'The Duck of Death&quot; instead of the &quot;Duke of Death&quot; and tells Beauchamp the 'true' version of one of the stories in the book about English Bob.  It was also very nicely shot. If you like Westerns, you'd probably like this one.
B00004TJTS|5.0|My sister and I watched this movie last night (Wed 21st March 2001) and were reduced to blubbering fools by the time it ended.  We had our little 2 yr old Jack Russell terrier beside us in his doggy bed.  Archie our dog is the spitting image of Skip in the movie. Mind you he slept thru the whole film and was woken at the end when we were both crying our hearts out. What a great film and what a superb cast...... Even if u are not an animal lover you should see this film and being based on a true story is even more reason. How unconditional is the love of a Jack Russell terrier!!! They are truly loving and devoted. After seeing this DVD I had a dream of telling my workmates about it and crying as I told them, thats the impact it had on me..... A must see for all ages....
0684874350|5.0|This book has every thing you want in a book.It can make you laugh and some parts make you want to cry.If this book does not move you nothing well.This book covers Franks life in New york to Limerick,Ireland back to New York.I would recomend this book to anyone.
B00003CX8J|2.0|To be brash and shortwinded in a review i shall say it screamed to have a sequel made of it no-one dies nothing major happens, the arch enemy is in an escapable situation and generally it could just be a long episode of the animated series. Now to take a look at how some trilogy films had great endings lets think of a few ... hmm the matrix with its other scripts already around i hear they shall be excellent and that had a brilliant ending did it not it allowed for sequel yet had a very major event in it. alien had a resonalbe ending although the next 2 films were feeble in comparision but that is not fault of the original.   this film did have an excuse it could not change too much as then it would be too unlike the series and comic but where are the expendible charachters who they chose to edit, the film however has good special effects and would probably please a fan of it but possibly not the more discerning viewer
B00003CXE7|5.0|Maybe. THis movie was a lot better then stupid crap like &quot; ERin Brokovich&quot; for sure.... This movie is great. Most of the time i cant deal with these historical epics cause most s***to be frank. There are exceptions i.e. Braveheart, Last of the MOhicans etc. and this movie. Ridley SCott did a brilliant job with this one. He is a genius. The visuals were great. But what propels the movie above other epics is Russell Crowe. He is amazing and keeps your attention. He is one bad mofo!! He will hopefully always be a big star. He deserves to be because of his raw talent. If u like him in this movie check out &quot;LA CONFIDENTIAL&quot; and &quot;ROMPER STOMPER&quot;. Jaquien Pheonix also did a nice job here as the emperor. And by the way, the action scenes were amazing! They will blow u away. THE DVD IS GREAT!!
6304711875|4.0|Watching &quot;Scream&quot; is like taking a trip the movie store and browsing the horror section, recalling all those old memories of horror film stories that were truly inspired. It contains all the classic elements of a horror thriller, and here's a new twist: it plays all of the tired horror clich&eacute;s to its advantage, giving it a new and fresh feel that makes it innovative and intense. Featuring an all-star cast, &quot;Scream&quot; is one clever and intense suspense ride that is crowd-pleasing and fun.<br />All the suspense and terror begins with the murder of two high school students in the small town of Woodsboro. The victims' gruesome deaths touches a chord with Sidney Prescott, also a high school student, whose mother was killed a year ago in a quite similar manner. Soon, she begins receiving phone calls as well as visits from a person dressed up in a black cape and ghost mask, with a voice distorter to hide their true identity over the phone. The movie plays frequently on Sidney's emotional instability in certain moments, but through it all, she remains a strong character that we have no problem rooting for when the good gets going.<br />As the bodies pile up, the police start asking questions. The school turns into a secondary police station as students are put through questioning, while outside, reporters are crawling like ants on a sandwich to get the scoop on the latest news. One such reporter is Gale Weathers, whose book on the murder of Sidney's mother has sparked her aspirations into high gear. Her confrontations with Sidney give us the real spark of the suspense: Sidney's accusations against the man that she thinks killed her mother were the reasons for Gale's book, and while she would like to disbelieve, there is no turning her back on the fact that the killer may still be on the loose.<br />The movie never really has a point at which it decides to pick itself up and move faster; from the beginning it keeps us involved immensely, giving us many thrills, jumps and chills. The screenplay, written by Kevin Williamson, is one of the fresher horror scripts to come out in a long time, and under the direction of horror master Wes Craven, the film has nowhere to go but up. The movie has a lot of surprises, and while it's not one of those nightmare-inducing type scary movies, it scares us by making us jump as well as peaking our interest as to what the plot is going to do next.<br />This is what makes it so clever: it never gives away any of its secrets until such time as it is necessary. All the fingers point to at least two different suspects at each moment of the movie, proving and disproving theories and accusations as to whether or not the presently accused is really the killer. Even the characters themselves point fingers to their own guilt. In the end, when all the secrets are revealed, will you find yourself gasping in awe at who the killer actually turns out to be.<br />The movie also is unique in the way that it plays on all of the past horror film clich&eacute;s through its dialogue and following twists. Even one of the characters, the film store worker, Randy, stands up during a party to deliver a speech on the rules of surviving a horror movie. His education in the horror genre serves for a lot of insightful dialogue into horror movies of the past, and the movie uses this to its advantage by having its characters act in the ways he warns them against. The movie's message is simply one of &quot;Don't say that people running up the stairs is silly, because what would you do?&quot;<br />The all-star cast is full of bright faces (when they're not smeared with blood) that know the material and know how to play it out. Neve Campbell plays the terrified Sidney Prescott, in one of the better roles of damsel-in-distress to come out of a movie like this. Campbell brings out the fact that underneath her fear and pain, she has a strong side that refuses to give up, which grows with the movie. Courteney Cox plays the self-involved Gale Weathers, who perseveres in getting her story just as Cox does in bringing this attitude to life. David Arquette is Deputy Dewey, the silly, out-of-sorts cop who has a very big soft spot where his badge should be. When it comes time to get serious, though, he does a good job of it. The rest of the cast includes such talent as Skeet Ulrich, Drew Barrymore, Matthew Lillard and Rose McGowan, all of whom bring sass and originality to the movie.<br />Filled with stunning surprises and intense moments unlike anything you've experienced before, &quot;Scream&quot; is a rocket ride into suspense, dazzling us with an original and refreshing story that plays on all its characters and twists while making the movie hip, fresh and entertaining.elf-involved Gale Weathers, who perseveres in getting her story just as Cox does in bringing this attitude to life. David Arquette is Deputy Dewey, the silly, out-of-sorts cop who has a very big soft spot where his badge should be. When it comes time to get serious, though, he does a good job of it. The rest of the cast includes such talent as Skeet Ulrich, Drew Barrymore, Matthew Lillard and Rose McGowan, all of whom bring sass and originality to the movie. <br />Filled with stunning surprises and intense moments unlike anything you've experienced before, &quot;Scream&quot; is a rocket ride into suspense, dazzling us with an original and refreshing story that plays on all its characters and twists while making the movie hip, fresh and entertaining.
B000051VWW|4.0|I have heard and own previous Sade albums and while I agree that they were better, I do not think that Lover's Rock is a bad album. In fact, I was quite pleased with Sade's latest effort. She did not use any gimmicks to appeal to a wider audience. She stuck to her original formula.On the tracks By Your Side, King Or Sorrow(my personal favorite), Every Word, Slave Song and Lover's Rock, Sade proves that she is still worth checking for. If you are a TRUE Sade fan, you will enjoy this album.
B000056K04|3.0|I was really excited to buy this album when I heard how good it was supposed to be and how Dave thought it was their best work,then I listened to it and became much less excited. I've listened to their other cd's hundreds of times but I don't think I will with this one ,there are a couple of good songs but the rest are unrememberable. I hope DMB go back to their old way of producing and back to their old sound.
B00000K19E|5.0|When i saw this in theaters i was blown away. this is one of the most inovative movies of any genre to come out in years. The Wachoskis are a talent to keep an eye on, they do a great job directing this masterpiece. The story contains many allusions to Jesus and Buddha and all that which is cool. In addition i liked the whole &quot;what is reality&quot; type theme. If u know anything about Eastern religion u know where they got that whole idea. As for Keanu, this is the role he was born to play for chris sake!! He does not have to talk and he looks good while kicking and shooting all the bad guys. The action is  obviosly Hong Kong borrowed. IN intereviews the Wachoskies say they look Jet LI and John WOo movies, and when u watch the lobby shootout and the martial arts it shows. By the way, the action scenes, especially a jaw-dropping lobby shootout, are visually stunning!! This movie is brilliant and can be watched thousands of times. THE VE IS AMAZING!!
0783230621|4.0|Action, suspense, and intensity abide in the effects-driven disaster film &quot;Dante's Peak,&quot; a movie that will leave you awestruck and numb. I was completely enamored by almost everything the movie had to offer, even if some of the scientific information was a bit far-fetched to make room for the plot's twists and turns. Actors bring life and a human factor to the movie, but the real action lies with the astounding special effects used to bring a volcanic eruption to vivid and detailed life. <br />When seismic readings and graphs point to some geologic activity going on around the small town of Dante's Peak, the United States Geological Survey sends volcanologist Harry Dalton to investigate the possibilities. His arrival brings a silent tension on the town, which becomes voiced when he, along with Mayor Rachel Wando, come across two badly scorched bodies in the local hot springs. Dalton believes that the volcano may be &quot;waking up&quot; from a dormant period, but his boss shows up to calm his theories and instill calm back into the town council. Of course, the movie points in all directions to the impending eruption, in subtle ways that the characters have no interaction with. <br />From here, the group of scientists begin taking samples, surveying the landscape as well as taking helicopter trips into the volcano to determine if the recorded activity is of any consequence for worry. Meanwhile, Harry and Rachel get close, and their delicate relationship is put in the balance when the warning signs become more fervent, forcing them to call an evacuation of the entire town. But it comes too late, and soon everyone is fleeing for their lives as the mountainous volcano begins to spew hellfire and ash into the air, destroying the landscape and casusing massive destruction that stands in the way of Harry and Rachel's escape. <br />&quot;Dante's Peak&quot; follows a very well-known pattern for the duration of its plot: a situation that has implications of disaster is presented, one person knows what it going to happen but no one listens, and then all hell breaks loose. This movie carries off this particular structure quite well: it starts out slow and then speeds up to full speed, never slowing down and heightening the suspense given us by the incredible action sequences, smart dialogue and intense and vivid special effects that are the showcase of the movie. I found myself cheering it on in places, becoming completely enamored with what was going on, and satisfied with the final outcome of the movie. <br />The special effects for this movie are stupendous, and add a lot to the atmosphere the movie portrays. From the moment the mountain begins erupting, the effects give us the feel that everything is larger that life, from the volcano itself to the large, expansive cloud of ash that spreads across the sky and keeps the sun from penetrating. The nice thing about this film is that most of the effects are done with miniatures, giving it a mucher richer look than if it were only done with computerized effects. The sound is incredible, bass-heavy and prominent in wrapping us up in the action. All of these elements at work put us right in the middle of the film, bringing us into the experience as we hold our breath for the next new twist. <br />The scientific aspect for this movie is, for the most part, authentic, and while there are certain liberties taken, it is evident that the filmmakers wished for it to be as true to life as possible. Dalton throws out a lot of technical terms and phrases, making the sincere and believable. Allusions to eruptions and catastrophes of the past give the movie a sense of foreshadowed doom, while also keeping the suspense building. The overall effect this portion of the plot will have on you is overall intellectually backed up by facts and data, which keeps the movie real to life while keeping it moving. <br />The two main leads for the film are excellent in their roles, adding a lot to the experience. Pierce Brosnan is the ideal Harry Dalton: rough, rugged, and totally charming. He has the image of a loner who is looking for the right person. He also has a starkly emotional human side to his personality, as is shown in the beginning sequence when he loses his fiancee in a volcanic disaster. Linda Hamilton, playing Rachel, has a complex role of leader, damsel and mother. She does all three of them at different points, and her ability to combine her performance into all of them makes her performance the best of the film. <br />&quot;Dante's Peak&quot; is the kind of movie you watch with eagerness for the next scene, and then when it's over, all you want is more. The action comes to a screeching halt, and you've been throttled with so much of it already that to have it stop is murder. The movie is one that shakes the senses, and makes us believe in movies that have romance, suspense, intense action and rousing suspense.
B00004XONN|5.0|Radiohead escape the enviable task of besting their 1997 masterpiece 'OK Computer' by throwing out almost all rock conventions and constructing a sonic ice castle, bleep by bleep. 'Everything In Its Right Place' finds lead singer Thom Yorke sending his voice out among the bassy throb of an electric piano and finding that his echo is the only thing that returns. The title track, perhaps the album's most inaccessible (and ironically, the most delicate) song, slowly comes to life through its heartbeat drum loop. 'The National Anthem' starts with Colin Greenwood's oh-so-fonk-eh bass loop as the water, adds some heat via Phil Selway's slick drumming, and finally boils over with some free-jazz horns that squawk together to give reason for Yorke's confused howl- 'what's going on?!?'.  Every song on this album warrants its own close study, whether it be Eno-esque wax and wane of keyboard whoops on 'treefingers' or the just-short-of-clubland banger 'Idioteque'.  Popular music has lately become swamped with bands awkwardly trying to embrace electric music and incorporate it into their own styles. Kid A proves that Radiohead once again are at the top of the heap. They speak the languages of music and expression so fluently that they make themselves understood regardless of the vessel.
B000002KCC|5.0|neil young to me, is what punk rock is all about. doing things your own way, with no rules.this album is as raw as it gets.its dark, harsh, sad and uncompromising.my favorite bands are black flag, nirvana, rancid and alot of other punk/hardcore stuff as well as underground and mainstream stuff.neil young is right up there.&quot;borrowed tune&quot; is amazing, as well as the title track and &quot;mellow my mind&quot; and &quot;tired eyes&quot; just to name a few.this album is best listened to while alone in the dark, with headphones on.not a party album or a feel good listen, but a real, genuine slab of angst.
B000056K04|5.0|Being a huge DMB fan, I went and got this CD the day it came out and listened to it over and over.  I don't see how true DMB fans can criticize this album b/c although it doesn't contain the long jam sessions, the band seems to be heading in the direction of their blues and jazz backgrounds.  It is true that the distinctiveness of the individual instruments is hard to detect, but the sound they produce as a whole unit is amazing on this CD! And after listening to this CD, I can't wait to see DMB live again!!!
0694013013|5.0|I bought this for my daughter a couple of months ago and it quickly became one of her favorites! She loves to have us read this and eagerly mimics the motions of each animal. I think it was a fun way to teach her about different parts of the body.
B000002NCW|5.0|I HAVE BEEN COLLECTING MIKE'S ALBUMS SINCE TUBULAR BELL2 AND THIS ALBUM GETS PLAYED A LOT ON MY CD PLAYER, THIS IS A BRILLIANT ALBUM, TRACKS LIKE: WOMEN OF IRELAND, FLOWERS OF THE FOREST, VOYAGER &amp; SHE MOVED THROUGH THE FAIR ARE TOTALLY OUTSTANDING.<br />MIKE OLDFIELD IS UNDER-RATED AND SHOULD GET MORE RECOGNITION.
B00004YA66|4.0|I'll admit, when I first read reviews of 'Frequency' it didn't appeal at all, as always with the sci-fi genre, I dismissed it as a boring, plotless movie. However when faced with a 9 hour flight and an absolutely dire selection of movies I chose to watch this and discovered it was a lot deeper than your average sci-fi. First of all, it had a story, and a good one at that. Second of all I found it completely gripping and I was so tense. You find yourself willing Dennis Quaid, who plays the father, to survive the fire, and your heart plummets when you discover that other members of the family are in danger and pass through various other crises and have to be helped via a ham radio connection to the future, which is in fact the present day. Confused? Don't worry, I don't blame you, but I promise that when you watch this DVD all will become crystal clear because despite its seemingly compilcated storyline the movie is very easy to follow. I think that the aspect of this movie that differentiates it from normal sci-fi is the fact that entwined in, and, inextricably linked to the somewhat spooky story is a development of a father-son relationship, in some respects similar to 'Field of Dreams'. It is this which makes the movie what it is for sure. Although there is immense tension, at times bordering on fear, 'Frequency' has the substance that many films of this genre lack. Therein lies the success. If you don't get what I mean from this review, which, judging by what I've written is highly likely, don't worry, as you will probably understand me once you have seen this DVD, so get watching!
B000000WFU|1.0|I order this CD without listining to the samples (my bigest mistake)I thought that all the good reviews and direct comparison with groups like Enigma and Deep Forest are enough for me, Unfortunately this is not the case with this CD, I dont know if I miss something or what but all I can hear is a women's crying at a unbearable pitch,..and she's not even good at that too.funny they call it chants!!. I dont know why people call it world music, this is no world music, and as a mater of fact not african at all, its very very english. Bottom line if Enigma, Deep forest or B Tribe is your fovourites then dont,..dont ,...Buy this CD.Just a waste of ur time 'n ur precious Money.
158234082X|4.0|I enjoyed this book, especially as a break from some more serious reading I've been doing. It is amusing and really gives an interesting peek into the kitchens of any restaurant that you might visit. I'll never again take for granted the ability of a restaurant to make everything come out on time, hot, and wonderfully prepared! Contrary to other reviewers, I didn't mind that this book wandered all over the place. After all, it is not a biography of Alexander the Great! Two things I did object to. My copy had an unacceptable number of misprints in it. Whatever happened to proof-readers? (Like we don't know.) Also, I found the constant inclusion of crude and foul language to be, well, highly forced and almost adolescent. I mean - we get it! Enough already! Overall though, I liked this book. Read it with the Zagats restaurant guide close at hand!
0767803434|4.0|To me the best thing about this film is the fact that the American point of view is not the only one given voice.  There was much truth to what Gary Oldman's character says to the President about american involvement abroad.  And as such, for one of the first times, an american film is not so pro american.  Bravo!<br />Now to detract.  If our secret service is as inept as they were portrayed in this film I feel sorry for the President.  And I have to say that at times certain scenes came off incredibly staged and unrealistic.  And some scenes just seemed very inplausible.<br />All that said I have to say that the film is very entertaining.  I just wouldn't rate Air Force One as a purchase.
B00004T8RK|4.0|Pearl Jam's days of dominating MTV and Top 40 airwaves appear to be over, and the band apparently could care less.  Many people, as well as reviewers, now refer to them as an act that simply can't cut it anymore.  One reviewer went so far as to call the band &quot;lazy&quot; and &quot;washed up&quot;.  I could not disagree more with these statements.  What Pearl Jam has done, as a band, is commendable and very deserving of praise.  Instead of trying to keep their faces on TRL and kick it with Carson Daley, The band has opted to avoid the 14 year old crowd and watch their music mature with their character.  It is true that this album, &quot;Binaural&quot;, is nothing like the 1992 smash &quot;Ten&quot;, yet a careful listen or two, will reveal that the two records were not intended to resemble each other.  The album is designed to appeal to long time fans who have been with the band from the start.  recreating &quot;Ten&quot; would musically lower the band to the level of countless acts who have shamelessly copied their style.  Speaking of the new album, &quot;Binaural&quot; is a beautiful addition to the Pearl Jam Catalogue.  It shows the band has matured even more since 1998's &quot;Yield&quot;.  The Album has a wonderful flow.  It really seems to fit together very well, and functions more as an album, rather than just a collection of songs.<br />The album's first two tracks: &quot;Breakerfall&quot; and &quot;God's Dice&quot; show the band returning to its punk roots.  They are decent tracks, perfect for opening the album on the right foot.<br />&quot;Evacuation&quot; comes next.  This song is excellent.  It is co-written by the band's new drummer, ex-Soundgarden member, Matt Cameron.  It is a tribute to the gods of rock &amp; roll.  It Progresses beautifully.  Well done boys.<br />&quot;Light Years&quot; is a mid-tempo track featuring good lyrics and solid song structure.  &quot;We were but stones.  Your light made us stars.&quot;<br />&quot;Nothing As It Seems&quot;, arguably one of Pearl Jam's strongest recordings to date, has a daunting mysterious quality about it.  Its sludgy guitars and vague lyrics make it sound like something written in the Mississippi Delta.  Haunting<br />&quot;Thin Air&quot; is a folksy sounding love song.<br />&quot;Insignificance&quot; is somewhat self-descriptive.  The album really could have done fine without this track.  It sounds more like filler than any of the other songs featured here.  It does however, have a decent riff serves as a b-side to &quot;Nothing As It Seems&quot;.  It is hardly unlistenable, just not very significant.<br />&quot;Grievance and Rival&quot; are two more swaggering, heavy tunes.  They definatley help to define the album as a solid rock record.<br />&quot;Of The Girl&quot;  features sort of an Indian vibe.  It is pretty well done, and worth listening to.  It reminds me of some old Led Zeppelin tunes that seemed to be tapping this same sort of energy<br />&quot;Sleight of Hand&quot; is a dreamy sounding song with a contrasting  anthematic chorus.<br />&quot;Soon Forget&quot;, is a very simple song, just Eddie and his Yukalele, yet it is strangely effective.  It conveys a good message.<br />&quot;Parting Ways&quot; is to be compared with the greatest of closing tracks.  It tells a powerful story over building music.  It closes the album on a solid, hopeful note.<br />Trent Reznor has said that &quot;if music does not evolve, it is pointless.&quot;  Pearl Jam apparenly agrees with him.  They continue to produce music worthy of themselves and their fans.  The albums continue to progress with thought provoking, lyrically challenging songs.  Through the years they have maintained a level of respect for their profession that will live on long after we are dead and buried.
B00000G3PA|5.0|The film is just flat out entertaining.  Forget about the fact that there's no way that the scenario would be played out as it is in the film but who cares.  These guys are hilarious and the biggest bunch of misfits that could possibly be requested to save all of mankind.<br />The action is intense, the drama (at times) palpable, the laughter uproarious, and the sentiment heartfelt.  Eminently watchable.
0064471837|5.0|I thought this book was incredible; I ripped through it in three days (hey, that's around school and school work). It's 500 pages are nothing compared to amount in the Sword of Truth series (700 pages averege), though =).<br />I'm not sure how to describe the book; for I am not an expert book reviewer; but I would say that anyone who likes the Lord of the Rings series will love this (any fantasy lover really)
006092988X|5.0|I was pleasantly surprised.  I was expecting a sweet tale about a young girl growing up in Brooklyn, and yes, on the surface, that is what you could say this tale is about.  But even moreso, I found this book to be a good, entertaining read, and it has an edge to it.  This story is surprisingly unsentimental, and surprisingly enought, it's extremely frank in its depiction of adultery, sexuality, and alcoholism.  This is not to say that it's explicit, but the lack of moral judgements make this a refreshingly non-biased look at the girls childhood, and we see things through HER eyes, and not the author's.  This novel is very entertaining, and shows a city in the midst of change, with the influx of immigrants and faces that was slowly changing the face of  early 20th century america.  This is a fun, entertaining and moving book, and one you shouldn't miss. I didn't read it until I was 28, and now wish I had read it many years earlier.
B00004Z459|5.0|Hybrid Theory was a great album, with original lyrics. I love the guitar parts, and the songs are better than Limp bizkit and Korn, plus they aren't constantly swearing in every line. <br />They are a really great band, I would recommend them to anyone.  The only thing is that they don't have a bass player, so turn the bass on your stereo all the way up!
B00003CXMG|5.0|Buy it.  I dare you to avoid falling hard for Kate Hudson in this moviee
0441172717|5.0|As is usually the case with me, the library didn't have Dune so I had to read Dune Messiah instead, then I read God Emperor of Dune, THEN I read Dune. When I went to the used bookstore this is what the lady at the cash register said, &quot;Go ahead and take it, it is very important that you read this book.&quot; I'll always remember those words. Dune was far more detailed and wonderful than the previous two books in the series that I had read. Characters that remind you of old friends, great dialogue, a storyline that is truly original and amazing. One parallel that I think many people overlook is that Dune is basically a Science Fiction version of Lawrence of Arabia. A foreigner goes to the desert and wins the hearts of the natives, becoming their leader and takes them to fight against tyranny. I've heard that Lawrence would subject himself to pain so that he would be able to endure it better. Does this remind you of the scene in the beginning when Paul places his hand in the box of pain? There is some really memorable dialogue. In the beginning of the book Thufir Hawat tells Paul how he shouldn't have his back to a door, since he might be assassinated. Hundreds of pages later, Paul meet Thufir and, thinking he's matured, says to Thufir, &quot;as you can see, my back is towards no door.&quot; Thufir brilliantly counters with: &quot;The universe is full of doors.&quot; There are some people who say that this is the worst SF novel ever written. Apparently they are looking too hard at the consistency and sentence-structure and not appreciating this book for its entertainment value. I've read it TWICE so far and I'll definitely read it some more. You might want to note that many fantasy authors use this book as a basis for their works. Robert Jordan and Terry Goodkind come to mind. Fremen = Aiel, Confessors and Aes Sedai = Bene Gesserit. Also, the word &quot;shai'tan&quot; can be found in this book, which is a word that is used by Robert Jordan and Thomas Harris, the guy who wrote Hannibal.
B000006045|5.0|Continuing in their glorious tradition as always, the subtle sensuous melodies of the likes of Black Milk and Group Four entrance the mind while at the same time putting it in a state of bliss.  Others like Inertia creeps creates the theme music for cruising late at night towards a frantic destination.  I highly recommend this piece of musical delight.
B000002ADT|5.0|Last summer I dated this incredible beautiful French girl who was visiting Warsaw (I still miss you, Julie!). On her walkman she had this music I knew nothing about (Im 22 but growing). I borrowed the tape from her, never returned it and one day my grandfather hearing what I was listening to said: &quot;thats sacred music, you know that?&quot;. And then he told me about Poland in the late 50s, early 60s when the music of mr. Miles Davis and his band members were all around the university. I agree with him. This is outstanding music. And I can only hope that Julie will forgive me for keeping this tape.
0385486804|5.0|This book was recommended to me by a friend and I can't thank him enough for it! Into The Wild is a fascinating look into the soul of Christopher McCandless, a young man who shed the comforts of everyday American life to live of the land. Following his idols Thoreau and Jack London, McCandless set out on the adventure of a lifetime. As the cover reads, &quot;In April 1992 a young man from a well-to-do family hitchhiked to Alaska and walked alone into the wilderness north of Mt. McKinley. His name was Christopher Johnson McCandless. He had given $25,000 in savings to charity, abandoned his car and most of his possessions, burned all the cash in his wallet, and invented a new life for himself. Four months later, his decomposed body was found by a moose hunter...&quot; That cover quote speaks some of the story but doesn't equate to the power of the story. If you are looking for a change in life, or need inspiration READ THIS BOOK. It will change your life, it certainly changed mine!
B0000020C4|5.0|What a voices!!!<br />A taylor-made roles for Michael Ball, Ruthie Henshall and Lea Salonga.<br />Lea Salonga's &quot;On My Own&quot; is the most unforgettable version of all time. Francese Ruffelle and Kaho Shimada can't get close to her voice.<br />Michael and Lea's version of &quot;A little fall of rain&quot; was breathtaking and very remarkable. There's just nobody in this generation can surpass such wonderful rendition.<br />And, Ruthie Henshall's version of &quot;I dreamed a dream&quot; was fabulous. Her rendition is far more better than Patti Luppone. She sang it with vocal strength coupled with emotion.<br />This album is simply awesome!!!! If you're looking for real singers get this CD and video too.
B00000IAU3|5.0|C'est un album fabuleux. Dido est un artiste magnifique, et chaque chanson sur cet enregistrement est merveilleuse. Mes pistes de favori hors fonction de &quot;No Angel&quot; soyez &quot;Isobel&quot; et &quot;Hunter&quot;. La voix de Dido est mlodique et belle, et son lyrique est thoughful aussi bien. Le rythme dtend et ralentit entran, juste la chose pour placer une humeur peacful. Je pense que chacun devrait avoir une copie de cet enregistrement.
B00003CXR1|2.0|Billy Elliot and Almost Famous deserve a nomination more than this movie.  Pleasantville did a much better job of exploring a story of a town coming to its senses, pun intended.  Chocolat is not as fluid and sensuous as its title subject.  Too many little stories, too disjointed.  Bad script.  It could have been magical and more romantic.  And it was the longest Lenten season ever to be seen on screen.  What a waste of a nomination.  One thing is sure, Miramax can sell anything to the Academy.
1881273156|5.0|Did you ever know in your heart that someone loved you, but you just didn't &quot;feel&quot; loved?  And then he/she would do or say something that just made you feel like a million dollars!  <br />This book has happened upon a secret of the ages.  Each of us &quot;feels&quot; love in different ways.  We intuitively &quot;give&quot; love after the same fashion we like to &quot;receive&quot; love.  Once you know each other's preferred style, you will glue them to you forever!  It's an absolute guarantee!
0394806220|5.0|This book has been one of my son's favorites since he was born.  He still loves it at two -- in fact he likes it even more now that he can make all of the noises in the book.  The sounds and rhyme in the book are enjoyable for both children and adults.  I never get tired of reading it!
B000056K04|4.0|I've been a faithful fan of DMB for a long time and love their type of music.  When this CD came out, I heard a lot of flack about how they were &quot;selling out&quot; on their music and how it had changed to mainstream.  When I first listened to the CD, I agreed.  But after listening to it several times, I have to disagree.  They haven't &quot;sold out&quot;...they have just changed their style.  I enjoy almost every track.  While it's true that the band has changed its style to more upbeat and &quot;mainstream,&quot; it's still a great CD that will keep you listening the whole way through.  I give it 4 stars for being a great CD, but I can't give it 5 stars because it is not true to the great DMB style.
0553269631|4.0|Carson McCullers' book tends to get mired in somewhat repetitive descriptions of desolation and solitude at times.  She imbues each of the main characters with a sometimes overwhelming sadness, both from the perspective of their subjective thoughts and the impression made on the reader.  That being said, this book was beautiful.  In creating these sympathetic, marginalized characters, McCullers displays such a sensitivity for the pain that many people are made to suffer.  There is no room for writing rife with gaiety or humor when one can depict with startling clarity the utter anguish endured by people who are attuned to grandiose concepts such as art and social justice.  McCullers was fully aware of this.  So when people denigrate this book for being &quot;too depressing&quot;, I feel as though they've missed a powerful truth McCullers was trying to convey: that unbearable sadness is often times inextricably linked to great beauty.
B00000JCOV|1.0|Now, I listen to just about any kind of music, but i refuse to listen to any band that has 10 members and still sounds like crap. There is nothing in this CD but screaming and cacouphinous melodies (if u can even call them melodies). Thank god I only borrowed the CD from a friend and didn't waste my money on this pile udder nonsense.
B000002BHE|5.0|This is my favourite Celine album as it is not too overpowering.  This album contains the massive hit singles (which all Celines turn out to be)  It's All Coming Back To Me Now, Because You Loved Me, Falling Into You, All By Myself(my favourite) and Call The Man.  Celine has a top voice which she has managed to perfect on this album, which i think is going to be hard to top.  After several years of ownership I still listen to it now
B000002GYR|5.0|I've been a fan of this record for about a quarter of a century. It is the definitive late night listen. Mr. Waits is an extraordinary writer. You can't hear this work and not be affected. BUY IT!
B000001OAA|4.0|Im never happy when it rains but im happy when i put this album on.  There self-titled album is so catchy and different to other albums that i own that i can't stop listening to it.  Milk has got to be the best track on the album in my opinion, but there are other good songs like, Queer, Only Happy When It Rains, Supervixen and Stupid Girl.  Shirley has a haunting voice that does every track on this album justice
0553106635|3.0|I agree with the majority of reviewers that Martin's concept is rather refreshing in the fantasy genre.  However, I can't agree with the five-star ratings or the comparison to Tolkien, because I'm less than impressed with his writing.  A good book should make you care about individual characters, not just the circumstances or the events surrounding them.  <br />My engagement level with the characters rapidly dwindled with each page - all three books, not just 'A Storm of Swords', and it was a torture to read through nearly 1,000 pages filled with crudity, unlovable characters, incest, and mindless violence and butchery. <br />Many reviewers seem to think this more accurately reflects the real world, but, to my knowledge, the human history has had its share of heroism, courage, and virtue as well as depravity and violence.  Martin seems intent on focusing on the latter and ignore the former.  There are reasons why people like styles of Eddings and Tolkiens.
B000002BBY|5.0|After several years and a couple of albums later, this album still remains the best out of the lot.  Every track on Whats The Story Morning was worthy of single release.  There are ace tunes like Shes Electric, Wonderwall, and Some Might Say, to tracks like Roll With It and Cast No Shadow.  This album is still outselling all of their other albums, and i can understand why, its a masterpiece and its going to be hard to beat
B000056K04|2.0|After three totally amazing studio records and several rockin' live records Dave has crashed back to the land of the mediocre.  If you are a fan of DMB you are going to be disappointed.  This record does not sound anything like his previous sets. &quot;I Did It&quot; sounds more like Stone Temple Pilots than anything from DMB. There are precious few sax and violin licks and Dave has put away his acoustic guitar for an electric. The intricate musical qualities such as rhythm changes, syncopation and outstanding instrumentals are gone! Worst of all, their new producer (Ballard) has substituted &quot;grungy&quot; keyboards that aren't very good. Bands often change their style during their careers but in this case DMB has lost its edge!
B000002BBY|5.0|After several years and a couple of albums later, this album still remains the best out of the lot.  Every track on Whats The Story Morning was worthy of single release.  There are ace tunes like Shes Electric, Wonderwall, and Some Might Say, to tracks like Roll With It and Cast No Shadow.  This album is still outselling all of their other albums, and i can understand why, its a masterpiece and its going to be hard to beat
0679420401|5.0|This book is a &quot;must own.&quot;<br />When you think that your own life is unfair or when you feel that you're doing more giving than taking and that the American Dream has passed you by, read this book.<br />I also recommend Bruce Springsteen's &quot;The Ghost of Tom Joad&quot; (the name of the main character) as background music while and even long after you read this ...<br />(from the CD): ...&quot;Tom said, 'Mom, wherever there's a cop beatin' a guy; Wherever a hungry newborn baby cries; Where there's a fight against the blood and hatred in the air; Look for me Mom and I'll be there ...<br />Where there's somebody fightin' for a place to stand; A decent job or a helping hand; Where there's somebody strugglin' to be free; Look in their eyes Mom ... and YOU'LL SEE ME'&quot;.
B00004XONN|1.0|After hearing the raving reviews for this &quot;breakthrough&quot; album, I decided to head over to the local music joint and pick up a copy. I popped the album into my 10-CD changer and climbed back into my car, eager to hear the phenomenal sounds everyone loved so much about Radiohead &quot;Kid A.&quot; Within an hour I had sold the CD. This CD is, without a doubt, one of the worst recordings I have ever laid ears upon: quality is nowhere to be found. I had a notion to go home, drag the pots and pans out of the cupboard and see what I could come with because if Radiohead can sell this, I can certainly sell something just as bad. <br />The synthesizers and warped sound of this band do not point to &quot;good music:&quot; in no way do they possess a solid sound. I have concluded that the only reason they have received the acolades for this album is because there is nothing to compare it to. The key to a good album is playability and this one has none whatsoever.
B00004RHZU|5.0|I think that Pink is a young singer that the world should keep their eyes glued to for the coming decade. She is talented, and although R&amp;b is not one of my better genres I still love her. I think she puts out songs that are catchy and fun and appeal to today's urban AND pop scene, but her songs also have substance, thought and meaning. So, whereas most contemporary R&amp;b artists like Destiny's child or Usher will only put out hits for a few years, Pink's music will stand the test of time. She actually HAS something to talk about, not asking a man to &quot;pay her bills&quot; or asking somebody to &quot;sex her up.&quot; She's deep &amp; down to earth. She's something I tell ya. The standouts are her worldwide smash &quot;There U Go&quot;, as well as &quot;Hell With Ya&quot;, &quot;Most Girls,&quot; &quot;Love Is Such A Crazy Thing&quot;, &quot;Stop Falling&quot; and &quot;Hiccup.&quot; What are you waiting for? Get this for some great music you'll love.
B000056K04|1.0|Another band gets into the spot light, signs a big record deal and pushes out the CDs, cuase the record company's gotta make their money.<br />Shoulda known it was over with all the live albums......how much DMB do we really need?<br />PS I tried to give this no stars, but they wouldn't let me..
0451191153|5.0|Contrary to what some people might think this book is clearly NOT about facist ideas. Quite the contrary, Rand was against concepts such as facism. Rand does not anywhere that I can see in the book say that doing something that benefits society is wrong. What she does say is that it is individualism that makes a society great. She illustrates how a &quot;collective&quot; mentality only produces mediocrity. There is nothing wrong with doing something that benefits society, as long as it is not being done because society demands that you do it or in some way has rights over you as an individual. Take the housing development that Roark builds as an example. Society benefited from the project but Roark did it simply to satisfy himself and his vision. He did NOT build it to win praise or admiration from anyone. This is what Rand tries to convey in her works. All of the best things that we have in society are because an individual dared to say &quot;I can do that&quot;. Those that bash her I believe do not grasp her message or perhaps worse, fear her message.
B000056K04|2.0|If you're looking for the next batch of Dave Matthews Band songs, complete with their trademark solos and complex changes, you're not going to get it on Everyday. It takes but one listen to realize that this is not a DMB album, this is a Dave Matthews solo album. You might wonder why he didn't just go out and get it over with; hire other musicians and get the solo album off his chest. But, if you had Carter Beauford and Stefan Lessard in your band, would you want to play with anyone else?<br />Instead, Glen Ballard was brought in to polish the sound and &quot;pop&quot; them up (no pun intended). The sound is too corporate and the other band members are given itty bitty solos that go nowhere. Boyd Tinsley, it seems, has also gone electric -- as Ballard has convinced him to start playing his violin through a synthesizer. The lyrics shine on several songs (&quot;When the World Ends&quot;, &quot;The Space Between&quot;, &quot;What You Are&quot;) and falter on most (&quot;So Right&quot;, &quot;Angel&quot;, &quot;Fool to Think&quot;). &quot;Fool to Think&quot; is an especially low-point for the band; it sounds like the background music to a gay man's workout routine. <br />Matthews electric guitar playing sounds like that of a trained acoustic guitar player -- it leaves much to be desired and sounds too crusty most of the time. Meanwhile, Carter Beauford, who usually &quot;sings&quot; with his drums, is left playing nothing but simple Ringo Starr backbeats. A real waste of talent and time. Most Matthews Band fans will not be happy with this album. Me, I'm already bored with it. I expected to have it in my CD player for the next three months, but it's already been shelved after a week.<br />Better luck next time.
0375501851|5.0|Unlike some of the other reviewers here, I have only unqualified praise for this book. Some criticised the plot as wandering a bit. I completely disagree. The characters really came to life and THAT was what moved the plot along.<br />Quoting one of the reviews: &quot;I longed for something else to keep me turning the pages---like &quot;what's this story about?&quot; For me, the writing was too episodic---just a big collection of colorful characters and read more like a series of novelettes than one cohesive novel.&quot;<br />What's this story about?!?! If you can't figure that one out, stick with John Grisham. I mean, we all have our own tastes, but this simply isn't a &quot;page-turner&quot; type of novel. So it shouldn't be criticised as if it were.<br />The amazing thing, for someone so young, is Ms Smith's understanding of human nature and her grasp of the modern condition. Great stuff!
B000001DQI|5.0|This Album is plain and simply a classic.  Music can be shown to be truly great if it survives the test of time.  Classical music isn't considered great because it's &quot;classical music&quot;.  People respect it because it's still listened to after 100's of years.  At the very least, people will still remember Goodbye Yello Brick Road in the next century.
B00004R9A4|5.0|I'm a fan of Bedknobs and Broomsticks, so I was excited to learn that a DVD edition was to be published.  Now that I have seen it, I have to say that it surpassed every expectation.  The film has been beautifully remastered, with great color and sound.  Deleted scenes have been added back into the running of the film.  I was surprised at how much was cut for the version that originally went to theaters.  There are awesome special features, interviews with everyone under the sun, and a whole song cut from the film's original run.  The DVD has done what I thought impossible--made me love this film even more.  I don't care what the other reviewers say, I like this film more than Mary Poppins.  Angela Lansbury and David Tomlinson are fantastic, as are all three of the kids.  If you're a fan of Disney, Angela, David, musicals, or just cool movies, this is a fantastic buy.
078322608X|5.0|this is one of the best movie's of the 90's are first taste of Bruce Willis as an great actor and not just an action star and Brad Pit as a loony instead of a hunk. terry gilliam makes a beautiful and rich world both future and past. I was surprised and happy to see the documentary ( not in the DTS version ) that was not very will listed on the box wonderful DVD transfer go buy it now!
6302787068|5.0|This is one of my personal favorites in Disney animations!  Like the other works of the time, Aladdin is a splendid, Disney version of a well-known children's story, modified and retold to capture all audiences.  The animation is beautiful and the songs (A Whole New World is the BEST Disney song!) are just GREAT!  (I wish Jasmine had more singing parts - her voice was so pretty, but at least Lea Salonga got to sing for Mulan too!  :)   )  I liked this version of the story much better and I can't wait for Disney to redistribute this wonderful classic again!  This copy is pretty worn - like all my other Disney movies.  This is a must-see/must-have for all, even if you're not a Disney fan!  Get a hold of a copy today!!
6304595247|5.0|i was shocked to read the review of this movie by Leonard Malten in which he berated this movie calling it excruciating... i was in awe of the effort that was given to make this film true to the book. i watched trying to find a flaw in the movie and could find none... if you loved reading &quot;wuthering heights&quot; you will be just as pleased watching what peter kosminsky has done with this film. Fiennes is wonderful as heathcliff and and Binoche was flawless... WONDERFUL ADAPTION!!!
B00001QEE7|5.0|This is another one of Disney's best films!  It just cannot be matched - Little Mermaid II: Return to the Sea tried and failed -  horribly!  Disney did a wonderful job adapting this fairytale as well, the original Hans Christian Anderson story was a bit gruesome and... it had a terrible, NOT happily-ever-after ending!  This story brings you excitement, fun, and touching scenes that are unforgettable (considering that this was made in the 1980's and I have seen this movie soooooo many times!).  This movie is guaranteed satisfactory for all ages (yes, we teens like these &quot;juvenile&quot; films too!).  Just listen to the beautiful songs, look at the nice animation, and LIVE the magic!  (As corny as that sounds, there's no other way to describe the effect The Little Mermaid will have on you!  Watch it today!)
0684833395|5.0|this is probably one of the greatest literary works ever. Life is one big Catch 22 when you think about it. I have a dating theory about Catch 22's that's very nice.If u'd like to hear it email me. Oh, and if you really like this book, but are a fairly illiterate goon, find out who T.S elliot is, it will be alot more humerouse.
B00003CX8Y|5.0|This movie is fantastic!  Disney did a wonderful job retelling the story and animating it!  Here, Belle (Beauty) is the only daughter of Maurice (an inventor - not a merchant!).  Besides being beautiful and kind, Belle is smart and thoughtful.  She makes an ideal heroine and has set a standard ever since.  The plot is just so original and intriguing!  It's kinda hard to discribe though - but if you haven't seen this movie yet, do!  It is definitely the best Disney movie (and other Disney works follow closely behind)!  The cast is lively and fresh.  The songs are terrific (I love Belle's voice!  Paige O'hara did a really good job!), the drawings are gorgeous, and it's just . . . wonderful!  (Why did you think it made it to Broadway?)  I can't wait until it comes out again!  I need to replace my copy, which has been watched SO many times!
B00003CXDG|3.0|First movie was way better, this one is too much about the flashy things, like the stupid car chase where they're spinning around and then it goes into slow motion.  This movie lacks real substance, and while the opening mountain climb sequence was really cool, most of the movie drags along too slowly.  It relies heavily on the masks and voice changers instead of actual plot.  Ving Rhames does a good job with what they give him.  I would give this movie 2 stars, but the special features (like the MTV spoof with Ben Stiller) are good.
B00001NFCY|1.0|I don't like Creed at all. So it comes as no surprise that I can hardly stand this album. This whole band just appears to me as a pale imitation of Pearl Jam.<br />Where Pearl Jam's Eddie Vedder writes earnest lyrics that translate to universal experience and get the emotion's he's trying to express across flawlessly, the lyrics written by Scott Stapp of Creed just come off sounding either completely fabricated or very pretentious, like he's making an endless sales pitch for his spirituality. <br />Overall, this album just reminds me of better music I could be listening to. Don't waste your money on it.
B0000062GK|4.0|I just gave Crystal Planet another listen and I don't know why I let it collect dust since I bought it last year.  Been a Satriani fan since &quot;Surfing...&quot; and pretty much felt Surfing was the prototypical, definitive Satriani love fest.  Well... I'm enjoying  the heck out of Crystal right now and would have to say it's right up there behind Surfing,  and better than everything else (wow, do I really mean that?).  Gems are the title song, and, well actually the first half of the CD is fantastic.. (entering the 2nd half as I type this - been a while :).  One difference here is that it sounds more like a band (the drumming is fantastic) as opposed to just Joe in a studio with a drum machine.  It's a bit more upbeat than the others; fast and multi-directional.  You gotta love these new chord directions he takes us.  So... if you're a fan (or even if you're not), what can I say.. it's worth it! Surfing would have to be a &quot;5&quot; - sorry.
6305842442|1.0|Warner Bros. shouldn't have released the Director's Cut by itself. They should have released a Criterion Collection containing the Director's Cut, as well as the Original Trailer, the extra violence only seen overseas, the footage cut from the Workprint (such as the Holden in the Hospital scene, and Zhora's snake dance) and maybe a Director's Commentary since almost every other Ridley Scott DVD has one! The fact of the matter is that there are way too many extra features never before seen to produce a DVD as bare-bones as this one is. Personally i would love to see the trailer, the hospital scene, and the extra violence but unfortunately this basic DVD is all that's out there.
B00004XONN|1.0|Man, I don't know what all the hype is about this band.  I listened to this lamentable dreck and it bored me to tears.  It sounded like something to drop &quot;X' to.   Note the high sales rank - next year this terribly boring bland nonsense will fade away and everyone will thankfully forget about it.  If Liam and Noel ever get their acts together, they will easily surpass this mess.  Liam was right, Radiohead sucks.
B000059XY6|4.0|This time the Caped Crusader battles the schizo Catwoman, the Penguin and the millionaire Max Schreck (pun) who wants the Penguin elected as mayor.  Having been consigned at birth to the sewers (where he grew up) due to his deformity, the Penguin is hell-bent against society.<br />A fun, stylish, but dark and mean spirited movie that is very entertaining if you don't consider a few holes in the script. Visually compelling as expected from virtuoso Burton but definitely too grisly for the kids.
B00001PE4D|5.0|When I first saw the trailer for Cruel Intentions in theaters, I was not very impressed. It did seem rather interesting, a break from the movies I had previously seen (I hadn't seen or known about Dangerous Liaisons at that point). When I went to see Cruel Intentions, however, I was very impressed. The movie started out as rather comedic, and guiltily I found myself laughing at the wicked things the two villains did to the people around them. As I watched the movie it was a very entertaining and new experience to be looking at things from the point of view of the villains; it was almost as though they became the protagonists even though they were actually the antagonists. The acting in the movie was really what stood out, in my opinion. Ryan Phillippe was awesome playing a cunning womanizer, and he made the transition from villain to hero very well. Reese Witherspoon was also extremely talented in the role of Annette, portraying her with a strength that is much different, and much more entertaining, from the helpless virgin in Dangerous Liaisons. Sarah Michelle Gellar was particularly wonderful as Kathryn Merteuil. I was extremely surprised at how accurately and satisfactorily she went from vampire-slaying hero to life-destroying seductress. All in all, the movie was superb. I definitely recommend it.
B000002UB3|5.0|A true classic which starts off slow, but ends with a tour de force.<br />Do you ever get that uncomfortable feeling when you get embarrassed for someone?  Well, you definatly will when you listen to &quot;Maxwell's Silver Hammer&quot;.  It is a ridiculous song and a black mark on the album.  You cringe when you listen to it and at the same time hope nobody walks into the room and catches you playing it.<br />But let's not focus on the bad, because the good will soon have you forget that there is even a song about Maxwell.  Starting with &quot;Here comes the Sun&quot; and wrapping up with &quot;The End&quot; is perhaps the greatest string of rock music ever recorded.  There is only one way to listen to this:  Pull the phone out of the wall, lock the doors, turn up the volume and listen without interruption.  Any break from the string will greatly dampen your listening experience, but if listened to properly, you will be taken to a new level of music enjoyment.<br />5-stars, no question.  Buy this and you will have no regrets.    And don't let me catch you listening to this CD on shuffle.
630438551X|5.0|I consider myself to be a pretty much diehard fan of Shakespeare. (And so does my mother...)And even though I saw and looked Zephrelli's 1968 version of Romeo and Juliet, I like this one too. And for the stuffed shirts adults: I don't even like Leonardo DiCaprio, that much. I went to see this, because I love Shakespeare. And I'd hate to break it to you, but did it ever occur to you, that in Shakespeare's original play, there are NO stage directions? I've read the script one thousand times. There are no stage directions, except for so-and-so enters or leaves. So today four hundred years later, actors have to interpet what he meant. This movie does something: unlike me, my cousin and younger brother, do not like to read. They hated Shakespeare and said he was just some dead white guy. But when I showed them this movie, they loved it and changed theie minds about Shakespeare.  I have one more thing to say. In English class, reading the play, the characters were shown just like I minagined: Romeo, Julier, Lady and Lord Capulet, Lady and Lord Montague, Benvolio, Tybalt, Mercutio, Friar Lawerence, the Nurse... I thought the actors did a good job. Bad acting is being monotone and unrealistic. I thought their actions and reactions were very natural.
B00000IMTE|5.0|If you're a stranger to Blackmore and Rainbow, this would be the first album for you to get. Not only because it's their first record after Ritchie Blackmore departed from his legendary Deep Purple roots, but also because this disc provides a very wide overview of what the band was and would be about.<br />Ritchie Blackmore's Rainbow did not create a mass hysteria, neither did it bring about any shocking revelations... However, the music that this newly formed quintet offered to the rock fans was extremely tight, professional and at that time very fresh and new. The audience was slowly getting tired of blues rock, and a new set of bands stepped forward to replace the godfathers like Purple, Zeppelin and Uriah Heep... Rainbow in itself definitely became one of the leaders of this movement, which also includes Whitesnake, Judas Priest, AC/DC, etc.,<br />The album contains such classics as &quot;The Man on the Silver Mountain&quot;, which the band loved to play at concerts in different variations, also &quot;Catch the Rainbow&quot;, &quot;Temple of the king&quot;, both viewing the medieval likes of the band, especially combined with the powerful voice of Ronnie James Dio and Ritchie's skillful play. The final track, &quot;Still I'm sad&quot; is one of the instrumental favorites. Twenty plus years later Blackmore would re-record this track for his newly re-formed &quot;Rainbow&quot;. Enjoy this album, it's definitely one of the &quot;must-own&quot;s
B00000K2SD|5.0|This movie remembers me that song named &quot;Bohemian rhapsody&quot;. It seems that the guys who wrote this GREAT movie heard that song a lot. Impressive visual FX. A story that if you fall asleep or doesn't pay atention to it you get lost in the knots of it.<br />But, alas, nobody is perfect. The girl that plays the role of &quot;trinity&quot; is somewhat bad. She needs to loosen up her talent.<br />Wanna see an awesome collection of good FX and a great story? Buy this.
B00004TH6O|5.0|QOTSA are great.  anyone who likes raw, ripped out music, go buy this album.  it's relatively cheap, and it is worth twice as much as i paid for it.  the album is listenable the whole way through.  kyuss was great, but in a different kind of way than QOTSA.  i own all the kyuss albums and all the QOTSA plus a few singles, leve rarities, and imports out the wazoo for both.  all my friends wanna borrow the &quot;R&quot; album and then start getting into more stuff like that.   the rest of you people need to stop comparing this album to the first QOTSA album.  of course the album is different!  that's the group progressing!  it's may not be your taste, but hey, i hate n'sync.  so deal with it.   part of josh homme and nick oliveri's goal is not to neccesarily attravt listeners, but to make music they wanna make.  that's another reason this album's so great.  no one is supposed to be pleased by it.  it people like it, great.   i think that one guy in another review was right.  this is a great album to listen straight through.  relax, turn it up, and go for a spaced out little powertrip of your own.   and these guys, along with stone temple pilots, and a few others who make grunge, rock, and a little bit of everything that doesn't suck into an album, just may save rock and roll.  if only they would get more radio play.  them and monster magnet and the like.  stoner rock is the next big wave.  screw pop and alternative-dance. now if only zepplin, aerosmith, and the like came back...then we would have great new bands AND great old bands, both making great new music.  how great would that be?<br />*note:  this is not to say i don't like other music.  anyone who knows me would laugh at you if you thought that.  all music serves some value to someone out there.  i don't care if you do or don't like the queens, et al.  that's you.  i'm just telling you to go get the album.
B00004XQ83|5.0|I've never liked country. But this isn't country, rather it's like an alternate universe of what country once was and could have been. The result is a soundtrack that is more memorable than the (quite good) movie. I had &quot;Man of Constant Sorrow&quot; stuck in my head weeks before the movie came out, due to those previews which sort of misrepresent the spirit of the movie as a comedy. Anyway like most everybody else I headed straight for the music store after I left the movie theater. Each song is amazing, and calls for superlatives - humble, earthy, real. The style is a blend of gospel, blues, and folk that is really more the precursor to rock than to country. Of course this is where country and rock part ways, and it's depressing to compare this music to the cheesy pop country sounds on the radio today and hear what might have been. &quot;O Death&quot; is amazingly chilling and real- you can see a man pleading for his life with the Grim Reaper.  &quot;I'll Fly Away&quot; is the most cheery and beautiful song about dying. &quot;Man of Constant Sorrows&quot; is well represented here with about 4 different takes, but I'm not complanining. &quot;Don't Leave Nothing But The Baby&quot; is Reason #2 why I bought this album, it's simply enthralling. &quot;Down To The River To Pray&quot; is also a standout. All in all every song will remind you of the truth and humility that real music is about, not to mention it will make you want to take a road trip Down South (no small feat).
