B00004STPT|5.0|What can I say? It is the best CD I have ever listened to.  At some parts it is very melodic and beautiful, and in others it is breathtakingly dramatic.  I would recommend this to any music fan.
B000002J6H|5.0|\\"Captain ManyHands\\" (Stephen Stills) did, in fact, arrange, play all the instruments (Nash and Crosby's musicianship was deemed \\"unrecordable\\" at that point in their careers) write the most memorable cuts and help mix the first album. He sent Crosby out of the studio and invited him back only when he had recorded the complete instrument tracks for \\"Long Time Gone\\". So much for this untalented man's contributions to CSN!. He was also the sole \\"absolute must\\" member when Atlantic Records agreed to sign the group.<br />By the way, this is a great record too!
B000002HRE|5.0|Back in their younger days, Metallica played heavy-metal and ushered the heavy-metal genre into a new dimension. Featuring a great cast of band members (who are James Hetfield, Kirk Hammett, Cliff Burton, and Lars Ulrich), these four men created the best three albums ever made, according to some who've come to enjoy Metallica. Unfortunately, Cliff perished in a terrible accident (RIP, oh great bass master...), making the band a three-some. However, the band never quit. They enlisted the aid of one Jason Newstead and continued to make albums that were also awesome. <br />Reload is no expection. Reload is the sequel to Load, featuring the same style and power that was provided in Load, only it became different. Different because the band was actually cool enough to change their style and try something new for a change. For me, Reload is the one CD that got me hooked into Metallica. Every song never lacks intensity, whether it may be slow or fast. Perhaps the best songs that are deserved to be mentioned would be Attitude, Fuel, Fixxxer, Where The Wild Things Are, Better Than You, and Devil's Dance, because of it's melodic riffs and drums doing a great job. Other songs are also excellent in their own right as well. James's voice fits the atmopshere of the songs (as usual), Kirk's solos are amazing, Lars does a great job with his drum playing, while Jason is filling the void with his bass playing. <br />When it's all said and done, Metallica will mostly be remembered as a band who never quit and who wanted to be different from the rest. Not caring what anyone else says about them, they still continue to make some of the best music in the world and I'm proud to say that Metallica is doing an excellent job with their music. If people cannot accept the style that Metallica is currently relying on, then you shouldn't listen to this awesome masterpiece. However, if people can accept change and don't mind to listening to something different, then I believe that Reload is worthlistening to.
B00005LMBK|4.0|The first time I ever heard a song by the Gorillaz was late on night on MTV, and the song was Clint Eastwood. I remember what drew me in was the music video with the strange animation and characters, but the more I listened to Clint Eastwood the more I realized I liked the music. So, with this in mind, I went out and bought the CD to see what the rest of the songs were like. I can honestly say that this CD does not have a weak track. Each song has it's own little twist to it, which means that certain songs are appealing at certain times (if I want something light, something a little more heavy, or a good bass beat for when I'm in the car), but I have listened to the entire CD many times since buying it. I'd have to say that, even though I'm not a big fan of Rap, Techno, or Pop music, this creative blend of all three styles was the right combination, giving each style the extra piece that (in my opinion) it usually lacks. For rap, there's words, but a real lack of good music; for techno, a good beat but usually uninspired repetitive lyrics; for pop, no replay value. But this hits all the right notes and gets each of these three to work together. The best songs on the CD have to be 19-2000, Clint Eastwood, and Dracula.
B00004XPPB|5.0|Like Westerns, gangster films are a unique, American invention; our fascination for these movies seems hard to understand at times, considering the amoral and destructive actions of the patriarchal characters involved.  Perhaps in spite of these deficiencies, gangster movies allow us to look at criminals as human beings, as flawed and unfortunate as the rest of us.  Donnie Brasco, far more than other movies in the genre, takes this possibility and turns it into the driving force behind its emotional impact.  It is a welcome relief from the near-glorification of gangster life in late 80s and early 90s movies such as Casino, Scarface, and others, and it injected a much-needed dose of nitro.  Donnie Brasco's gangsters aren't your rich, creme de la creme godfathers - they are the underlings, involved in a lifestyle they can no longer refuse.<br />The film follows FBI Agent Joe Pistone, who is undercover in Brooklyn as Donnie Brasco, jeweler (Johnny Depp, in one of his best movie roles).  After winning the trust and confidence of low-budget hitman &quot;Lefty&quot; (Al Pacino, who should have been nominated for an Oscar), &quot;Donnie&quot; begins to move around in the New York underworld.  When the old boss is &quot;whacked,&quot; another mobster seizes the opportunity and gains control, allowing &quot;Donnie&quot; to go further into the mob scene than any undercover cop ever did before.  Eventually, the lines between work and self break down, making Donnie's ultimate decision all the more visceral and real.<br />Based on a true story, Donnie Brasco rings true throughout, uncompromising and unflinching.  Depp and Pacino deliver outstanding performances, and Anne Heche, in a supporting role as Joe's increasingly frustrated wife, shines in her best role to date.  The plot, too, moves along at a steady clip, never losing momentum and never slipping into the easy, moralizing path this film could easily have taken.  The only real problem was at the beginning of the film, where things seem to happen without much reason, but causes and effects are easily inferred.<br />This DVD Special Edition has a very informative commentary track, and a few non-necessary deleted scenes.  The picture and sound, however, are fantastic; nary a scratch or dust spot on the print, and the sound is as clear and well-mixed as can be expected.  The featurettes are interesting, but seem a little too short (as do many DVD featurettes).<br />The movie is bound to become a classic, not only in the gangster genre but in American filmmaking as well.  It's a special Special Edition, and definitely worth the cost.  If you are a fan of the film, a fan of movies, or a fan of DVD, add this title to your collection as soon as you can.re things seem to happen without much reason, but causes and effects are easily inferred.<br />This DVD Special Edition has a very informative commentary track, and a few non-necessary deleted scenes.  The picture and sound, however, are fantastic; nary a scratch or dust spot on the print, and the sound is as clear and well-mixed as can be expected.  The featurettes are interesting, but seem a little too short (as do many DVD featurettes).<br />The movie is bound to become a classic, not only in the gangster genre but in American filmmaking as well.  It's a special Special Edition, and definitely worth the cost.  If you are a fan of the film, a fan of movies, or a fan of DVD, add this title to your collection as soon as you can.
B000000WCA|3.0|This is a good record to dress up and dance to, but it lacked substance and meaning. In &quot;Naked&quot;, what are they singing about? A naked British woman on the phone? &quot;If U Can't Dance&quot; makes no sense at all, but I like the Spanish rap. Yeah, Spice Girls, like YOU can dance anyway. &quot;Wannabe&quot; is very annoying, but good to run around the house crazy to. &quot;Say You'll Be There&quot; is my favorite. &quot;2 Become 1&quot; is a contradiction. The girls are singing about safe sex, but most of the listeners were girls between the ages 6-12. Girls too young to know what safe sex is about. &quot;Love Thing&quot; is sassy, but a mock-feminist tune. &quot;Last Time Lover&quot; is sexy and sultry. However, the girls should stick to singing, not rapping. &quot;Mama&quot; reminds me of my relationship with my mother...and how I drive her crazy. :) &quot;Who do you think you are?&quot; is a good dance club hit. It's one of my faves. &quot;Somethin' Kinda Funny&quot; is an R&amp;B song that's lyrically-challenged. &quot;Naked&quot; makes no sense whatsoever. What is that song about? &quot;If U Can't Dance&quot; is konga/pop/dance. It's alright.
0679731725|5.0|Through the years, I have read a number of the Booker Prize Winners: books like The English Patient, Possession, and Schindler's List, and each time I have been fortunate to fine them to be superb pieces of literature. The Remains of the Day is certainly in the highest ranks of the Booker Prize Winning Novels. It is so beautifully written, it is so thought-provoking, and it is so moving.<br />The narrator of the novel is Stevens, the perfect English butler. He is writing a journal as he takes a motoring trip across England to meet with a Miss Kenton to hire her. Along the way, Stevens begins to reflect on his life. He wonders if his life was wasted in service to others, and he wonders if the man he served was in fact a decent man. Stevens questions himself, mainly about his relationship with Miss Kenton. To the reader, more is revealed through what is not said by this man intent on being a stoic. The novel isn't just a character study, though. The novel also serves to reflect on an English society which has long resisted change. He also studies that moral delimma of tradition verses change.<br />The Remains of the Day is such a superb novel. The characterizationis are marvelous and intriguing. The novel works on many levels. The novel also flows so smoothly due to the author's beautiful prose. The Remains of the Day is one of the rare and brilliant books of the century.
B00000AFWW|5.0|This is a RAD  record! &quot;Celebrity Skin&quot; mocks Hollywood sham and superficiality. &quot;Awful&quot; is about rock and its influences on America's youth. &quot;Hit So Hard&quot; is a good song. It has references to domestic abuse and misogyny. &quot;Malibu&quot; is the ultimate California song. It makes you feel like you're at the beach. &quot;Reasons to be Beautiful&quot; is sweet. :) It's about Kurt Cobain and it was crafted extremely well. I also loved Courtney's voice because it reminded me of 1994's Live Through This. &quot;Dying&quot; is a sad, mournful song. It reminds me of lost love and death (i.e. Kurt) &quot;Use Once &amp; Destroy&quot; has references to oral sex, but I don't think that it's about that. &quot;I went down to rescue you/I went all the way down&quot;. It's definitely my favorite song on the record. &quot;Northern Star&quot; is haunting and dark. It's about Kurt, obviously. I listened to this song when my great-grandmother and cat died. I burst into tears. &quot;Boys on the Radio&quot; is a good teen romance song, but my least favorite. &quot;Heaven Tonight&quot; is about a little angel (maybe Frances Bean). I dunno. &quot;Playing your Song&quot; is &quot;the last grunge song of the 1990s&quot;- Courtney Love. Anyway, it's a VERY good acidic, angry song. &quot;Petals&quot; is similar to &quot;Dying&quot; in the sense of sadness and mystery. The record is a tribute to the state of California. That's one reason why I love it so much. As a &quot;seasoned&quot; Californian, I can relate entirely when I listen to the album. Oh, and I give Hole xtra points for the dedication, &quot;This record is dedicated to the stolen water of Los Angeles, and anyone who drowned.&quot; and the eccentric picture of the Water &amp; Power Department of Los Angeles in Hollywood. I should know, my mom goes there to pay her utility bills every month.
6301954947|5.0|Waterloo is probably the best &quot;battle&quot; film ever made, depicting the famous clash of Napoleon versus Wellington in June 1815.  Although there are quirks and omissions in this film, overall it does a magnificent job of encapsulating the pathos of Napoleon's Hundred Days.  Rod Steiger as Napoleon and Christopher Plummer as Wellington are both very convincing in their roles, and the director's use of &quot;inner thought&quot; to hear what these two are thinking at key moments is very interesting.<br />  The film covers the Hundred Days, from Napoleon's return from Elba to his defeat at Waterloo, with some attention given to the events preceding the final battle.  Unfortunately, the Battles of Quatre Bras and Ligny just prior to Waterloo are given scant attention, and the Prussian role is minimized.  The presence of Dutch, Belgian, Brunswick and King's German Legion troops in Wellington's force, as well as the role of the Prince of Orange, are ignored.  Although Ney and Picton are major characters, the primary focus is on Napoleon and Wellington. In the battle itself, the opening attack on Hougomont (led by Napoleon's brother Jerome, who is not shown in the film) and Napoleon's basic tactics are covered fairly well.  However, D'Erlon's main attack and the impromptu British cavalry attack is muddled and confused.  The desperate defense of the La Haye Saint farmhouse is only briefly shown, which further muddies the depiction of the battle.  On the other hand, the director spares no effort in depicting the massed French cavalry attacks and the British infantry squares that defied them.  The final assault by the Imperial Guard and the arrival of the French flows rather quickly, without depicting the desperate actions by the Young Guard to hold off Blucher.<br />  There are very few films that cover an entire battle because it is actually a very difficult task.  Waterloo does not cover every key event or participant, but it does convey the flavor of this famous battle.  Viewers should appreciate the effort and forgive the omissions.ous battle.  Viewers should appreciate the effort and forgive the omissions.
B000001OAA|4.0|I'm not a huge fan of electronic music, but after hearing \\"Stupid Girl\\" on the WB's \\"Clueless\\", I had to buy the CD! ([Sad], I know) I absolutely love Shirley's voice and the interesting sound mixture. Every song on the record was crafted exceptionally well and polished exquisitely. My favorite songs were \\"Queer\\", \\"Only Happy When It Rains\\", \\"Vox\\" and \\"Stupid Girl\\". Shirley Manson is he best female vocalist of our time! She rox!
B000001FZK|5.0|This CD is simply holy. Hauntingly passionate. Extremely beautiful, graceful, painful, sensual. I just lay on my bed late at night and blast it and am taken far, far away. The music is eerie at times, carefree elsewhere. Whoever wrote these songs and created this CD is channeling the essence of the universe. Definitely the closest thing I can think of to &quot;religious&quot; -- at least on a CD. Mark Holis' voice is an instrument of its own, thin, then rich, then hollow, then majestic, then feeble.   Thank you TALK TALK.
1567184855|1.0|I hated this book.  If this is what life is like in the Spirit world then I hope to stay right here.  The images presented in this book by the hypnotized clients are my description of hell.  Wispy, floating forms, living in layers of a cloud like environment, taking constant classes.  What is the point of this?  I truly think this author got it all wrong.  If found his ideas to be incredibly depressing.
B000003S0R|5.0|Movie making has almost caught up with this album. To the point that it is almost possible to conceptualize the mystic/internationalist/martial arts/james bond/montenegro type movie that would need to be created to deserve this album as a soundtrack. <br />This is an album about a group of hobbits on a secret mission in south east asia during the fourth century bc. Their adventures have a jungian effect on a modern couple caught in a typically deceitful relationship. <br />The woman is an international double agent, born to japanese parents in sweden. The male lead is a martial arts master who can fly over roofs and commune with the hobbits when necessary. Ultimately, they're not trying to save the world, they're simply trying to reconcile their relationship and be true to their own buddha nature. <br />The hobbits, though are on a doomed mission which is referred to by name in the album's title. As in life, there are hundreds of characters (including -- but not limited to -- small children, cute pets, boring in-laws, fat people, whales, chinese royalty, a brothel in new orleans, ugly pets, large children, thugs, intellectuals, writers and martyrs) in the movie who have minor speaking roles. If you watched this movie for the rest of your life, you still wouldn't know how it ends.<br />It won't be out on DVD for another 20 years. Buy the soundtrack now. Warning: when released in the future this movie will contain realistic scenes about everyday life that everyone will find disturbing.
0684800713|5.0|Hemingway won the Nobel Prize in Literature and for good reason as this his first major novel shows. What we notice about Hemingway is his style; but for all its infamous &quot;simplicity,&quot; Hemingway's style is very tightly controlled and rich in emotional intensities. He used to practice by reciting the King James version of the Bible in order to get the power and poetry of adjective deficient prose. Hemingway's characters wander, they do not &quot;Quest&quot; so he is probably postmodern. Nevertheless, the moderist issues of self and identity are prominent. These people live in the post WW II wasteland which as shown is absolutely authentic. Even the character Robert Cohn, the Jewish boxer from Princeton is real because, believe it or not, in those days circa 1926 boxing was a Jewish sport.
B0000017CA|5.0|<br />Probably The Best Album/Band To Hit The Metal Scene Ever And Without A Doubt The Best Of The 90's . Formed In 1991 From The Demolition And Uniting Of Two Bands In Lousiania (Golgotha And Dark Carnival), Acid Bath Went On To Make 4 Albums (Hymns Of The Needle Freek,A Live Demo Album,When The Kite String Pops And Pagan Terrorism Tactics)And 1 Video(Toubabo Koomi) Before Their Demise Following The Death Of Their Bassist Audie Pitre. <br />When The Kite String Pops Was There Most Brutal And Yet Most Solid Album Outta The 4,The Main Reason For This Of Course Is They Spent More Time Writing It.What Made The Band So Great Was The Fact That They Played Brutal Death Metal Which Actually Had Intelligent Lyrics And Superb Vocals Backing It All Up,And They Were Original.Really,How Many Bands Have You Heard That Had All That,I've Yet To Hear A Death Metal Band With Vocals Worth Anything And Also Never Heard A Hard Rock Band With Any Brutality Or Any Intelligent Lyrics Whatsoever. <br />From The Sabbath Doomey \\"The Blue\\",Tranquil \\"Tranquilized\\",Punky Brutal \\"Cheap Vodka\\" ,Hypnoticaly Insane \\"Finger Paintings Of The Insane\\", Death Metal Vibe \\"Jezebel\\" , Breath Taking - Soul Soothing -  Anti Abortion \\"Scream Of The Butterfly\\" , Coma Inducing Mix Of Black,Death,Doom Metal \\"Dr. Seuss Is Dead\\" , Very Hard Rock \\"Dope Feind\\" , Punkish \\"Toubabo Koomi\\" , What Death Metal Should Sound Like \\"God Machine\\" , Acid Trippin' \\"Morticians Flame\\" , Moshpit Stompin \\"What Color Is Death\\", Dax Riggs Worshiping Vocals \\"The Bones Of Baby Dolls\\", Raunchy Mind \\"Cassie Eats Cockroaches\\" This Album Will Leave You Speechless Over And Over.<br /> This Album Went Where Death Metal Has Yet To Go,This Band Went Through Genres No Other Has Been Able To
B00005O3VC|5.0|If you talk to fans of comedy, specifically the British troupe known as Monty Python, they will invariably say that The Holy Grail is just that... the Holy Grail of comedic movies.  It takes a story that virtually everyone knows at least something about, mixes in physical humor with intellectual humor, and ends up making you laugh while making fun of just about everything that most people would normally consider sarcosanct (namely, religion and history).<br />This movie is stupid, yes, but it is stupid in such a brilliantly written way that it will leave you laughing for hours after you've finished watching it.  It pokes fun at everything, with religion and history at its heart.  Many of the themes in fact are loosely veiled so as to make fun of our modern problems in a very indirect way so that you don't even realize what you were laughing at until hours or days later after some introspection.  The physical slapstick and the indirect satire (such as the scene of the Holy Hand Grenade - a classic that pokes fun at religion while seeming to embrace it) are melded perfectly in a way that only Monty Python can do it.<br />The Special Edition is a vast improvement over the previous version, giving us a new anamorphic widescreen transfer, better sound, and some special features to boot.  If you are even remotely interested in laughing, then laugh at religion, history, and everyone else along with our favorite British boys of the age before political correctness.  This is a no-brainer for any self-loving movie fan.
B000000XH4|5.0|This is the album to purchase for the listener who doesn't insist on having every note Bill played on that now-celebrated Sunday on June 25, 1961. Originally released as 2 albums--&quot;Sunday at the Village Vanguard&quot; and several months later as &quot;Waltz for Debbie&quot;--the session has been distilled to this single, remastered CD, which omits &quot;Alice in Wonderland,&quot; &quot;Detour Ahead,&quot; and &quot;Some Other Time.&quot; On the other hand, if you had purchased the two original vinyl recordings, you would not have access to &quot;I Loves You Porgy,&quot; which is on this single disk. Pricing, too, can be highly erratic (one of the original &quot;Waltz for Debbie&quot; albums is going for twice the price of this consolidated album). For current background on this rare, priceless recorded moment in jazz history, see the article by Adam Gopnik in the 8/13/2001 &quot;New Yorker.&quot; How reassuring it is to find that, despite the digital din and MP3 madness that now consume us, the legacy of Bill continues to be with us. Any representative collection of Bill Evans' music must include this seminal recording, as vibrant and scintillating today as when it was first released. At the same time, because Bill was an artist who experienced an incredible surge of creative energy in his final days, &quot;The Paris Concert&quot; is no less essential to an appreciation of his romantic genius.
B000058T5E|5.0|I played this for two other guys my age (let's just say &quot;middle&quot;) and they went as berserk as I when I first heard this. They, like myself and Jeff, refuse to go gentle into that good night. We can remember Jeff's work with the Yardbirds when it was new. We followed him into his solo career, cruising town with &quot;I Ain't Superstitious&quot; cranked in the car, reveling in &quot;Rough and Ready&quot; and getting blown away by &quot;Blow by Blow&quot;. Jeff Beck's artistry has always remained current. And just when we had forgotten him, he does this. Blistering and dirty, combining contemporary trance-rock rhythms with guitar work you can almost sing along with, &quot;You had It Coming&quot; begs the question &quot;if Beck can do this, where is Jimmy Page?&quot;  Put this in your stereo and go cruise like you did when you were...well...you know...
0735201684|5.0|This book offers an insight into the great powers of your subconscious mind. The 'KEY' to all success here is the use of &quot;+ve thinking&quot;. I've always believed that dreams are always going to be dreams, yet, Dr Murphy here tells you exactly how to turn them into a reality....No special tools needed except for your unlimited faith in God &amp; yourself, your subconscious mind will do the rest. Happiness, success, love &amp; strength are all  yours if only you read this book. I urge you to do so, ASAP!
B000002NBY|5.0|Of all of Paul Simon's many musical productions, this one is generally regarded as his greatest achievement by fans and the music world in general.  There are some good reasons why these people should hold this opinion.  While it lacks the depth and feeling of the subsequent Rhythm of the Saints, Graceland is itself a treasure.  As Simon's first real departure into a multicultural approach to music, this album was groundbreaking and served to reshape the rest of his career to date.  In terms of synthesis, this is probably his best album--elements of the writer of Kodachrome and other, older hits show clearly with an exotic feeling and appreciation for the wider world that has come to infuse his music in his later career.<br />Song by song, every piece here is a keeper, and the album itself is masterfully arranged (and oft-overlooked element of producing a truly good collection of music).  Featuring the breakout performance of Ladysmith Black Mambazo on several songs, each of the pieces here is accompanied by an inescapable sense of the exotic, which ultimately derives from the fact that this music, while drawing its influence from several different cultures and traditions, is ultimately a creation solely of Simon's.  It is this unique quality that also imparts to Graceland the nearly infinite replay value that should gurantee its status as a classic for years to come.  Highly recommended as an addition to any person's musical library--regardless of taste or preference, there should be something here to appeal to every listener.
0804102988|1.0|this book was written to torture Honors British Literature students.  It's lengthy with pointless historical tidbits... if you're reading this book, you've got to be obsessed with british history already, so why bother with length historical information?  And you'd think the book would be able to stay afloat with it's character insights, but they just come out cliched.  The gay priest, the nymphomaniac native, the athiest turned monk, the stupid slut, the tortured artisan, come on!  We've seen this stuff before, and written ten times better to boot.  The dreary 1000 pages used in the printing of this novel could have been used for a better cause...toilet paper for third world countries is a great example...but since it's already too late, I've discovered my copy of Sarum is extremely flammable and doubles as an excellent torture device.
B000005J56|5.0|Let's get one thing straight from the outset--this is not JUST Cuban music.  Granted, it's Cuban singers singing Cuban songs, but the music on this album is itself influenced by all that has happened in the musical world since these songs were first written and introduced.  This may turn off some traiditional Cuban music enthusiasts, but for the casual listener, I think there ought to be little negative effect.<br />It's a fact that Ry Cooder likes his slide guitar, and he uses it in several of the songs contained on this collection, but this does nothing to diminish the value or appeal of the collection as a whole to any but the most set-in devotee of traditional Cuban music.  Indeed, many of the songs possess an even more haunting quality than they might have possessed without the modernizing influence that some of the crew involved brought to the performances.  Songs like Chan Chan and El Carratero are packed with emotion and atmosphere, and throughout, Buena Vista Social Club is infused with the remarkable vocal talents of such superluminaries as Ibrahim Ferrer (who is himself no alien to modern music, collaborating with Gorrilaz on their recent release).  For and appreciator of music, this album should hold appeal, and I highly recommend it for any listener.
B000002HPV|5.0|In 1996, after a slew of successes that included two platinum albums and a #1 single of a 1950s big band cover, Björk suffered three major shocks in the space of a few weeks. While in Bangkok, she instinctively pounced upon a reporter who was accosting her son. (I've seen the footage: it's violent.) She broke up with her long-term boyfriend Goldie in public at a dance club. And, most troublingly, an insane fan who was allegedly distraught that she was dating outside of her race sent her a mail bomb and committed suicide while listening to &quot;I Miss You&quot;.<br />Out of the chaos of her annus horribilis came &quot;Homogenic&quot;, a musically unprecedented album, simultaneously soaring and pessimistic. Unlike &quot;Post&quot;, the manically eclectic album that preceded it, here Björk set out from the title onward to showcase compositions entirely of one style, a fusion of the seemingly immiscible genres of electronica and classical music that became her signature through the end of the decade. Björk had flirted with this electroclassical style before with &quot;Hyperballad&quot; and &quot;You've Been Flirting Again&quot;, both from &quot;Post&quot;, and she had worked with the Brodsky Quartet (with whom she would later perform her greatest concert to date at Union Chapel, London) when she reworked &quot;Hyperballad&quot; for her remix album &quot;Telegram&quot;. But it was with &quot;Homogenic&quot; that she truly solidified this new style, the most populist revolution in music since Mozart's Singspiel and the most important since the twelve-tone theory of Schoenberg. (Whose &quot;Pierrot Lunaire&quot;, I feel compelled to mention in a side note, she performed in an unannounced concert; the recording, if it even exists, has become the holy grail of Björkiana.)<br />Make no mistake: the ten pieces of &quot;Homogenic&quot; are without question written in an evolved classical style that she began to develop from the age of eleven. A ten-year student at Iceland's national music academy (where she studied the flute), Björk is unquestionably trained to write classical music. &quot;Homogenic&quot; can be seen as a classical album written by a composer who has gone through the wringers of all four of the century's major popular styles: rock (&quot;Miranda&quot;), punk (&quot;The Eye&quot;), pop (all the Sugarcubes albums), and jazz (&quot;Gling-Gló&quot;). But it is also a classical album written by a composer who received a bomb threat, who attacked a reporter, who suffered a terrible break-up. Trauma, either undergoing it or sublimating it, is the fuel behind all of the album's songs. Indeed, &quot;Homogenic&quot; is a surprisingly dark album for a singer/composer whom reporters constantly call &quot;cute&quot; or &quot;elfin&quot;.<br />When one reflects upon &quot;Homogenic&quot;, one first arrives at the rather reductive view that the beats and synthesized elements of these songs are the unnatural or grating aspects of her life and the strings over which they are laid are the beautiful or biological aspects she is striving for. Indeed, the nominally happier tracks like &quot;Jóga&quot;, Björk's exquisite ballad to her best friend, let the violins soar through the beats and swell in triumph. The grittier tracks like &quot;Pluto&quot; flood the strings in a wash of electronica that eventually drowns out all the classical elements. Her style, one later realizes, is not nearly so simple and dichotomous. At the same time, emotionally ambivalent tracks like &quot;Hunter&quot; and &quot;Bachelorette&quot; question the assumption of the beauty of strings and ugliness of beats; Björk reverses expectations by sending her orchestra into atonality and letting the electronics prove their attractiveness.<br />The pièce de résistance here is &quot;5 Years&quot;, a masterpiece of classical, electronic, and electroclassical composition that culminates in the most astoundingly gorgeous coda I have ever heard. The piece begins with soldierly beats that drive the song in a seemingly perpetual march as Björk remonstrates the man who &quot;just can't handle love.&quot; Out of nowhere, however, arrives a set of trilling violins, obscured under the electronica. The composer has reversed expectations: the drumming is the center of the composition and the strings lie in the background. Just when you think you understand where you are, though, the beats drop out, the voice dominates, and the strings burst into a surge of magnificent atonality. The beats return in a mollified form, slinking behind the foregrounded orchestra. Natural order has returned, but only in a shockingly atonal way.<br />For all its musical and lyrical austerity, &quot;Homogenic&quot; concludes with the fluid, koanlike &quot;All is Full of Love&quot;, one of Björk's signature pieces (and the basis for Chris Cunningham's stunning video). In this hauntingly strange piece we hear the first hint of the composer's newest theory, the thrill of inaudibility, that is the focus of her latest album, &quot;Vespertine&quot;. &quot;All is Full of Love&quot; is a fitting cool-down after the ravages of the nine songs that precede it. It is an appropriately optimistic cap to an unexpectedly pessimistic song cycle. And it demonstrates that, even after revolutionizing classical music and electronica, Björk still has a huge cache of ideas to plumb.
B000002LKF|5.0|Graceland was an excellent album for Paul Simon--it did, after all, win him a best album Grammy--which makes this album that much more exceptional for surpassing his previous effort.  There are a lot of people who would disagree with me, I'm sure, but ultimately I think that Simon achieves something much more remarkable with Rhythm of the Saints than with his 1986 masterpiece.  With Rhytm, Simon does more than compile a collection of excellent music, but he also evokes an atmosphere and feeling not present in his earlier work.  Listening to Graceland feels to me like listening to a synthesis album, while listening to Rhythm of the Saints is something like experiencing a foreign environment firsthand.<br />Considered objectively, without reference to Simon's earlier work, the album is still excellent.  While it doesn't have quite as many of those catchy songs as you might expect (Obvious Child is the one that comes to mind, and perhaps The Coast), that's probably in keeping with the exemplary atmosphere of the album.  This isn't an album that really ought to be partitioned and segmented--each song flows into the others to form a rich tapestry for the listener.  All things considered, this is an exceptional piece of music, and one that probably ought to be in any listener's library, whether he be a Paul Simon fan, a devotee of multicultural music, or simply an appreciator of music itself.
0684803356|5.0|The greatest book by one of the world's greatest authors.  Anyone who considers themselves remotely interested in reading or literature should read this novel immediately.  Hemingway reached the peak of his craft here, from the storyline to the characters to the prose itself.  It's part war novel, part love story, and part historical documentary of the Spanish Civil War.  All three blend together seamlessly to create a book without any recognizable flaws.
0380973650|3.0|After reading 112 pages into this book, I asked myself 'OK, when is this book going to GRAB me, and reel me in with it's brilliance...' Needless to say, it didn't. What with this book being showcased everywhere from glaring displays set up at your friendly neighborhood bookstore, to gleaming write-ups in a lot of book magazines, I was expecting something more. I know, I know... I only got to page 112, but still, THE HOOK should have been evident early on - to me, it was not. I felt like I was forcing myself to finally get to the part that deserves all the adulation. Not to be too critical, the pages I did read were well written and interesting. The story of old gods vs. new gods is a cool idea to show how artificial and materialistic our culture now seems to be... but ultimately, THE HOOK just wasn't evident enough to justify the price tag. Wait for this book in paperback...used.
0385334206|5.0|This book doesn't hold quite the weight as &quot;Slaughterhouse Five&quot; or &quot;Cat's Cradle&quot; to critics and many readers, but I believe it to be his funniest work without a doubt.  Even thought it doens't make quite a grand of statement as those two books, it nonetheless is filled with brilliant satire and comments on our ridiculous society.  The book may be even stronger because it was probably more difficult to make this subject matter work so well.  The characters are memorable and you won't stop laughing.  Any first-time Vonnegut reader would be doing fine to start here if they aren't as inclined to delve into his science-fiction works, and for those who started with them, you will not be dissapointed with this one.
0786915749|4.0|For someone who plays Dungeons &amp; Dragons like I do, you will find that this series of books is the game come to life.  You can almost hear the dice rolling, especially in the begining of this first book.<br />The world is Krynn and its about to go through an unfortunate string of events which will drag our group of adventurers through hell and back.  Each has thier own demons and issues to work through, and its pleasing to watch each one struggle and grow.<br />To be honest I loved this series of books and I found that the detail of the world and the interesting-ness of the characters keep the pages turning.  Read the whole series including the Legends trilogy - you won't be disapointed.
0131103628|5.0|Not a book for beginners trying to acquaint themselves with the language, but a tremendous reference book for those who are moving to C from another programming language or who want to fully exploit the raw potential of this language. Look at the shelf of any C programmer. You'll invariably see one or another edition of this book.
B000031XCR|4.0|Though Celine Dion has released five English language albums since entering the scene in 1990, she only gained worldwide popularity after the release of the her album FALLING INTO YOU in 1996.  On her first retrospective, she garners nine of her previous chart singles, along with seven new originals.  While this is a fair representation, there are a few gripes.  For one, the set conspicuously omits her first chart hit 'Where Does My Heart Beat Now', as well as her sterling reading of Eric Carmen's 'All By Myself', both farily significant top ten singles.  And though 'Love Can Move Mountains' is one of her best upbeat songs, it barely grazed the top forty, and was included in favor of the aforementioned two, not to mention more solid(and successful)songs like 'Misled' or even 'Nothing Broken But My Heart'.  As for the new songs, 'That's The Way It Is' is a strong entry in her otherwise typical catalog of ballads, and  'I Want You To Need Me' is also a keeper, but the remaining songs are only average and could have been omitted in favor of some of her other, previous hits.  All in all, a good start for the uninitiated, but falls slightly short of complete.
0446364495|5.0|Este libro narra una realidad de dualismo, por una parte todos los hombres y todas la mujeres, en algun momento de nuestra vida creemos que todo se ha acabado o se esta acabando, pero para la mujer casada con un machista( el 99 % de los hombres lo somos)la realidad podria ser peor. A mi personalmente las aventuras extramaritales me tienen sin cuidado y cada quien las tenga o no sera su asunto. El gran dilema que se plantea aqui es la eleccion: que queremos? Una persona aburrida a nuestro lado, pero buena? que es parte de nuestro yo mas intimo, nuestro conyuge? O una aventura que se quiera o no solo durara un breve espacio de meses a lo sumo? Sobra decir que la eleccion es personal, pero creo que todo hombre y mujer en relacion de riezgo sentimental debera leer este excelente libro. La pasion pasa, el amor si es honesto, es perenne como la hierba... Nunca he encontado en la America Hispana un divorciado o divorciada feliz, y eso algo debe significar...al menos para los que aun estamos casados.
B00004U30D|5.0|Hands down one of the most profound and strikingly original movies to be released in the last decade, AMERICAN BEAUTY gives the audiences a glimpse into the everyday life of your 'average' American family--suffice it to say, you're a LONG way from the Brady Bunch here.  Kevin Spacey justifies his Oscar win as the films male parental unit, Lester Burnham, basically a going nowhere fortysomething who's lost all interest in life, including the part that his marriage occupies.  Annette Bening gives her finest performance to date(and highly underrated) as his seemingly perky real estate agent wife Carolyn.  Bening gravitates between happy and pathetic, usually in the same scene, and does so with the slightest of ease.  Thora Birch, a long way from her days as a child actress, gives a sterling performance as Jane, Lester and Carolyn's daughter who is completely frustrated with the &quot;lameness&quot; with which her parents lead their life.  She's also appalled at the way with which her horny father gawks at her best friend Angela.  She's played by Mena Suvari, in possibly the film's most revelatory performance, as Suvari goes far deeper than most would into what makes this usually token jailbait character tick, and comes out with a completely fleshed out portrait of a very insecure young girl.  Also playing the gawking game,with better results, is Wes Bentley, who plays Rickey, the Burnham's cleverly sly drug dealer neighbor, and the pursuer of their daughter's affections.<br />Rounding the acting ensemble is Chris Cooper, who plays Rickey's dad(and who has some very deep-rooted secrets) and Allison Janney, that rare actress who never fails to bring anything less than an indelible impression to even the smallest of roles, as Rickey's mother.  The story is utterly thought-provoking--this is that rare movie that lives so much better beyond the hype that surrounded it.  It was completely warranted.
0449000729|2.0|Sarum : The Novel of England by Edward Rutherfurd is a historical-fictional account of the life and times of Salisbury England and the people who lived there. He begins his tale with pre-historic man and continues to modern day. Each chapter is a small snippet of history with characters from that time. <br />Essentially he follows 4 to 5 families through history and we see how they develop. How each family grows and changes depends upon the circumstances of time. An example of this is Osmund Mason a talented artisan who after time becomes a master mason. Unbeknownst to him his ancestor was responsible for the construction of Stonehenge. His family are craftsmen and they evolve and adapt over time to the new methods of masonry and sculpture. <br />I found the scope of this book remarkable and the idea exciting. This is the primary reason why I purchased this book. Also, what is fascinating with this tale is the landscape and the setting. It amazes me that bloodthirsty Viking marauders once stalked the same ground that a church occupies today. Also, what I found especially interesting where the chapters devoted to the builders. The book came alive when Rutherfurd wrote about the construction of both the druid temple of Stonehenge and the Roman Catholic Cathedral. These chapters were fascinating. The reader can visualize the work involved building both of these edifices. You can feel the character's efforts required accomplishing something so magnificent. For these chapters alone I might have recommended Sarum. <br />However, I cannot fully endorse Sarum, the characters are not fully developed and they are never given a chance to grow. It seems that when a story finally becomes interesting Rutherfurd decides to wrap it up and have them die of old age (or something else). This may be a peculiarity of mine but I need characters that I care about and Sarum never let me have any. At one point it got so bad that I no longer cared who was from what family (even though the genealogical table/chart was helpful). <br /> The other reviewers are correct when they compare Rutherfurd to Michener. Both write this kind of novel, long stories of epic scale. They both attempt to develop their characters over centuries of life. Yet both have the same problem of creating stories that are too large and populating their stories with shallow characters.
B000031XCR|4.0|Though Celine Dion has released five English language albums since entering the scene in 1990, she only gained worldwide popularity after the release of the her album FALLING INTO YOU in 1996.  On her first retrospective, she garners nine of her previous chart singles, along with seven new originals.  While this is a fair representation, there are a few gripes.  For one, the set conspicuously omits her first chart hit 'Where Does My Heart Beat Now', as well as her sterling reading of Eric Carmen's 'All By Myself', both farily significant top ten singles.  And though 'Love Can Move Mountains' is one of her best upbeat songs, it barely grazed the top forty, and was included in favor of the aforementioned two, not to mention more solid(and successful)songs like 'Misled' or even 'Nothing Broken But My Heart'.  As for the new songs, 'That's The Way It Is' is a strong entry in her otherwise typical catalog of ballads, and  'I Want You To Need Me' is also a keeper, but the remaining songs are only average and could have been omitted in favor of some of her other, previous hits.  All in all, a good start for the uninitiated, but falls slightly short of complete.
0679879269|5.0|A brilliant final chapter to a brilliant trilogy.  The plot gets even more complex and the theological debate rages as Pullman keeps us turning pages to find out what exactly will come of this epic battle of good vs. evil, played out over multiple worlds and parallel realties - though it is never as clearly defined as that.  <br />The ambiguities are enormous and the reader will keep guessing to the very last page.  What is Mrs. Coulter's true motivation? Is Lord Asriel really a fallen angel, as his name suggests? Will Lyra ever be reunited with her friend Roger? Does Will ever see his mother again ... is he reunited with his father? And again, what exactly is Dust and how does it fit into our heroes'lives? The questions don't relent ... and the answers, when all is revealed, may still leave the reader puzzled. But that is the brilliance of this work. Nothing is cut and dried.  How many works of contemporary fiction linger with you long after you've put them down?<br />One of the most exciting things about this trilogy is the way in which both Will and Lyra, in particular, grow and mature.  Pullman's handling of their 'growing up' is delicate and finely rendered.  Their final scenes together are wrenching ... as is the sequence in the Land of the Dead that serves as the novel's centerpiece. This is perhaps one of the most chilling passages I've encountered in recent fiction.<br />I can't wait to read it again.
B000002C4J|2.0|After the Grammy-winning success of her previous set FALLING INTO YOU, Celine Dion was under the typical pressure one gets when following up a massively huge album.  Too bad she didn't take a little longer to seek out better material, because LET'S TALK ABOUT LOVE not only fails to live up to the stunning promise of FALLING INTO YOU, but stands as her worst album in an already uneven catalog of work.  First off, she pads the album with big-name guest stars, and only the Bee Gees come off with any dignity in tact.  The duet with idol Barbra Streisand on 'Tell Him'comes across more like a who-can-outsing-who marathon rather than a great record, and the Pavarotti duet is just idiotic--the two artists are too different vocally to ever gel into a melodically pleasing duet track.  She also attempts a channeling of Toni Braxton on 'Why Oh Why', and the results are mediocre--sorry, but nuance isn't exactly a staple of Dion's vocal work.  Other snoozers include both Corey Hart-produced tracks('Miles To Go' and Where's The Love'), as well as the awful remake of an already bad song, 'When I Need You'.  On the very small plus side, the Bee Gees track 'Immortality' is very pretty, and she steps up the tempo to great effect on the reggae-styled 'Treat Her Like A Lady' and the club thumper 'Just A Little Bit Of Love'.  She also provides career high vocal work on both 'To Love You More' and the ubiquitous TITANIC hit 'My Heart Will Go On'.  Unfortunately, these few bright spots can't make up for what on the whole is a totally mediocre display of Dion's considerable vocal talents.
0451527046|5.0|I remember attempting Treasure Island as a young boy and thinking it boring.  Clearly I was an undisciplined lout and did not give Stevenson's writing style a chance to take hold.  Plow through the first 30 pages and you'll be hooked.<br />This is an exciting adventure story for all-ages (there is a bit of violence but I suspect your boy will not be permanently scarred).  Stevenson does an excellent job of catching the reader's imagination and first pulling then propelling him through the many adventures of young Jim Hawkins.  It is a quick read and I assure you that you will not miss the evening or two of television viewing sacrificed.
B00003CXXI|5.0|This has been the best movie I have seen in a long time.  Made you laugh the whole way though.  I would definately recommend this movie to anyone.
B000023VR6|5.0|a classsic but i liked the old chronic better, dre still got it though, the beats agr not as ghetto as the previous cd the chronic, but still a classic, loys of guests on this cd like eminem, xzibit, kurupt, snoop, mary j blige, kokane, nate dogg, and others. but one thing was where was daz, and lady of rage they should have been on here.
6303686745|5.0|This movie, although released in 1964 is, in my opinion, one of the most terrifying movies I ever saw.  What this movie shows in sometimes graphic detail what happens when we (the United States), create the ultimate system against war and yet that same system becomes our adversary rather than our ally.  What I mean is this system named &quot;Fail Safe&quot; plunges the U.S. into a war with the Soviet Union.  What I like is when the the President (Henry Fonda) tries to assure The Premier of the Soviet Union (in the movie the Soviet leader is referred to as, &quot;Mr. Chairman&quot;) through his (the President's inturpreter &quot;Buck&quot; played by Larry Hagman) that  the attack on his country (the Soviet Union) in general, Moscow in paticular,was an accident through a number of conversations via the offical &quot;Hot Line&quot; between Washington, D.C. and Moscow. In the meantime the Secretary of War, played by Walter Matthau, insists that we (the U.S.) should obliterate the Soviet Union including Moscow, from the face of the earth.  The conclusion is exciting because we (the U.S.) have to sacrifice New York City because by that time Moscow and the Soviet Union are wiped off the face of the earth.  I would highly reccommend this video to anyone who is into war and political movies.
0345350499|1.0|I heard so much hype everywhere about how wonderful The Mists of Avalon was. I was sucked in to believing it. Good thing I only got it from the library instead of buying it like I almost did...I was extremely disappointed. The story was so drawn-out and I waited and waited to see if it would become interesting or exciting but I went all the way to the end and...nothing. There was absolutely nothing wonderful of what other people saw in it. Reading it was the worst struggle I've ever had for any fantasy book, mainly due to it being so thick and so boring.<br />There was far to much emphasis on the fight between Christianity and the fading Celts. There wasn't one page that did not have some reference to religion. Of course, I have nothing against religion, but this book was just disturbing... Marion Zimmer Bradley appeared to be 'trying' to portray the two clashing religions positively, but instead she seemed to...taint them. It horrified me to wonder if perhaps some people might think that the way she portrayed religious beliefs are the way they actually are. I'm also unhappy that my view on Morgan is now ruined because of this book :(<br />There was also not much mention of what was happening with the men in the book. There was hardly anything about the wars, Excalibur, etc. So if you want anything to do with the real Arthur legend...you'll be sadly disappointed, so don't bother.<br />I thought maybe I was just unlucky with The Mists of Avalon, so I tried reading another Marion Zimmer book (The Firebrand, a re-telling of Troy)....BIG mistake. It followed the exact same pattern as the Mists, that I swear I was reading the same one again, just half the length.<br />So all-in-all I was extremely disappointed by this book and it didn't get anywhere near the expectations I had for it. I do not recommend it; it's a waste of time and money. Who wants to sit and read a huge book that doesn't go anywhere? I don't.<br />But then, everyone has their own opinion, and that's just mine. Hope it helped.<br />ShatteredCrystalChalice
0790734850|5.0|This movie is awesome!  Russle is the man and Spacey is excellent!
B00005B1EX|5.0|Halford has always been one of my top two or three metal vocalists, along with Dickinson and Dio.  But I really thought his best days were behind him.  While I liked the studio version of Resurrection, it didn't grab me with the same intensity as this double disk.  Metal God indeed!  A great selection of Fight songs, Halford solo stuff and Priest tunes.  Excellent choices on the later to include songs like &quot;Stained Class&quot; and &quot;Tyrant&quot; instead of the more predictable JP hits like &quot;You've Got Another Thing Comin'&quot;  The band is tight as they can be as well.  The guitar solos don't exactly redefine the genre or anything, but it's all very competent.  This is an exciting release!
6305609705|5.0|Wow, what a great movie.  It holds value to it while at the same time taking on a at sometime comical mood, and at others a creepy mood.  A great movie overall, the scenery is GREAT!  The explosions are awsome and the footage is beautiful, trust me, you'll love this movie.
B00003CWLF|5.0|Unbelievable that this film did not receive the glory due. The story is presented beautifully touching on many aspects that I was not previously aware of. The costumes, cinematography, the lavish &amp; tropical sets, the cast -- all extraordinary. I definitely thought this to be one of the all-time feel-good movies. It was also surprising to find that Thailand banned the film. I thought the director presented it in the most respective of manners showing great strength and strength of character in its king. It is uncanny to dismiss the fact that a woman may have had influence on a man, king or not. Ultimately, the king made his own choices as clearly seen in the film. Does it show lack of strength that a man, already with so many wives, could find love in another? This movie will be watched time and again at our home.
0790749815|5.0|When it came to making movies filled with intrigue, murder and suspense, no one did a more convincing job than Alfred Hitchcock. I've watched this movie many times, and I am pleased to say that I never get tired of watching this. It is perhaps one of the most exciting films ever developed with a brilliant screenplay and a star cast. Now it is a treat to obtain this classic film on dvd, which includes behind the scenes information. Roger Thornhill, played by Cary Grant, becomes the unsuspecting and innocent victim. He is kidnapped by two mysterious men in the beginning of the film, who take him to a mansion. They believe he is an government agent, and Thornhill must attempt to clear up the entire mess he soon becomes involved in.
B000002P5W|5.0|This is a classic album in all sense of the word. Are you looking for a scale of Hendrix albums to compare it to forget it. Every Hendrix album you would buy and listen to sounds completely different and not a rehash of the last one. While the &quot;Are You Experienced?&quot; album is a must have in your collection otherwise don't bother listening to music but let's not forget the most overlooked album in the Hendrix EXP catolog Axis:Bold as Love. This album(Hey we're in the CD and MP3 age but I like saying album.)was put together with great care by mixing engineer Eric Kramer and Jimi Hendrix himself. Meaning Jimi was behind the mixing boards and saw to it that the sound of the live EXP was translated to source tape.(What you just thought he played guitar and sang?) So when you listen to &quot;Axis&quot; it is definitely as Jimi intended. This album has indian influences which is a good thing.(Jimi was part Cherokee.)  1st track &quot;EXP&quot; will delight your eardrums as Jimi and his UFO fly from your left &amp; right speakers and beyond. &quot;Up from the skies&quot; plays smoothly and blast right into &quot;Spanish Castle Magic&quot;. &quot;Wait until Tomorrow&quot; a funny blues track which is one of my favorites. &quot;Little Wing&quot; is short beautiful and gets to the point. &quot;If 6 was 9&quot; and &quot;You got me Floatin&quot; has the blueprint of funk music all over it. &quot;Castles made of Sand&quot; tells 3 stories everybody can relate to. &quot;She's so fine&quot; is a song with Noel Redding on vocals and Jimi only to glad give Noel the guitar solo his song needed. &quot;One raining wish&quot; is the calm before &quot;Little Miss Lover&quot;(My Favorite on constant repeat.)my comment on this song is this;turn your stereo knob all the way up and break it off!!! Final title  track &quot;Bold as Love&quot; tells you that love is just like the axis that holds and rotates the planet earth guitar solos included. Jimi Hendrix on vocals and guitar,NoelRedding on bass and Mitch Mitchell on drums. It is not very often that you have albums that are good from beginning to end so do yourself a favor and  BUY THIS ALBUM and keep yourself floating!!! Now if you excuse me I must be onn myyy wayyyy!!!!! \m/
B000002UB3|5.0|What is left to be said about &quot;Abbey Road&quot; that hasn't already been stated? Quite simply, this is one of the greatest rock albums of all-time. While Side One (Tracks 1-6) is somewhat inconsistent, the glorious Side Two (Tracks 7-17)is absolutely stunning. The long medley beginning with &quot;You Never Give Me Your Money&quot; is a textbook study in songwriting, production and  dynamics. Filled with musical peaks and valleys, excruiating tempo and key changes, the medley is the most exciting musical journey that the Beatles -- or anyone else for that matter-- have ever taken us on. Ironically, songs like &quot;Polythene Pam&quot; and &quot;Carry That Weight&quot; are actually unfinished snippets that probably would have little or no impact on their own. However, in context of the medley, they become quirky gems forever etched into rock history. But, that is the beauty of &quot;Abbey Road&quot; -- the way Beatles magically transposed a bunch of fragmented song bits into a sweeping, grandiose artistic statement. While albums such as &quot;Revolver&quot; and &quot;Rubber Soul&quot; are arguably stronger overall, nothing in the Beatles catalog tops the beauty of Side Two's medley. The melodies, the ensemble playing and the production were the finest of the Beatles' career. Sadly, by the time &quot;Abbey Road&quot; was released the four Beatles could barely stand the sight of one another and would soon part ways. &quot;Abbey Road&quot; stands as a beautiful swan song -- one that left the world forever longing for more. A true masterpiece.
0441008356|5.0|This is a spectacular first novel that truly takes on the mysteries of 'life, the universe, and everything' in a manner that is compelling and fascinating to contemplate. I initially was confused by the variety of timelines and storylines, but the author does a fine job in tying things together not only for the plot, but in the speculations about the progress (or lack there of) of intelligent life in the universe.<br />The slow revelation of facts about the long deceased Amarantin culture on Resurgem is paralleled by political upheavals that in retrospect mirror some of what the Amarantin culture itself underwent. The intrigues and science taking place on the lighthugger spaceship &quot;Nostalgia for Infinity&quot; are worthy of a novel by themselves. But it is the complexity of the intertwined stories that truly make this a book of the highest caliber. Highly recommended for those interested in the &quot;Big Ideas&quot; of science fiction, rather than just action thrillers.
B000050FEN|5.0|Seven is a great move, one of the best I've ever seen.  Brad Pitt and Morgan Freeman are excellent.  The movie is has a fast pace and is never dull.  It's filled with suspence and mystery.  Blus the DVD comes with all kinds of great extra features.
B00004SCX6|4.0|I bought this CD last year when Stronger came out over here in the UK and I have to say I was pretty surprised.  I was expecting just loads of immature songs that just repeat themself over and over again and then you just get sick of them.  Instead there is a bunch of R&amp;B influenced tunes and some songs are really catchy like What You See Is What You Get.<br />The best song on the album is I'm Just A girl<br />The thing that annoyed me though was the middle part of the CD just gets so boring and I have never even listened to a whole song in the middle.  Still a good CD though!<br />Also the songs at the end are a bit boring, but I've never listened to them fully so I guess I can't judge, <br />When's Britney gonna bring another album out?<br />Britney has a good personality so that is why it has 4 stars and she isn't a big head like other stars.
0375703861|4.0|I thought this was a wonderful book about power and dominence and how the balance of those forces can shift: England over India; parents over children; men over women; old-world values and traditions over the new world's.  And poor Samad is at the center of it all.  Although India hasn't been England's &quot;jewel&quot; for more than 50 years, he can't keep English culture from infiltrating his family.  He doesn't have the expected control of his wife, and his children haven't listened to him in years.<br />I also thought it was very funny and even enjoyed reading about the characters I disliked (the Chalfens).  Every character rang true.  Well worth reading.
B000000H4A|3.0|I can't understand why people have called this King Diamond's best record. One of the most harmful things you can do to a good artist like King Diamond is to insist that one of his moderate efforts is one of his best. To be sure, the music is good, and the songs carry a creepy charm. But this record certainly DOES NOT represent his best efforts. I share the common opinion that his best records are &quot;Them,&quot; &quot;Conspiracy, and &quot;Abigail.&quot; Not only is the music well done and intense, but the lyrics redefine horror. &quot;Abigail&quot; especially is constructed the way a good book would be. (A normal start, gradual recognition of frightening events, a chilling flashback, the terror from the past gradually working its way into the present, and an end that crowns all.) I will expand on common opinion a little by saying that &quot;In the Shadows&quot; falls into his 2nd best category. &quot;In the Shadows&quot; displays good musical intensity, lyrics that grab your attention, and overall a good consistency. &quot;Fatal Portrait&quot; like &quot;Melissa&quot; falls into the 3rd best category. Both &quot;Fatal Portrait&quot; and &quot;Melissa&quot; display a creepy charm and moderate but good musical skills. But they IN NO WAY come close to the pure musical intensity and terror that King Diamond offers us with &quot;Them,&quot; &quot;Conspiracy,&quot; &quot;Abigail,&quot; or even &quot;In The Shadows.&quot; This IS a good record. And it IS worth buying, but don't put yourself under the impression that this is one of his best.
B00000J7SO|5.0|I didn't buy this record for many years because of poor editorial reviews.  However, some good reviews on Amazon changed my mind.  <br />This album is AWESOME.  I think the only post-1967 Dylan record better is Blood on the Tracks.  <br />Dylan's words and singing are mysterious, smooth, and ingenious as only Dylan can be.  The band is terrific, the sound simply transports you back to the glory days of 70's classic rock.
B000002V0Q|3.0|3 stars does not make a bad record. It's a good record so to speak. But, to call this one of Megadeth's best is close to absurd. Between \\"Peace Sells...,\\" \\"So Far So Good, So What,\\" and \\"Rust In Peace,\\" Megadeth had established themselves as a supreme rival for Metallica. What happened here was that Metallica released the # 1 seller Sandman record. (overrated in my opinion) This kind of upset Dave Mustaine, and he swore he would make a record that was better. In my opinion, he succeeded, (but I myself don't like the black Metallica record, so I may not be saying much.) Generally speaking, when you make a record for mass appeal, you spread yourself out for the sake of appealing to larger groups. Well, that said, this is my opinion. 'Skin Of My Teeth\\" is a nice opener. 'Symphony of Destruction' is one of the powerful moments. 'Architecture of Agression' is alright. 'Foreclosure of A Dream' is a nice song. <BR>'Sweating Bullets' is strange but interesting. 'This Was My Life' is also an alright track. 'Countdown to Extinction' is another one of the high points. 'High Speed Dirt' sounds like an attempt to stay heavy, but the magic of former records is not there. 'Psychotron' is pretty much in that category as well. 'Captive Honor' is interesting, but again, it sounds like they are trying to recapture the past without much success. 'Ashes In Your Mouth' is another high point on the record. Generally speaking, this is an alright record, but at the same time, it's hard to really really like it when it followed \\"Peace Sells...\\" and \\"Rust In Peace.\\" I think it's alright for groups to try new things now and then. But in my opinion, it is also harmful to the group when fans insist that one of their moderate efforts is one of their best. I also think people need to stop excusing commercial records by saying the group has matured. If groups give up their edge, that is not maturing. The literature of William Shakespeare and Charles Dickens actually got more frightening, brutal, and intense as they moved on. Just look at Shakespeare's \\"Macbeth\\" or \\"King Lear\\" or Charles Dickens' \\"Our Mutual Friend.\\" In terms of Megadeth, I will say the 3 essential Megadeth records are \\"Peace Sells, But Who's Buying?\\" \\"Rust In Peace,\\" and \\"The World Needs A hero.\\" The 2 strong runnerups are \\"So Far, So Good, So What\\" and \\"Hidden Treasures.\\" I'll place \\"Countdown To Extinction\\" in the same category as \\"Risk.\\" They both are attempts at something different, they both have something interesting to offer, and they both have their moments. They're both alright, but I can't call them essential.
B000001DV2|5.0|I just want to say that I really like &quot;Adrenalize&quot; from Def Leppard.  It's a very easy album to listen to.  All but 4 songs were released from this album, proving that this album had staying power not to mention, a lot of great songs.  &quot;Let's Get Rocked&quot;, the albums' first release is just your kick butt, loud rock song, and the video is over the top.  Other songs released were &quot;Make Love Like A Man&quot;(in which there's a little rap in the song), &quot;Tonight&quot;, &quot;I Wanna Touch You&quot;, and by two favorites from this album,  &quot;Have You Ever Needed Someone So Bad&quot;(which did really well on the charts hitting #9), and &quot;Stand Up(Kick Love Into Motion&quot;(which is probably one of my Def Leppard favorites) I mean I never stopped listening to it back in 1992.  The album itself peaked in the top 10 in 1992.  I have always liked Def Leppard, and this album is probably the reason why, this is one of those albums that you are glad you have in your collection, and I'm glad it's in mine. This albums' grade in an A-.
B00004YYDI|5.0|I only recently viewed the DVD release of one of my favorite movies, &quot;Leon,&quot; aka &quot;The Professional.&quot; The DVD version was a real treat; I got to see the scenes which were removed from the domestic release. I don't know why the domestic distributor would remove these particular scenes. They helped explain and deepen the relationship between Leon and Mathilda. This must have been their way of &quot;dumbing-down&quot; the movie for us moronic American moviegoers.<br />Bottom line: if you've seen only the domestic version of this movie, you owe it to yourself to see the European version. It only makes a great movie better.
B000050XEI|5.0|This is an excelent CD, the muisc and audio is excelent
6305531374|5.0|Halloween H20 is easily the best of the Halloween sequels. It starts off very well (and scary)with Nancy Stephens reprising her role as nurse Marion Chambers (from the first two films)From there the movie just keeps on getting better up until the excellent (and jaw droping) finale. Jamie Lee Curtis does a wounderful job of reprising her role as Laurie Strode. She shows us why shes the great actress that she is. Also Josh Hartnet(now of Pearl Harbor fame)did a great job as Lauries son. This was the movie that really put him on the map and he does a wounderful job. The best thing about H20 is that it totally ignores the past few sequels, which for the most part were nothing special. It acts as if 1 and 2 were the only other films which I think is a great idea. But there were just a few things that bothered me. One being that at times the movie seemed to focus on too many &quot;false alarms&quot; rather than real terror. That really bothered me. You think that something really freaky is gonna happen, but then it turns out to be just a false alarm. The other being the short length. Running in at only 86min it just seems like it goes by really fast and i would have liked to see alot more. Most people think that Halloween 2 is the better sequel of the two. While I can see why some people would think this, to me it is no different than parts 4,5, or 6 simply because it is an all-out slasher film.  I mean michael just kills everyone in his path while in the original and H20 he hunts for just Laurie and a few other kids.But dont get me wrong I still think it is an enjoyable film for what it is. To me H20 is the Ultimate Halloween sequel,and the ending I think is one of the best ive seen for the type of movie that it is and with Jamie Lee back you cant go wrong. Highly recommended!! I must say that the DvD is kind of dissapointing featurewise as it does not contain the commentary track that is shown on the back. But at least the Picture and sound are good. It doesnt even havethe trailer!
B00000IPAX|5.0|The title of this review says exactly what I think.  I don't care if people think Blink sold out (they did NOT) and I don't care if some people think this album is more pop than punk (its NOT).  Enema of the State is a great CD. Here is my synopis of the songs on the CD with a rating from 1 to 5, 5 being the highest.   <br />1: Dumpweed (5/5) Great intro, funny lyrics and incredible guitar.  2: Don't Leave Me (4/5) This song is really good, but really short; the lyrics in the liner notes are barely a paragraph! 3: Aliens Exist (5/5) Awesome song that shows exactly what Tom is thinking 4: Going Away to College (5/5) My personal favorite (check out the live version on the Mark, Tom and Travis Show) with lyrics that are so very true. 5: What's my Age Again (5/5) A very, very, very good song with incredible guitar.  I hate the fact that their video has caused everyone to think that they are &quot;always naked&quot;.  6: Dysentery Gary (5/5) Weird lyrics, but a very solid arrangment 7: Adam's Song (5/5) Amazing song that dares to step into the very scary world of suicide with simple lyrics that touch the heart in a surprising way. 8: All the Small Things (5/5) Great song with a award winning music video. 9: The Party Song (4/5) A good song with a solid chorus, but the verses are sang so very quickly that it is hard to really like them.  10: Mutt (4/5) An okay song that I like, but there is nothing really special about it.  11: Wendy Clear (5/5) Great song with words that I don't really understand.  12: Anthem (4/5) A nice ending with a good message but I like Anthem Part 2 (Off of Take Off Your Pants and Jacket) much better.     So there you have it.  I like the CD a lot and it will not disappoint you.
B00005JKHP|2.0|Some Star Trek fans like to kid themselves that this is a good film,but the fact remains that almost every scene is overlong.<BR>For example,in the wormhole sequence Chekov is ordered by Decker to \\"fire the photons\\" at an asteroid and then another whole minute goes by before he fires it.<BR>If Nick Meyer had been directing,it would have taken 5 seconds.<BR>Robert Wise's slow and beautifuly artistic style is not suited to such a comic-book story.<BR>The same goes for the Klingon sequence,the Enterprise flyby,the flight through V'ger and so on.They are all overlong.<BR>Two other BIG mistakes were 1-Spock is made to be cold and distant at first and by doing this,they destroyed any hope of the Spock,McCoy,Kirk chemistry getting going 2-As one special effects man said:\\"if you are going to promise something big around the corner,then you better deliver it\\".The \\"nemesis\\" turns out to be a \\"lonely little spaceship\\" called Voyager which reduces the film to a tiny and very weak TV plot.<BR>They remade The Changeling episode when they should have remade The Doomsday Machine.<BR>Leonard Nimoy showed them what a mistake this was when he directed ST4 and kept it's nemesis mysterious and unknown,a far better idea.<BR>I give this boring film 2 stars for the eccellent documentaries,but the film is still the best sleeping pill in town.
B00005O5N1|5.0|I liked this movie so much!  Everything was so realistic, not &quot;hollywood&quot; type. And it was funny, and a fast movie. Plus I love the british accents. Renee Zellweger did an excellent job, totally beleivable!  Recommend seeing this with girlfriends!
6304286961|5.0|Amazing movie... fun to watch and a total trip. (Seriously, this movie gives me a contact-high every time I watch it!)  Val Kilmer is really great and of course the music is awesome.  Oliver Stone is quite the visual weaver.  This is a great film for anyone interested in the Doors - and if you're not?  This film will GET you into them.
0312954468|5.0|As an avid reader of Wilbur Smith's novels it is hardly surprising that he would surpass every expectation that one would have after reading previous perfections.  A mystical and vibrant saga of eternal love entwined with the harsh complexities of war.  The rise and fall of an empire, a brilliant combination of fiction and reality which brings the reader to a pinnacle moment of breathlessness.<br />The characters are superficial yet preternaturally familiar.  Taita's sharp wit, has the ability to captivate and inspire.  The main plot is structured around Taita's mistress \\"Queen Lostris\\" who is majestic yet appealing to everyone from the esteemed Pharaoh to the humble slaves.  The story takes piercing twists throughout the novel and leaves the reader in absolute awe!!<br />Tanus' character is richly interwoven with that of a modern day Romeo and an ancient spellbinding connoisseur of the art of love. His loyalty and devotion to his Pharaoh is nothing short of admirable, A true \\"Braveheart\\".<br />A brilliant book from the trilogy, A deffinate recommendation along with Seventh scroll and Warlock.
B00003CX5P|5.0|All real Star Wars fans saw this in the theater. Not everyone loved it as much as the trilogy. This is because these Episodes are like one big movie, cut into 6. The beginning of movies isn&#8217;t always the most exciting, but it is very important to set-up the story line.<br />. . . . I will be the first to admit that Lucas' added humor (jar jar, singing number in ROTJ, ewoks, etc.) isn't always Steve Martin material, but hey it adds culture to the movie.  <br />I think Episode one was very important in the story line and set-up for Episode II \\"Attack of the Clones\\". This movie is like a computers 101 class. You mainly learn the basics and Key Terms so you can excel in the next class. Examples are the scenes of the Jedi Council, the Senate meeting, Darth Maul and beginning of the Emperor, etc. Also mentions of Mediclorians, the gambling nature of Jabba and most species on Tatooine, introducing R2-D2 and C-3PO for the \\"first time\\". <br />There are so many of these things, it seems imperative that everyone buys this DVD. I am sure it will have plenty of \\"Making of the Movie\\" and maybe even sneak peaks at Episode II. Which I hear is a big possibility, hence the reason for the delay. Because if the DVD comes out in October, everyone will have it by Christmas and 3 or 4 months later Episode II will be out and have 3-4 months of Hype behind it. It is standard marketing not a cheap ploy to get you to buy both VHS and DVD versions.<br />I personally can't wait and have this on pre-order already. I also own the VHS. But like everyone else will buy the DVD for the extra features and better quality of Video.
014028009X|5.0|I loved this book!  This is one of those, I just got dumped and all boys suck, kind of reads.  You need a glass of wine, chocolate, and your favorite blanket to read this one.  Made me proud to be a strong, independent, beautiful woman.  Bridget goes through so many life altering experiences, all the while making sure she counts her calories.  Hilarious!  I highly recommend every woman between 18 and 35 read this immediately!
076790382X|3.0|Bryson is a funny writer, you know this. This is, strictly speaking, not a book: it is a collection of Mr Bryson's columns written for a Sunday newspaper in UK. This puts certain limitations: the author has to keep his stories brief (not necessarily a bad thing, but prevents him from looking deeper into anything), AND - what is much worse - Bryson shamelessly uses British stereotypes about Americans. There is not much value in this: it is a basic newspaper columnist trade, putting popular talk into snappy language. <br />There are, however, many brilliant Brysonesque passages with insightful observations that make the book worth the money. Despite style which is mildly repetitive and thus irritating and flashes of hypocrisy (making a fortune out of his books does not prevent Mr Bryson from denouncing the system which pays him and which he exploits so skillfully), the book makes a pleasant read.<br />Sometimes it feels that Bryson should have been a stand-up comedian. However, Bryson's TV series broadcast in UK, based on his book about Britain (&quot;Notes from the Small Island&quot;), was a sad flop and yes, he should stick with writing - but not newspaper columns.
B00004YKUY|5.0|I am a serious Journey fan, and have been for twenty years. Loved Steve P., but was annoyed at his arrogance and controlling nature. Steve A. fits the musical style of Journey. I preferred the old Steve's voice, but the new band brings a whole different energy to the music. These guys are SO happy to be together. This happiness really is reflected in their music. You have to see them live! My wife and I saw them at the Greek theatre in L.A. last night. The experience of thousands of people singing classic Journey songs together is something I will not soon forget. VERY POWERFUL, and moving to experience such a positive event. There is so much anger in music today, it was a nice change. Incredible music and show. Thank You Guys! You have arrived........
0380713802|3.0|Although the book is loosely based on Bryson's old and new travels through Europe, you learn remarkably little about the continent. This is because Mr Bryson himself is too preoccupied with high cost of orange juice in hotels and memories of his teenage travels with a flatulence-happy friend to notice anything of interest.<br />Shallow anti-German and anti-Austrian outbursts do not add value to the book, and neither do annoying complaints about the costs of food in Scandinavia. Firstly, Mr Bryson is hardly a man who finds it difficult to afford a pizza anywhere in the world, secondly, his leftist admiration of extravagant social provision in Denmark somehow does not translate into understanding where all the money comes from.<br />This is a funny book, but you cannot help noticing that there was no need for Mr Bryson to travel to Europe: he could have produced something equally funny from his weekend trip to a supermarket or car dealer.
B00001OH7M|5.0|Having read the general bottom lines of the reviews I decided not to buy the album at first. However - as life plays - I got it as a birthday present from my beloved sister anyway. I must tell ya: the album is great! <br />   Okay, I admit it: If you just want to have 45 minutes of other Space-Oddity-style songs the album will be disappointing. In fact the title &quot;A Space Oddity&quot; is fairly misleading since the rest of the tracks have nothing to do with the so-called &quot;carrying song&quot;. But if you can accept this fact you will be able to enjoy some very interesting music. Sure, some of the stuff is still fairly amateurish, especially the recordings themselves (no fancy equipment yet I guess). But it gives the album this special kinda flair. These are some of the first works of Bowie, at least some of the first official recordings. Reading that he is still trying to define his style makes me laugh a little bit! Since when does Bowie have a style? He went to so many transformations, I dunno where there is a style? Unless that is you can only identify Bowie with &quot;Ziggy Stardust&quot; . If you do - you know your album (Pitty, pitty - you are missing a lot!). But Bowie ain't only Ziggy Stardust! That's the fun thing about him in my opinion. To see/hear how he has developed over the years...<br />   The album consists out of a number of very charming, sometimes amusing, sometimes baffling numbers. My personal favourite is &quot;Wild Eyed Boy From Freecloud&quot;. Kinda creepy lyrics. In fact I usually skip the first song (Space Oddity) because it just somehow does not fit to the rest of the album.<br />   I recommend you to give the album a try after all. Open up you mind, don't expect stuff ala &quot;Space Oddity&quot; and you should be able to enjoy this very charming record!
B000002UUX|5.0|When I bought this album, I wasn't sure what to expect from Mustaine and his boys. Having already purchased the quite sintilating Countdown to Extinction (my favourite 'Deth album), and the mediocre, new look Megadeth album World Needs A Hero, I wasn't entirely sure what to excpect. What I got, though, was value for money at $9, and Mustaine, Menza, Ellfeson and Freidman on top of their game! Wherever they went wrong on their previous records, now was the time they made ends meet.<br />Rust in Peace, released in 1990, marked a new decade, which I see as the birth of many great bands (Pantera, Nirvana, RATM etc), and the &quot;re-birth&quot; of Megadeth. With Rust in Peace, this album changed the course of the band totally, and in the following years, they came up with some scorching records, such as Cd. to Ext., and Youthanasia, with my favourite track, A Tout Le Monde. <br />Onto the album itself, and it opens with one hell of a tune, by the name of Holy Wars... The Punishment Due, which in itself, gave me an outline of things to come later on in this album. The intro riff is very memorable, with a good build up to a couple of cracking solos executed by Dave Mustaine. The next song, Hangar 18, is in my words, one of the best songs the boys have made. The melodic intro and fill riffs are, lets say &quot;untypical&quot; of Megadeth's usual chuggy metal they come up with, but Dave has used this effect to his advantage, giving one of the albums best tracks. The solos in H-18 are exceptionally good. Sublime, if I may say so w/o breaking copyright laws! I could go on for hours picking out the good, and the odd bad, bit from every song, but instead I will say that this album has many songs similar to the first two, not quite as good, but similar by all means. Such as the anti-faschist freedom-fighting anthem Take No Prisoners, the, again &quot;untypical&quot;, melodic magic tune Lucretia, and to cap it off a stunning song, Rust In Peace, which gives a brief summary of things to come later on. The only minor critisism I would like to make is that there are no convincing acoustic, slow, moody songs that compare themselves with the likes of A Tout Le Monde, Foreclosure Of A Dream and the kind, which let me down a bit. A classic heavy metal album needs at least one or two soft songs, in my opinion. And, at times, they seem a little unsure of the tempo, which I think is a small disappointment. But on the whole, this is a Mega album from the 'Deth!!!
0783113943|5.0|this movie was great.  angelina jolie did an incredible job with this.  i can see why she one the golden globe award.  the movie is the life of super model gia who spiraled downward into the abyss of drugs.  her beauty could not save her from the hold of the drugs.  a great movie.  gia would be proud.
B00003CXRM|3.0|I thought the movie could have been better. George Clooney was one of the better characters, and some of the scenes were good, others slow, but I found the music to be just about the best part. I would like to see the DVD extras, they'd help boost it some.
0515125024|3.0|Holly Johnson is a spunky FBI agent who is suddenly snatched off a Chicago street while picking up her dry cleaning.  She also happens to be the daughter of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.  Jack Reacher is in the neighborhood, and he is kidnapped along with Holly.  Do the bad guys immediately kill him just as they kill almost everyone else they get their hands on? Of course not!<br /><br />\\"Die Trying\\" deals with a right wing militia based in (where else?) Montana, led by a disgusting villain named Beau Borken.  Borken wants to set up his own country, since he is convinced that the United States has become a corrupt and unfriendly place.  Kidnapping Holly Johnson is just one element in his master plan to lash out at the United States government.<br /><br />Borken and his henchmen do not take Jack Reacher's skills into consideration when they decide to let him live.  Reacher can shoot any weapon, and he has an encyclopedic knowledge of trajectory and bullet speed.  He is a tremendous marksman and can kill anyone with his bare hands in a matter of seconds.  Reacher can almost always anticipate what the bad guys are planning and he generally comes up with a clever plan to stop them. On top of all these qualities, he is fearless, compassionate, intuitive, and loyal.<br /><br />\\"Die Trying\\" is extremely violent, even within the conventions of this genre.  Not only is the body count very high, but the people who die do not go gently into that good night.  They often suffer agonizing and gruesome deaths.  Beau Borken is a hissable villain, although he is so obviously insane that it is hard to imagine why anyone would listen to him.<br /><br />Although this is a fast moving and action-packed thriller,  the plot make little sense and the characters are one-dimensional stereotypes.  Child has written what is basically a macho fairy tale for fans of escapist adventure novels.
B000002UB3|5.0|Only the Beatles could produce a throw-away album at the end of their career and *still* produce more great songs than the best efforts of most bands. It's simply amazing how many gems can be found on this album. Two of Harrison's greatest compositions: &quot;Something&quot;, and &quot;Here Comes The Sun&quot;. An amazing three-guitar jam (&quot;The End&quot;) in which McCartney, Lennon and Harrison trade guitar licks, and show that any one of them could have filled the lead seat in any 60s guitar band. Plenty of inventive McCartney tunes with witty and inventive lyrics, like &quot;She Came in Through the Bathroom Window&quot;- a song that made a great hit for Joe Cocker some years later. And hard-edged Lennon songs like &quot;Come Together&quot;.<br />And it all flows well together, thanks to George Martin's production. Maybe not the best of the Beatles' albums, but a great album in anyone's book.
B00000J6AG|5.0|I heard a few of Moby's pieces as comercial &quot;jingles&quot; and was hesitant about buying one of his CDs.<br />My mistake. Mobey's work is as orchistrated as Aron Copeland. Absoluteley beautiful.<br />Get this CD.
6300214559|5.0|I have been trying to track down a copy of this movie ever since I saw it back in 1986.  I went to the movies with my girlfriend and we cried for hours afterwards.  We then took her sister a few weeks later and started crying half-way through. I think the love story between Jane and Guildford is even better than Rose and Jack in Titanic.  I can't wait until my copy arrives here in Australia.
B00000BKDZ|4.0|Don't get me wrong. I like 7th, the evil that men do is a super classic song. only the good die young is great too. however, can I play with madness sounds weird, I feel  like the band is tired. moonchild is also so so. this is the beginning of the end-no, wait, brave new world, just published, is a GREAT album, I liked it much better than 7th. please do listen to it, I would recommend it instead of 7th.
B000000FG8|5.0|This album is, in my humble opinion, one of the greatest examples of punk that has ever been recorded.  Sure it's got ska elements but make no mistake you stupid teenie-boppers who think you know punk cause you just got the new blink 182 album or something, this is punk! this music represents everything that punk is and should be, op ivy's songs are about unity, social change, and the incomperable freedom which music provides all of us.  And for all of you who didn't think this was hard enough, did you even listen to the whole thing? check out the last track &quot;I Got No&quot; now that is a punk-rock song.
0671027573|5.0|Linda Howard brings passion and tenderness, faith and friendship. The characters were real, and the plot had you on the seat of your pants. If you are looking for a hot romantic suspense, dont look any further. Thanks, Linda, keep it up.
0553812173|2.0|If you took out the words grin, grinned, and grining, this book would be about half as thick as it is.
B00000DRA9|5.0|I love this cd it's the best one.It makes you feel like you are in the movie alot.I give it 5 stars for the best touching cd and movie .And it's my favorite 80's fantasy movie in the whole world. Colleen.
B000002MP2|5.0|With their Brit accents Green Day sounds like what might have happened if the Beetles did punk music...<br />I don't care what you say, punk music is definately not pop, SO in essense, this is definately NOT &quot;pop punk&quot;.<br />Dude, this is like the best CD ever. The lyrics are so totally cool, and the voices...<br />Long live Green Day and Blink 182!
B00004RE7C|4.0|As long as you don't analyse the storyline in too much detail you will really enjoy the film. It starts straight off from where `The Wrath of Khan' ended and shows us how the crew are handling the death of Spock. We get to see Klingons for the first time in the movie series with their leader played by Christopher Lloyd. With spectacular special effects in space and on the sound stage the DVD transfer comes alive. As normal with Paramount DVD's however, the extra material is practically no existent.
B00004T40X|5.0|Although I normally don't consider this a good idea, I bought this album having not heard even a second of it.  That's quite a gamble, considering this CD is so [pricey], but based on the reviews, I knew I couldn't go wrong.  And, I was right.  I'd just like to take the time to thank everyone who reviewed this album, without you I would not have discovered this incredible band.  The best way I can think of to describe them is this: imagine if Dream Theater made a power metal album.  This is what it would sound like.  It has dueling guitar and keyboard solos, which are unbelievably fast, much like DT, the drumming is fast and complex, also like DT (although not as good, but then few drummers can match Mike Portnoy), and Tony, the vocalist, even sounds a lot like James LaBrie.  Most of the songs are pretty fast most of the time, but they do slow down just the same, and the two ballads (\\"Replica\\" and \\"Letter to Dana\\") are both amazing.  I'm not sure what my favorite is, because as I said before, I'd never heard any of these songs before, and they all blew me away.  My three favorite bands are Iced Earth, Iron Maiden, and Blind Guardian, and I think SA could easily become number four, if not higher.  If you like any of the bands I've previously mentioned, you must buy this album.  I don't care what you have to do to get it, but do it, because it is more than worth it.  I also recommend Steel Prophet, for a similar sound.
B000002JKA|5.0|Being a well sought-after musician for many years, I am always being bombarded about other people's opinions.  One person thinks this, one thinks that... all of them are based on the same low-level thinking that most musicians succumb to.  These type of people fail to notice how musicians like John Petrucci, Eddie Van Halen, Steve Vai, Joe Satriani, and many others, try to break free from that musical border to set new boundaries on things.  &quot;Awake&quot; is full of that pushing-the-limit type musicianship, and if people like Adem ever get brave enough to push past these little limits set upon them, they can see the genius in such work.        Dream Theater is one of the greatest bands ever to walk the face of the earth.  The only way you'll realize such great ability is if you try and break free from limitation.
B000002U82|5.0|Pink Floyd is one of my favorite bands. This is mainly due to my view of what music is. I don't look at music as a way of becoming a rich celebrity... music is a form of artistic expression. Pink Floyd had the brass cahones to take that same approach, and this album is my favorite out of their repitoire.<br />Pink Floyd's works during the Waters/Gilmour era were conceptual works... Very few of their albums had more then one or two radio-friendly songs because the music was written around a central ideology, and most of their albums are basically one long musical peice with different movements. Dark Side of The Moon is no exception.<br />The central theme of Dark Side is daily trivialities, and how pointless and meaningless they can be, but how much of a profound impact they have on us. Each song deals with some trivial problem we deal with daily... the feeling of isolation, the persitence of time and aging, anxiety, the pressures of a money-driven society, personal and political disagreements, and the fear of death. All these thoughts culminate into a grand climax at the end of the album, showing how these trivialities can pile up on us, driving us mad in the process (&quot;Brain Damage&quot;). Then the retrospective &quot;Eclipse&quot; closes out the album stating the basic theme and idea... everything can be in place and perfect... but one small thing can get in the way and ruin it all... much like the moon eclipses the sun.<br />Pink Floyd was the only group, in my opinion, to do psychedelic rock correctly. This album, among all their others, is almost a transcendental experience. It's truely a mental journey of discovery and self-awareness. Sonic Art at it's finest!!!
B000002TQV|5.0|This review is of course written with the benefit of 6 years in retrospect since Radiohead released &quot;The Bends&quot;. But at this point the album sounds to me like &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; album, basically each track being a classic (similarities to Oasis' &quot;Definitely Maybe&quot; come to mind... each track there also being a classic in retrospect).<br />From the opening sounds of &quot;Planet Telex&quot;, this shows &quot;Brit Rock Invasion&quot; at its best. &quot;The Bends&quot; (the track) just rocks, giving way to the tender sounds of &quot;High and Dry&quot; and &quot;Fake Plastic Trees&quot;, perhaps the best track on the album. You know all the songs by now. &quot;My Iron Lung&quot; is another fave of mine, as is the last tracak &quot;Street Spirit (Fade Out)&quot;.<br />With the different sound/avenue in the last year of &quot;Kid A&quot; (which I love) and &quot;Amnesiac&quot; (which I don't &quot;get&quot;), the real question for us Radiohead fans is... where does the band go next? If you know... you know more than I do.
6305910103|5.0|Second of the feature films and first in the Genesis storyline and still one of the best Star Trek films.  Contains a good script and acting, excellent music score and neat special effects especially near the end of the film. After watching this film a number of times on video it so nice to watch this film with a decent Dolby 5.1 soundtrack. The film really comes alive with this extra dimension.
B00005KHL0|1.0|This movie is not good.  ...  Past mindless complaints, this movie is fairly plotless, and riddled with idiocy.  For instance, why does the killer spend three-fourths of the movie standing around as scary music plays?  The horrors of men standing in silly masks, save me!  Save your laughter for the scene in which his standing theme resembles the sound of a jet propulsion system.  Also, pass the time wondering why Jamie Lee Curtis does not figure out that the killer is probably not dead when she stabs him in the thigh.  While this might kill some, he has already survived a coathanger in the eye and a long needle driven into his ear, so you might not want to turn your back.  She does, so he can try to kill her again.  Also, the killer is generally more impotent than pre-Viagra Bob Dole.  Real killers hang in movies like \\"Welcome to Spring Break.\\"  ...Skip Banacheck is a better hero than Jamie Lee any day.
B000002KBU|5.0|Blue is a masterpiece of vocal wonder, poetic beauty, a personal journey which takes the willing journeyman into her personal darkness and light. Her ability to evoke an emotion with a simple change in tone is perfected on this very personal, beautiful and heart-wrenching work.  Joni is at her best on this work as she moves us through her poetry and insight.  Coupled with an angelic voice, it is a work of wonder that is painfully beautiful to hear.  Let yourself take it in and carry it on.  Beauty speaks for itself.
B000001G16|4.0|For Richie Sambora, life without John Bon Jovi actually went okay.<br />Richie proves with this album he has great musical talent. His haunting guitar riffs are the soul of any Bon Jovi song, and th songs on this album as well. This entire album has soul, deeply felt blues, and hits a very strong cord for anyone whose ever been alone on the road or away from the one they love.<br />&quot;Stranger&quot; is not the type of album I'd buy normally. I like Richie's guitar, he's one of the best from my generation of musicians. It's a great album to have on alone, looking out at the city and finding that inner wandering spirit.
0395925037|3.0|When reading this book it is important to keep a perspective about the times in which it was writen.  I enjoyed the book even though some of it got repetitious.  Hitler goes from being viewed as an out-of-work down-on his luck Bum, to a dedicated soldier, to a crazy mastermind and a compulsive Manic-Depressive. It's real easy to get inside of his head as he pretty much writes whatever seems to come into his mind at the time. I read it at the same time as two other books in order to give me an historic perspective.  It is important to know your history to fully enjoy this book.
1572522232|1.0|Okay I was all hyped up to watch this as soon as i recieved it in the mail and boy was I let down hard. Did the people that reviewed this movie here watch the same one I did ? This movie was terrible from the start! Whats with that... annoying soundtrack? You can't even make out what the fools... are saying half the time! What style filming are the reviewer's talking about also? There is none. Possibly one of the worst horror movie's ever made.
B00004XOWM|3.0|I haven't heard all of 3 dollar bill, what many people say is the best of the three albums.  I really like Significant other.  I don't really like this.  Here's a rundown of the tracks with a rating from 1 to 10.<br />Intro--not funny like significant other, dumb.  Rating--4<br />Hot Dog--Stupid, unneccesary, liberal use of the word f**k(48 times)  its dumb, its crap, and it shouldn't be on the CD.  Rating--1<br />My Generation--Pretty much the same message as most of the other songs:  F**k you and the whole f*****g world.  Its fun and the middle's pretty good.  Rating--6<br />Full Nelson--Song about Fred whining about people going behind his back.  Stupid ending with BURN THOSE M---------S OUT!!!!!!!!! Rating--3<br />My Way--Hit single, actually the first song I really liked.  Really repetitive, but its catchy and he only swears 2 times!!(I don't have anything against swearing in CD's, its just Fred does it to much.) Rating--8<br />Rollin'(air raid vehicle)-- Another hit single, its good, and its fun to listen to, but anybody that says this or any of Limp's songs on this album are artistic needs to get their head checked.  Yeah, I like the song, but its nothing great. Rating--8<br />Livin' It Up--Fred's ...attempt at rapping turns into a good song.(Fred, you're not eminem, and you're not black, OK?) I like the middle part, I think that's Limp bizkits strong point in this album, the middle.  Rating--7<br />The One--Favorite song on the CD.  A slower one, with good lyrics about Mrs. Right.  Really good, and mildy artistic.  Rating--9<br />Getcha Groove On--Much Needed relief from Durst with a great part for Xzibit, one of the most talented rappers out there.  Fred isn't bad in this one though.  I like the backbeat and the melody(Thank you DJ Lethal!!)Rating--8 1/2<br />Take A Look Around--Good song, again repetitive but lots of lyrics and Wes actually does play more then 2 riffs.  Rating--8 1/2<br />It'll Be Ok--Too repetitive but good song.  Ok lyrics, and its got anice slow rythm to it.  Rating--8<br />Boiler--they just made a dirty video about this song.  Again, its Fred whining about somebody leaving him and his problems with it.  Neat beginning.  Rating--7 1/2<br />Hold On--Slow, great song, with fantastic singing from Scott Weiland.  Its really good, but it just seems like it never ends. Rating--8<br />Rollin--(Urban Assault) Better then air raid because of pretty much the whole wu-tang clan coming to rap with fred.  Its good, and DJ lethal shows the skills.  Rating--8<br />Outro--dumb. Rating--1<br />Skills of band members-- Fred Dursts(frontman)--5 Wes Borland(Guitar)--1(I'd give him lower if I could Sam Rivers(bassist--10(Only talented musician in the band) DJ Lethal(DJ)--8 John Otto(drums)--7(he needs to join a band where he can show his skills, not just provide beats.)<br />Overall, its ok, fun to listen to, but nothing great.
B000002ADT|1.0|C'mon, this stuff is a drag! If you have to 'acquire' a taste for this stuff, then it hasn't hit you right off, which is what great music does. No waiting for the effect....great music says HELLO!!!.....not....Shhhhh.....it's time for sleep! One reviewer compared this to Dark Side of the Moon, but at least on DSOTM, Pink Floyd had the sense to add the alarm clocks to stir you. Closing time music for the droll and lifeless. One star out of pity!!!
B00005JG6Q|5.0|Ten years ago, the Akira movie on VHS was some some obscure object of search, seen on 6th or 7th generation copies due to a lack of distribution. Once the internet gave us the chance to get imports we could not help to cry watching original videotapes. Now Pioneer's effort to restore this movie's original grandeur is simply breathtaking. Every single detail on the drawings, color subtleties and perfect digital video transfer, spectacular remastered, THX-Optimised audio. Every Otomo fan should have this one. Even the menu interface make this item a collectible. I hope to get the chance to buy the limited edition 2-disc set with the making-of. A must-have!
0395925037|3.0|To truly understand Hitler, one must read his manifesto, not someone elses opinion on the man &amp; his ideology. He outlines his plans for Russia, the Jews, and the 3rd Reich. What gets me is that when he came to power in 1933 the rest of the world didn't take him seriously. Did Stalin even read Mein Kampf? While he is one of the most notorious figures in the 20th or any century for that matter, there are few world leaders that have matched the depth of his dedication evil though it was. Hitler was the rarest of birds in the political arena-The true believer &amp; this is evidenced by his actions. This book reads more like a collection of twisted thoughts without any specific order rather than a work with any sort of continuity. The last thing I have for Hitler's actions is admiration, but one must be objective when reading a book by so notorious an author, then make your own judgement.
0440539811|5.0|Philosophy, numerology, kaballah, mystery, science fiction and fact, sex, love and rock-n-roll. I have read this trilogy at least 15 times. My copy is so dog-eared that I have had to stick the cover back on with contact paper more than once. I have underlinings in the text and practically more notes in the margins than there is text on the page. One of my favorite books of all time!
0316286850|5.0|I was at friends house the other day and she was showing me some picture of her and another friend of ours doing \\"Glam\\" shots. I was stunned when I saw a picture of her that looked just like Clara Bow, silent movies famous IT girl! They had used this book to do it.<br /> The next day I went and bought this book. I was incredibly impressed with it from start to finish.<br /> Now for those who complained that Kevin didn't give name brands and exact color shades to buy, come on you guys! Do you really need to know every single item you should buy? If you need that much instruction these books are not for you! All you need is a a good sense of your own color to use his ideas to your best advantage. Besides Kevin makes it clear that these colors are not going to work on every skin type so you should using his information and enhance it to fit your own skin tones.<br /> I would never wear some of the colors he suggested because I am too pale but I did use his guidlines with colors I already had and my friends had a fit over the change. I've never worn much makeup except to perform but with Kevin's instructions I could enjoy wearing makeup every day and not feel like some painted clown!!!<BR> <BR>This is still one of the best books around for make-up common sense and how-to. Get it because there will be no more books from Mr. Aucoin who tragically died in May of 2002. It is shame that such a gifted, kind and loving person should be gone so soon. I would have bought his books for the rest of my life given the oportunity. His whit and sense of humor is delightful and a joy to read while learning the ins and out of make-up.
B00000AFWW|1.0|This woman has no talent, can't sing, and didn't write the songs.<br />I couldn't make it past track one without wretching.
B00005LLK8|5.0|This is a great movie about a boy 11 yrs old who takes an interest in the ballet classes when his boxing teacher lets the ballet class share the gym. One thing leads to another and he gives up boxing to take ballet lessons. This takes place in a mining town in the north of England NOT IRELAND.The miners are out on strike and when Billy's father finds out about the ballet and is told by the ballet teacher that Billy has talent and should audition in London. All the miners when they hear about Billy take up a collection  to send him there. A great family movie if you overlook the swearing,and you can if your ear is not tuned in properly.
B000002TWN|5.0|...this is somethin' supreme to lissen to...he opened the floodgates for a whole new era in urban music and many lesser artists are extremely grateful! brother D gave re-direction to the entire musical platform with this album and that is an incredible achievement! he did it again with his VOODOO follow-up, but the lesser artists are just too damn scurred to attempt anything that honest and artistic.
B0000508U6|5.0|What can I say to add to the, at this writing, 233 other voices of mostly praise for this wonderful album? I know ... it isn't often one hears a pop song in 6/8 time, which &quot;Shiver&quot; is. And though the comparison isn't the most obvious, I hear strains of Beethoven and Schumann in the ubiquitous &quot;Yellow.&quot; How refreshing to hear someone in pop music that can display a deeper understanding of the principles of music than Common time, Tonic and Dominant, and Forte.<br />Also, listening to Coldplay can be a fun game of spot-the-influence if you want. While they're very much their own band, there is evidence of some seriously disparit musical inspirations: REM, U2, Led Zeppelin, and Elton John leap to mind, as well as the apparent Dave Matthews and Radiohead influences, which have been written about extensively elsewhere. (I think they might be Joseph Arthur fans too, but I may be pushing it there.)<br />The bottom line? Buy it. If you're at all disappointed, then maybe music just isn't among your interests. Personally, I can't wait to hear what they'll do next.
0451196716|4.0|Unlike most previous reviewers, Im not a devoted fan of King.  I remember reading something horrid by him many years ago and deciding that he was just a hack writer and not worth my time.  But recently I found myself curious about Kings appeal so I picked up The Long Walk, not one of his more mainstream titles.  And Im impressed.<br />Within the first few pages, King manages to setup an entirely surreal situation and he does this with little explanation up front.  Instead, he feeds readers small pieces of information throughout the main body of the story.  Of course, he kept the answers to many questions from the reader  when this story takes place, what drove society into such a state, etc.  But perhaps that makes the story that much more interesting and riveting.<br />Bottom line:  Ill go for any novel that really proves to be a mind-trip and this is one of them.  This is a fabulous novel and has truly changed my opinion of Kings talent.<br />Other great mind-trips:  A Hard-Boiled Wonderland And The End Of The World by Haruki Murakami, The Bridge by Iain Banks and Marabou Stork Nightmares by Irvine Welsh.
B000051VWW|5.0|I waited patiently and she delivered.  Singing her words like only she can do and touching my heart and soul the way she's always done.  Welcome back, You were worth the wait, Sade.
0671004611|1.0|What good is any of this? I can understand now why people burn books, because all they do is mess with people's heads.
B00000JCOV|1.0|This is definately one of the worst CD's I've ever heard in my life. Mindless screaming of meaningless lyrics and saying that it speaks for our generation...Okay. It is obvious that none of these 9 members has much talent - I mean, 2 of them just play a beer keg and 1 member is like a manager-type person. And the lead-&quot;singer&quot; does nothing but scream his head off. If you want talent, get an old Metallica CD.
B00004U8P3|5.0|Ah,  \\"Jurassic Park!\\" A classic comedy of our time and the definitive satire on nuclear warfare! The first time I watched this movie I found myself chortling and rolling on the ground and foaming at the mouth! Foaming at the mouth? you say? I'll tell you why I was foaming at the mouth! Just think of Grant trying to buckle his seatbelt! And the raptor eggs, what a riot! Sam Neill delivers the performance of his career in the role of a lovable and dull-witted paleantologist with great support from his peers (Richard Attenborough, Jeff Goldblum, and the timid Mr. Arnold). Defnitely a classic of the 90's--and all time!
0767802659|5.0|This is a great change of pase from all the other Sci fi out there. When I first saw the adds for the movies release I said &quot;not a chance!&quot; But I was persuaded by a friend to go see it and I'm glad I did. This movie has it all. A great story,A great plot. And Fantastic special effects! They are flawless when seen in the theater. But some of the effects are obviouse at home. None the less it's a Fantastic film!! Another great bonus is that there is very little swearing in the movie. For an R rating this is a wonderful plus. It makes the movie that much more enjoyable.   So I highly recommend it to one and all.<br />                                        Enjoy!
B000002OVJ|5.0|First of all, any self-respecting music fan shouldn't have to read this (or any of these) review of Live at Leeds, they should already own a copy.<br />The snide comment a previous reviewer made was that it wasn't a 'greatest hits' live album must have been out to lunch, and he still hasn't come back.  Sonically and performance-wise, it simply doesn't get much better than this.<br />Although I've got my favourite tunes on the album (Fortune Teller, Summertime Blues, Shakin' All Over), it's solid from beginning to end, and truly shows you that while the Stones had the strut, and Zeppelin had the albums, nobody did it better than the Who in a live setting.  The rhythm attack of Keith Moon, John Entwhistle, and Pete Townsend created a beast of a sound over which Roger Daltrey could let fly without ever having to worry about whether or not the band could keep up the intensity.<br />Check out this slamming version of &quot;Magic Bus&quot; and just try to go back to the studio recording.  If you're not a Who convert, you will be after this.
B000002UAR|5.0|When I first sat down and listened to this CD, I didn't think all of the songs lived up to my expectations of &quot;the #1 album of all time&quot; But, after listening a few more times, I started to truly enjoy this album for all of the great songs it does have on it. I'm still not to fond of &quot;Dr.Robert&quot; or &quot;Tomorrow Never Knows&quot;, but most of the songs on this album are classics that will live on forever to many generations of music fans.
B0000009SE|5.0|This is one of Zappa's very best albums. The long instrumentals are inspired, with exciting solos and excellent compositions. George Duke's keyboard work created a very appealing feeling to the instrumentals which was lost in Zappa's music after he left.  The two vocals are fantastic. &quot;One Shot Deal&quot; contains some genuinely wise lyrics. The two vocals will stump almost anyone who hasn't heard the album--no one identifies them as Zappa until Frank enters with a German-accent vocal line part of the way through &quot;One Shot Deal&quot;. This is one of the best fusion albums of all time, much more musical than the jazz groups who were trying to cross over into rock at the time of the album's release.
B00005B4GU|5.0|Amnesiac is a brilliant album from start to finish. It is more melodic than Kid A, but it has the same uniqueness that makes all Radiohead music so great. If you liked Kid A, you'll love this album. It may take a few listens to really appreciate the greatness.
6305897786|5.0|Movie Summary: Dean Corso is a rare book mercenary who'll do almost anything for his percentage. He believes in his percentage and it is what drives him. Dean is summoned to the private library of a very wealthy publisher. There he is offered a huge payday if he will authenticate the publishers copy of  very rare demonic book. There are only three known copies of this book left. Dean is to take the publishers copy and compare it to the other two existing volumes. As soon as Dean leaves the publishers office, his world changes. There are things going on that Dean does not understand. He must be very careful if he is to discover what is really going on.<br />My Opinion:  This is an awesome movie. It's deep and dark and creepy and has a sense of humor. Many things are hidden in this gem. To find its greatness you have to work though it. Many people don't like to do this especially when they are expecting entertainment. Don't be surprised if you don't understand it on the first viewing. It's not that kind of movie. It's not from the point of view that we are used to, so we distort what is going on to make it fit what we are used to. Dean Corso is not a good guy no mater how hard we try to see him as one. I tried. I rented this movie and ran out in the next two days and bought the book and the DVD. It's a kick in the pants. Listen closely to some of the music. It doesn't fit the scary scenes at times. I thought it goofy at first but really like it now. Johnny Depp is at his best fiddling with his glasses as Dean Corso. Maybe he'll let you borrow those glasses so you can see what is really going on too.<br />DVD Quality: Widescreen anamorphic - 2.35:1, DD5.1. Audio and Video are great. Extras include commentary, Making of Documentary, Production Notes, and Trailers.<br />What You Should Do:  Buy this DVD if you can handle working at a movie. The payoff is worth it. If you haven't seen it yet, then don't read any more reviews or spoilers. Jump right into the movie. Don't ruin it for yourself. If you have trouble with deep movies that need some work to figure out, then you should steer clear of this one.<br />Related Movies To Check Out: Jacob's Ladder, The Sixth Sense, Rosemary's Babyuin it for yourself. If you have trouble with deep movies that need some work to figure out, then you should steer clear of this one.<br />Related Movies To Check Out: Jacob's Ladder, The Sixth Sense, Rosemary's Baby
B000002UB3|4.0|This will never, in my opinion, be as good of an album as &quot;Revolver&quot;, &quot;Sgt. Peppers&quot; or &quot;Rubber Soul&quot;. I have to agree with a lot of people...the best songs on this album are &quot;Something&quot; and &quot;Here Comes the Sun&quot;  I also do enjoy &quot;Oh! Darling&quot; and &quot;I Want You&quot; because they have a good Rock &amp; Roll feeling to them. &quot;Maxwell's Silver Hammer&quot; and &quot;Octopus Garden&quot; are kind of stupid, but still amusing enough to listen to. Definately the worst songs on this album are &quot;Because&quot; and &quot;Sun King&quot; -very drab and boring sounding! The last half of the album consists of short songs that all sound different, but seem to go together very well. If you were expecting an album of 17 full songs, you might be a little dissapointed at first, but once you listen through a few times, the &quot;medley&quot; will begin to make a bigger impression on you.
0060254920|5.0|This book is SO good.  It's one of my favorite of all time!  You can read it hundreds of times without ever getting sick of it.  I love this book.  I don't know anyone who doesn't.
B000002UAR|5.0|This really is a brilliant album, from Harrison's great sitar playing on 'Love you To,' to the gorgeous harmonies of 'Here, There, and Everywhere,' to the lyrical loneliness of 'Eleanor Rigby.' Some of the songs are essentially repeated on the later Sgt Pepper album. 'Good Morning, Good Morning' sounds a lot like 'Good Day Sunshine.' 'Love you To' sounds a lot like &quot;Within You, Without You.' Even 'Yellow Submarine' sounds as if it could have fit comfortably on the Sgt Pepper record. <br />What all this means is that Revolver was very innovative for its time and probably deserves to be right up there with Sgt Pepper in a list of the most influential recordings from the 1960s.
B00005AAFS|4.0|I didn't like this album as well as &quot;Sehnsucht&quot;, but it does have some good tracks on it, the best ones being &quot;Mein Herz Brent&quot; and &quot;Mutter&quot; Some of the songs start sounding old after a while, but it is still better than a lot of other new metal albums you could buy.
B000002G0P|5.0|A powerful, faith-filled and inspiring musical masterpiece... It really does the business in combining rock with decent lyrics and orchestration...<br />Few can contradict the blatant faith that runs through some of the songs and particularly &quot;Am I Ever Going To Change&quot;.  Just save yourself the aggro and get born again now...it'll either have you heading down the bar to get blasted or weeping at the feet of Jesus !  Its wonderful to hear top notch rock with such spiritual depth to it...Cherone really does the business with his voice on this one...if you are or were a Stryper fan (who are they ?), its a must have.
B00004YKUX|2.0|First of all, I love Johnny Cash.  The previous two collaborations with Rick Rubin (&quot;American Recordings&quot; and &quot;Unchained&quot;) rank with his best work ever and stand head and shoulders over anything produced by the so-called &quot;contemporary&quot; Country &amp; Western artists recording these days.<br />Having said that, everything that worked on the previous two releases doesn't quite seem to get it done, here.  The Tom Petty tune covered on &quot;Unchained&quot; (&quot;Southern Accents&quot;) seemed as natural a fit as a well-broken in pair of boots...but &quot;I Won't Back Down&quot; just doesn't work for Cash's range.  &quot;Solitary Man&quot; is a step up, but &quot;That Lucky Old Sun...&quot; and &quot;One&quot; sound forced (and worse still, the most powerful voice in the history of American Music actually sounds weak, strained, and indeed as sick as Johnny Cash was reported to be shortly after &quot;Unchained&quot;'s release).<br />On the other hand, the duet with Merle Haggard (&quot;I'm Leavin' Now&quot;) sounds great, with Haggard's voice in considerably better form, and some quality pickin' provided on the six-string, too.  Cash's cover of Nick Cave's &quot;The Mercy Seat&quot; is actually the most powerful track on this CD, but the theme of the song (adding ammunition to those who oppose the death penalty) and the whirling operatic piano accompanyment add the most to that equation.<br />&quot;Would You Lay With Me (In A Garden Of Stone)&quot; is a poignant song, which I believe sums up the story behind this album:  Johnny Cash is a very, very sick man...and this album sounds more like the musings of someone who is &quot;getting their affairs in order&quot; while preparing to depart this world.  This, then, is one of the saddest records I've ever heard, and for all the wrong reasons.  It's not the way I would choose to remember Johnny Cash.  Anyone interested in listening to his 1990's sound would be MUCH better served with &quot;American Recordings&quot; and &quot;Unchained&quot;.an Recordings&quot; and &quot;Unchained&quot;.
B000002GJ7|5.0|A joy and a pleasure to listen too...heavy and technically excellent.  Its much less flowery and posey than &quot;we want to be a rock band&quot; debut but that still excellent...we're talking relatively here, I've given them all 5-stars !! Many tongue in cheek songs...Get the Funk out is probably the best song ever written !!<br />Some great confessions of faith in the songs underneath the surface, this was their first L.P. to fall foul of devil-serving record shops who refused to stock it as it was &quot;too christian&quot;.  Ironically though this helped sell it and make it the most commercially successful...&quot;Hole Hearted&quot; and &quot;More Than Words&quot; dominate a superb L.P...buy it and all the others too.
6304007523|5.0|Years after seeing this movie, the above line just popped up to my consciousness. It may be the most significant - meaningful line of the entire film. It reminds me to keep on trying no matter what-any other choice could bring me to wind up a no man or a street bum. It is what this film is all about: A man's struggle to achieve something very hard he would be proud of in his life, or in the movie's words - 'going the distance'. Rocky will forever seize my imagination as an example of a man who had fought his fight and won it.
B00004Y6NV|4.0|Dire Straits was a great album band, a fact that got obscurred from the success of numerous singles from their 1985 mega platinum album &quot;Brothers in Arms.&quot;  &quot;On Every Street,&quot; the long awaited follow up and the band's swan song released six years later, was not nearly popular because it returned to the band's strength, namely stong songwriting without necessarily including the kind of pop hooks that please a mass audience.  Not to say there aren't some really good songs.  &quot;Heavy Fuel,&quot; is a funky guitar piece where the narration is similar to &quot;Money for Nothing.&quot;  &quot;The Bug&quot; will remind you of &quot;Walk of Life&quot; if you let it and numerous other songs creat a strong impression.<br />Overall, &quot;On Every Street,&quot; is a strong Dire Straits album that is weakened only by a couple of filler tracks late in the proceedings.  It should be fulfilling for fans and enough to hold the attention of more casual listeners.
6305252521|1.0|Out of briefly reading other customers reviews I suspect I am radically different in my opinion from the rest. With that in mind, read this carefully and consider whether you ride my wave or not.<br />The truth, it's one of my biggest disappointments from a movie in the last couple of years. I'd waited eagerly to see what everybody were so enthralled with, and 'fell on my face'! More than that - I almost fell asleep! It was so boring you can't imagine. I don't understand what is there to be so chilled about. Maybe, the weirdness of the movie is the thing that made it so appealing, I can't come up with anything else.<br />Those who have seen it and loved it, would never find anything true with what I write, others would accept it cheerfully. I think it's the kind of 'really loved it', or 'really hated it'- the movie generate some kind of an emotional response. It's whether you ride the bullet or not.<br />In regard of the plot itself, I leave it to Jeff Shannon and his fellows. What I would like to say ,is that ,before hand, I'd thought the idea was fantastic - to dramatize a person's life into a fable ,aiming to show us how deeply our lives are dictated by the media without our attention. I came out so short it was 'devastating', so far away from my vision of it...  You can spare yourself from the disappointment.<br /> If you're in doubt about seeing/hiring/buying this DVD, ask yourself this question: Do I like/enjoy unconventional movies that are, supposedly, hard to understand literally, sometimes speechless and quiet, have a slow pace that's causing me to run my brain on neutral, maybe, in order to come up with something insightful about this life?
B00005K3OT|4.0|About a lady picking up and moving to different towns. She embarks this town, where they pretty much disregard and try to run out anyone who is different from them (non church going, etc).<br />She comes by and opens up a Chocolat shop, around Lint and Easter mind you. So she's as evil as they come (as this is set in the 50's), according to most of the town's people. Needless to say she manages to keep her shop open and stay in town, even though all the town talks about her and her child.<br />Eventually she makes friends with a few (also black sheeps of the town) and helps them out with a few situations. And in the long run they all come around and keeps her in town, as she decided it was time to move on.<br />I recommend the movie, it's nice, it's family orientated. It's a drawn out but pleasant.
B00003CXAR|5.0|This is an all time favorite of mine. It's just when I use to see it on regular Television or on a Movie Channel, I heard a dubbing sound where Richard Dreyfuss is examining the first victim and when they cut to the part when he lifts her hand (on the DVD) he said &quot;Now this is what happens...&quot; (?) and then they cut to another piece of dialogue that doesn't flow with that scene. On Television or on a Movie Channel they would dub in &quot;And this is what happens when a shark attacks.&quot; I think that's what it said. But I know a dub when I hear one.
6305232660|5.0|This film gets off to a terrible start, with a completely unbelievable plot device that has an astronomer die while rushing down from his observatory with news that the just-observed comet will strike earth a year in the future.  It don't work that way folks--  It would require observation over a period of time just to determine the orbit of such an object, but I guess that's not exciting enough for formula disaster flicks.<br />However, once we get that out of the way, we end up with a story about a junior tv journalist that stumbles into the biggest story of all time.  Tia Leone's performance is greatly reserved and very believeable with just the right amount of hesitation.<br />The pace of Deep Impact is brisk and we have none of the idiotic excess that totally ruined Jerry Bruckheimer's trashing of the meteor/asteroid/comet theme in &quot;Armageddon&quot;.  Instead, we get a sympathetic and somewhat realistic &quot;what if&quot; that has some very sympathetic characters, many of whom to not survive.<br />Good quality digital effects and great music by James Horner combine to produce one of the better quality &quot;disaster&quot; films.
B000051VWW|4.0|Some things change, but ultimately remain unchanged in matters of the heart. &quot;Lovers Rock&quot; is like the voice of an old lover who has been neither seen nor heard in eight years. Welcome and familiar, but somehow mature and changed. None of which are bad things. The commercially viable 'By Your Side' and 'Every Word' I found adequate as a re-introduction to a familiar face. Some of the 'string noise' can be a bit grating, but as comforting thinking of a lover in your living room as glancing at them in a cafe, but stands on their own poetry and sense of longing. 'Immigrant'and 'Flow' are perhaps some of the most interesting songs on the cd...haunting vocals and serious drum beats yet available. 'Lover Rock' says all it desires to lucid and guiltless. 'Its Only Love That Gets You Through's...constant organ and light piano, suggest a gospel savoriness. 'Somebody Already Broke My Heart' seems to stand apart from the rest in beauty and allure in the way No Ordinary Love seems to express those feelings you're too emotional to speak. Overall, a fine addition to anyones collection!
B00003CXRP|4.0|What a great movie. Tom Hanks was brilliant. I couldn't get over how his character grew, changed and adapted right before my eyes. I was elated when he made fire and I was crying when he lost Wilson - how much more can you ask for?  Great details, fantastic story, Oscar worthy acting.
B00003CXRP|2.0|What could - and should - have been a triumph for Hanks is fatally ruined by one of the poorest third acts ever made.  It is difficult to imagine how this happened, unless (as often) there was studio interference.  See the movie as far as the end of Hank's raft voyage, then turn off the DVD and imagine how well the writer could have dealt with the main character returning to society
B00005M989|1.0|Get the &quot;Hits/B sides&quot; collection...its a much better collection of his music, instead of the same ol plain jane stuff they overplayed on the radio. Looks like its just another way a record company to make a quick buck off of a musical genius. (Especially since he's not getting ANY money for it....what a ripoff!)
0316743003|5.0|If you like big engineering, technology, expionage, crazy military and business stories and the awesome achievements of the Skunkworks, this is the book for you.  It has first hand coverage of the production of the U2, Blackbird and Stealth Vehicles.  The author is easy to read and includes multiple sections with other peoples first hand accounts along with his own.  This book also describes some of the thinking and principled approaches used by Ben Rich and Kelly Johnson in their operational management, project management and sales methods.  Getting a glipse into the way the Skunkworks was run and how it adapted to a changing world is a great side benefit to the raw fun of reading this book.
B00003CXZ4|5.0|Memento is a very inovative movie that keeps you guessing right to the end even if you know who the killer is in the beginning.... wait that doesn't make any sense... it will once you see this one.<br />A &quot;whodunit&quot; mystery what moves backwards... yep that right you see the end of the story in the beginning and the end which is the beginning is the climax. Definatly a must see thriller where it really is impossible to know who the killer is until the end or was it the beginning? <br />Lenny (Guy Pearce) says that no one can be trusted other then himslef... but can forgetful main charactor trust himself?
B00004RFFS|5.0|I was really excited when this movie was brought to TV.  I had always wanted to see it but the subject matter and goryness that I heard it contained prevented me from going to see it.  This was an ideal situation for me because they cut out the gore and left in the story.  I thought it was great!  Never read the books but really liked the fantasy and reality of the characters.  Sure they were vampires but I felt like Claudia and Louis were terrific!  I really empathized with their situations.  I did get a little bit confused around the time they met with the Vampire Actors in Paris.  It made me want to read the book, so I think I am going to :)<br />I don't know if I will try and watch the full version but for those of you that can stomach these types of movies, go for it and enjoy yourselves!
0452282152|3.0|I would be lying if I said I didn't enjoy the two nights it took me to read Tracy Chevalier's Girl With a Pearl Earring; certainly I never lost interest in the story.  But on the other hand, neither did it thrill me in the way it seems to have done for other readers here.<br />Chevalier uses a tactic familiar in historical novels--the story of the commoner who fills in for the reader as an observer of her age and its &quot;great&quot; historical figures--to imagine how Vermeer's most stunning portrait might have come to be painted.  This method works best when Chevalier lets Griet out of the master's studio and into the bustle of the town.  Her depiction of the marketplace, of the tensions within Griet's family, of the hard labor with which Griet fills her days, of the age-old divide between artists and artisans, of the peculiar smells at the apothecary's, of the tension between Vermeer's Catholicism and the &quot;new&quot; church, of the strange mix of terror and resignation that must have been common during an age of plagues--these are the details that make the book worth reading.  If Chevalier had been able to drop the Vermeer hook and just write about Griet's life and times, I think this may have been a much better novel.  (In fact, I liked the ending for the very reason that we get to see Griet the villager moving in her element.)<br />Unfortunately, the sections focusing on Vermeer and his large family do not come off so well.  Each family member plays into a type calculated to serve the needs of the author's story:  the whiny &amp; neglected wife, the salt-of-the-earth mother-in-law, the &quot;good&quot; first daughter, the &quot;bad&quot; second daughter (whose villainous behavior towards Griet strains credibility), and even Vermeer himself, the &quot;genius&quot; artist and stock romantic hero who says little but looks at the world through blazing eyes of gray.  The resulting scenes feel as though they were written with a two-hour made-for-TV movie in mindrather than a novel.  The scene where Vermeer himself, in classic TV melodrama fashion, plunges the pearl earring through Griet's swollen earlobe, is particularly turgid.<br />In short, I recommend this book for those who want a quick, pleasant read; those who like historical romances; and those who want to get some of the flavor of one corner of 17th century Europe.  For those wanting something meatier, I suggest Susan Vreeland's Girl In Hyacinth Blue, which lacks some of Chevalier's strengths (it is a very different sort of book), but leaves the reader with a much more nuanced portrait of the artist and his family, and much more to think about in general.
B00003CXSM|2.0|A wedding planner produces weddings.  But unlike movie or stage producers, the wedding planner is limited by one cardinal rule: do not fall in love with either the bride or groom and thereby destroy the very wedding you're being paid to produce.  <br />On this premise we get a fairly predictable comedy.  Jennifer Lopez,as unlikely a wedding planner as you'll ever get, falls in love with the groom.  Meanwhile another jerk (other than the groom, of course) wants to marry Jennifer.  In the end, despite the movie-makers' overbearing attempt to reach a happy ending, Jennifer, in my view, marries the wrong jerk.  I think it's a movie that ran away with itself, frustrating the original idea.  Since the original idea was to frustrate the wedding planner, it's poetic justice of a sort.<br />Just one of Jennifer Lopez's songs was played as part of the soundtrack.  I think the movie-makers were afraid to fill the entire soundtrack with her songs.  But why?  They would have given the movie extra value. And at the very least, the typical member of the audience could say during the picture: &quot;That girl can really sing, even if she can't act.&quot;<br />-- Tony D'Amato
B00003CX5P|4.0|Episode one is just that, the first part of a serial.  People who claim no continuity don't know there Star Wars chain of events.  There is a reason for every part of Episode One.  The Stormtroopers are not a regression of technology. They came about from the downfall of the droids.  If you remember the achilles heel of the droids is the command ship.  Droids don't make good soldiers, you need living beings.  In the original (Ep-4) there are several references to &quot;The Clone Wars&quot;.  The &quot;clones&quot; become stormtroopers, an entire army of clones.  Princess Leah acknowledges this to Luke with the famous line &quot;Aren't you a little short for a storm trooper?&quot;  Yoda claims Anakin to be too old as an excuse not to train him because he sees danger in Anakin.  BUT! Qui-Gon was right... Anakin IS the one who, as prophecy dictates, brings balance to the force.  Remember Vader/Anakin kills the Emperor, NOT LUKE!  Even Vaders line to Obi-Won &quot;the last time we met... now I'm the master&quot; hints to the prequels, a fight is going to occur in Ep-2 or 3.  With upcoming episodes the evolution of Anakin to Vader will take center stage.  Episode One is a vehicle to bring Anakin to the Jedi.  If you recall the original Star Wars recieved mixed reviews when it was released in the later 70's.  Now it's a classic.  Keep watching you'll grow to love Ep-1 when the other pieces of the puzzle fall into place.  One thing I do agree on... Jar Jar was idiotic pandering to the god of merchandising.  Write him out of Ep-2 post haste.
B00004XONN|5.0|You have to hand it to Radiohead.  After putting out 2 of the greatest albums of the '90's in The Bends and OK Computer, they release Kid A which is and sounds nothing like these other 2 albums.  If this was any other band, this would be a recipe for disaster; however, Thom and the boys pull it off.  Maybe it's because Radiohead is the best band out there in today's music scene.  One can make an argument that this album is pseudo-techno album especially with tracks like Kid A and Idioteque.  Techno is one of my favorite styles of music, so I enjoyed those tracks the most.  Other favorite tracks include The National Anthem and In Limbo.  Yes, it is hard to listen to this album for the first time and get it because it is not melodic even compared to OK Computer and definitely not melodic like The Bends.  Guitars are somewhat absent and one gets the feeling that this is a Thom Yorke solo album, but it is daring, risky, and highly experimental.  I feel that Radiohead pulls it off; however, I still listen to The Bends and OK Computer more and I can understand why other people would as well.  This album is still an essential purchase, though, not only for the music but because this is an album that will be talked for years to come.
6303823351|5.0|I adore this movie! I became a Beatle's fan when the anthology and one cd came out. I've been hooked ever since, so much that I put my headphones on at night and listen to Abbey Road (get that too!) as my calming music. I started going to the movie store and renting the Beatle's movies. I watched &quot;A Hard Day's Night&quot;, and after that, &quot;Help!&quot;. This is sincerely the best movie I have ever seen. It is the favorite present I got for my fourteenth birthday in July. It's filled with tons of comedy and a lot of action. If you want to get to know the fab four, this is a must see. I've watched it over and over again, and I am sure you will too. Rock on!
B000002TQV|5.0|Radiohead's 2nd album, The Bends, is more guitar-friendly than OK Computer or Kid A.  It also has some of their greatest songs.  Fake Plastic Trees and High and Dry are the most well-known.  However, My Iron Lung, Planet Telex, and The Bends are other solid songs.  The entire album is solid -- one that can be listened to without skipping a single track.  It just amazes me how this group can put out a great album like this and then follow it up with an even greater release in OK Computer.  Not as innovative as OK Computer, The Bends is still a highly-recommended album and one that will stand the test of time.  It is not an exaggeration to say that the top 2 albums of the '90's are OK Computer and The Bends.
B00005K3NR|5.0|My very first DVD I ever bought was \\"Carrie\\" and over time I realized what a poor transfer it was and No extras. This is one DVD I'am glad to buy again just for the extra features on the new SE DVD. I hope the transfer is better this time. I gave it 5 stars just because it sounds so good. The old bare bones version I would give 2 stars.
0783211856|5.0|Schindler's List, based on the Thomas Keneally novel (a good read!), is the best film ever made. It is shows how one man in a world gone insane can do what's right. Liam Nieson and Ralph Fiennes give the greatest performances since Malcom McDowell in A Clockwork Orange. This is a vibrant film, filmed in black & white and filmed on location in Poland that is a testament of the human spirit.<br />Liam Nieson plays Oskar Schiendler, a war proffiter, womanizer, Nazi supporter, average jerk who you would most likely hate. Ralph Fiennes plays a Nazi who enjoys killing Jews off his rooftop. After Schiendler sees the way the Jews are treated, he changes his morals and decides to employ them to help them. He saves over 1,000 Jews and becomes the greatest hero (IMO) of the 20th Century.<br />Steven Speilbeg perfectly directs this tour de force on location in Poland. He uses black & white to film this and gives it complete authenticity. This is a very disturbing and haunting film, due to it's acuraute potrayle of life in concentration camps. But, I suggest everyone sees this film. This is, like I said, perhaps the most beautifully made film of all time and definitley the greatest film ever made.<br />\\"Whoever saves one life, saves the world entire\\".  ...
6300274268|2.0|I purchased the DVD of this sometime near the end of May.. at first,I loved it and thought it was a fairly well done DVD.. then I got over that and re-watched it. Oh,where to start? For one,Alice didn't sing about every flipping thing, the Cheshire Cat wasn't in the forest,he was near the Duchess' house (and WHERE was the Duchess,I wonder?).. Tweedle Dee and Dum's &quot;Logic!&quot; line was just sheer idiocy.. The script writers tried to cram all the poetry into the *songs* (example: As Alice is leaving Dee and Dum, they start singing &quot;You are old Father William&quot;). The Spanish dub was.. eh,fair. I've heard better dubs,though, and from what I could tell (and this is coming from a 1st year Spanish student) the songs were translated in a rhyming-sing along style instead of directly translating. (Of course,the translator(s) had to make the words fit the music but &quot;The Unbirthday song&quot; was overkill..) The Mad Tea Party scene was wrecked and the Hatter,who in the book was a witty person, was changed to a Goofy-esque short man with grey hair. *sigh* I could go on about the idiocy of this adaption,but why bother? If you want to see all of Disney's films,then by all means,buy this. But if you're looking for a good adaption of Lewis Carroll's &quot;Alice in Wonderland&quot;,you won't find it here.
0380788624|5.0|&quot;Cryptonomicon&quot; definitely qualifies as an erudite adventure story.  Filled with history, legend, action and technology Stephenson's opus grabs the reader from page one and doesn't turn loose until the satisfying ending nine hundred pages later.  The book spans genre from a Michener-type epoch to an ultra current techno thriller, and makes a great gift item. (Heh, heh. I wouldn't want to risk loaning my copy!)
0790731479|5.0|This film is awesome. The DVD is not what it could be. Warner Brothers must not like special editions or Tim Burton or something. Superman has a special edition DVD. Burton's Beetlejuice does not nor does his Batman films. But this particular Burton film deserves a special editon more than any fim Burton has made. I'm still waiting for a sequel.
B00005M989|1.0|15 TRACKS are on the The Hits/The \\"B\\" Sides collection and more than half of that is one the FIRST DISK ALONE.  I cannot understand why Warner Bros. would put something so general and DARE to call it The Very Best of Prince.  Maybe it's the labeling... \\"Warner Bros.\\" and not PAISLEY PARK/WARNER. BROS. <br />What about \\"Come\\", \\"Mountain\\", \\"International Lover\\", \\"Lady Cab Driver\\", \\"Damn U\\", I can go on and on...
B000059XY5|5.0|I can't describe Tim Burton's films. As with the first Batman flick and BeetleJuice, Batman Returns has elements that are just very cool. The movie is dark, gritty, and in some ways better than the first Batman film. I like how the villains were taken to extremes. I always thought the Penguin was a stupid character since the only reason they called him that was because he had a large nose. The character is improved upon and brought to screaming life by the tremendously talented Danny DeVito. Michelle Pfeiffer is very cool as Catwoman and Selina Kyle. Christopher Walken is very good as Max Shreck even though his roles all seem the same. His character here is similar to the Bond villain he played in &quot;A View to a Kill.&quot; And finally Michael Keaton is phenominal as Batman and Bruce Wayne. He has a knack for making Wayne seem normal despite what he has been put through. Buy this film!
B000001GOZ|3.0|A mixed bag here in Boulez's first recording in this new Mahler cycle - great polish from the Vienna players, the conductor's usual attention to detail, not always found in Mahler performances, and marvelous sound.  But, as Bernstein says in a tape of him rehearsing, where is Mahler?  The notes are there but the sentiment, the feeling Mahler comes and goes.  The first movement generates a nice forcefulness, but then in the cow-bell interlude, Boulez seems lost, not knowing just what this unusual passage is for.  This is unforunate, because it's one of the key moments in the symphony, the essence of memory in Mahler, something that holds the narrative of life and death together in this work.  Whatever spell the performance has gathered is squandered here.<br />There is a nice recovery in the third movement, which is beautifully played.  This is some of the most beautiful, rich, powerful music Mahler ever wrote, and it seems so often to play the musicians, not vice-versa.  But the reappearance of the cow-bells does not have the impact it should since it has not been given proper wieght in the first movement.  And the finale opens with a nice spooky atmosphere, but in retrospect that seems more attributable to the quality of the musicians than the ideas of the conductor.<br />Overall, this is very capable without being special in any way, and that specialness is what a Mahlerian demands.  However, for fans of Boulez, this is an important CD.
B00000DG1R|5.0|Sure, you can never get every great song of Duran Duran's on one cd- there's just too many.  But this cd comes pretty close.  This cd has all the band's major hits - from Rio to Electric Barbarella.  Whenever I need a Duran Duran fix, this is the cd that goes into the stereo.  I highly recommend it.
B000002IJA|5.0|Yeah, this is really one of the best from the BJ-era. Still, the voice is almost the same as BS's, the band is better then ever, so what's the problem with this? Who Made Who and the instrumental Chase The Ace R simply the best tracks on the album, there R no weak ones indeed. Don't hesitate U rock-fan, get this as fast as U can!
6304467540|3.0|The &quot;Godfather Trilogy&quot;, particulary parts I and II, are perhaps the definitive &quot;history&quot; of the Mafia captured on film. The films chart the lives of the Coreleone clan, Vito, the original godfather (Marlon Brando) and his son and successor, Michael, from a panoramic perspective, as Vito lands as an immigrant nine-year-old from Sicily in 1901, up to his rise as an influential mob boss, until the death of his son Michael in the 1980s. The first film is undeniably the best, containing a number of tense encounters, with Brando exuding tremendous charisma as Don Corleone, the man who makes you &quot;an offer you can't refuse&quot;. The second film is inferior, with a lot more bloodletting, though it may be confusing for those who haven't seen the first film, with its use of multiple flashbacks. Top honours have to go to Robert De Niro in the role of the young godfather, Vito Corleone, even though he doesn't appear with Al Pacino in not even a single scene. The third film, (originally planned as &quot;The Godfather III: The Death of Michael Corleone&quot;, is by far the weakest, though, but it does work up to a great finale, with a massacre being elaborately intercut with an opera performance. The three films' production values, (direction, cinematography and Nino Rota's magical score) are all of a top standard. A particularly unique way in which the films defy convention is its portrayal of the Mafia killers, extortionists, blackmailers and thugs as doting fathers and affectionate family men with a strong sense of justice and loyalty, though this is also accomplished at the cost of portraying their lives as violent, risky, cruel, unstable and inevitably tragic.
0385484518|5.0|Although Morrie died, his teaching lives.  If you read this book with your heart, you'll never be the same.  You'll see the beauty in your soul and others' as well.
B00003CXDB|4.0|A young stockbroker, played by Charlie Sheen, is divided between his loyalty to his father (portrayed by his off-screen father Martin Sheen) and the desire to rise in the stock market by participating in various illegal, and inevitably dangerous, activities. Oliver Stone directs with almost a journalist's eye for the losses, the defeats, the shady goings-on, the scandals and the honours that transpired in the &quot;me&quot; decade of economic collapse amidst mounting corporate ambitions and dreams of avarice. The moral and psychological dimension, especially in Sheen's character's Faustian aspirations in conflict with his conscience, is superbly wrought as well, and the performance of Michael Douglas (who won a Best Actor Oscar, 1987) as the megalomaniacal stock-market shark, Gordon Gekko, Sheen's mentor, was undoubtably the pinnacle of his career.
B00000IREA|5.0|This movie is so irredeemably awful that I almost couldn't bear to watch it three times.  If you have ever watched Plan 9 from Outer Space, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, or MST3K, you are in for a treat.<br />Imagine a distant future in which the universe is run according to a campy combination of 1960's political correctness and 1960's masturbatory fantasies.  Now imagine Jane Fonda as Barbarella, rocketing through this universe in her groovy shag-carpeted spaceship, getting into all kinds of scrapes and rewarding the men who save her in her own special way.  Just remember that this is eye- and brain-candy; if you try to make sense of any of it, the Matmos will suck your brain out.<br />This is especially a must-have if you want to see Jane Fonda taken down a notch, and what sentient being doesn't?
B00005J73X|2.0|Being a serious Bon Jovi fan, I can not understand how over rated is this album by so many customers. This album is a mediocre live attempt and quite frankly one of the worst live albums i have ever heard.  Ignoring the number and selection of the tracks, the work of edition, and the terrible sound of the album this basically is a commercial product intended just to make millions of dollars out of musical conformism. This is not about music, not about professionalism but strictly business. I am completely sure that this band could have made and produced a so much better album taking into consideration that they would have to deliver a professional work to the fans that have supported them through the years and made them millionares. If you hear the live b-sides of the cd singles recorded before the these days album youll hear a totally different attitude and sound. Right now, this band is not longer about rockn roll. I think that all music customers should be more critic and demand quality in what we buy, but it seems that this is not happening anymore.
0385501560|5.0|I have, thus far, read all of Palahniuk's novels. If I had to pick a favorite, this would be it. The movie of &quot;Fight Club&quot; aroused a lot of odd interpretations: that is was fascist, that is was all about macho-posturing, that it didn't make sense two-thirds of the way in... Well, I guarantee you there's a reason so many people in Hollywood got behind that movie: it comes from a great novel. Palahniuk specializes in very sharp, rather trashy, and ultra dark humor. Choke is about about a man named Victor, and what's fascinating about him is not that he leads an out-of-the-ordinary life. In fact, the only thing unique about him is that he is addicted to faking choking attacks in restaurants. He does it to be taken care of, but in the back of his mind her realizes he likes making people heroes as they &quot;save him&quot;. The whole idea of this book is that the most amazing, fantastic, and disturbing stories come from a man who is by all definition a loser. It's not a heroic story that makes him so interesting: it's that he lives a terrible life and is determined to continue living that way... even when he has the chance to become a great or successful person. Victor is pressured to become a great martyr, and does his best to avoid it. He holds many aces up his sleeve, and when it all comes crashing down at the end you have an ending as good as any I've read in recent fiction.
B000002J09|5.0|This is a truly epic record, probably one of the best rock albums ever. <br />It contains Led Zeppelin's finest song, the magnificet 'Stairway to Heavan.' It's just such a shame that it has been so ridiculously overplayed over the past 20 years until everyone is tired of it. But it really is a great song building from a simple acoustic guitar to a whole torrent of riffs and solos.<br />And this is definitely not the only classic on the album. The two openers 'Black Dog' and 'Rock and Roll' are two of the best hard rock songs ever. 'The ballad of evermore' is one of my favourite songs, which shows Robert Plant's emerging obsession with mythology and the occult. 'Going to California' is the bands best folk song. 'Misty Mountain Hop' and 'Four Sticks' - inwhich John Bonham really does use four drumsticks are also good songs in their own right. But the best song on the album has to be 'When the levee breaks' - Bonhams drumming is brilliant. For all of Jimmy Page's brilliant guitar playing, John Bonham is the person who is, or tragically was - Led Zeppelin. <br />This is certainly Zeppelin's best record featuring styles as diverse as Blues, Hard Rock and British Rock music. There are a lot of negative reviews of this album - people saying Led Zeppelin were overrated, but the truth is they were the first heavy metal band ever, and so probably the most influential bands of the 70s. Some people have also said they are a pop band, not a rock band. I don't know how you can call them a pop band as they were the group who created the principal of album orientated rock and barely released a single in their career - about as non-commercial as you can get. People also criticise Robert Plant's songwriting. Fine, they are not Bob Dylan or The Beatles - the images Plant sings about on Stairway to Heavan are nonsense - but that was never the strength of Led Zeppelin. They were consistently slammed by the music press throughout their career but how many of their albums have sold well upwards of 10 million copies. Great Album
B000001F76|5.0|Think a moment about the title of this album.  40 GREATEST HITS.  There are only a very small number of musical performers who can make that not sound flat out absurd and silly.  How many actually have a dozen, let alone 40 greatest hits?  But these songs weren't just hits, they were great, great songs.  By any measure, Hank Williams is one of the greatest song writers America has produced.  I don't mean country song writers, but regardless of musical genre.  His competition isn't other C&amp;W writers, but Woody Guthrie, Irving Berlin, Robert Johnson, the Gershwins, Bob Dylan, and Cole Porter.<br />Hank Williams was not an educated or literate individual.  But these songs are remarkable for their intelligent, lyrics, and inventiveness.  There is a poetic quality about these songs, a quality that Williams himself might not have been able to articulate, but nonetheless was able to achieve.<br />There are very few albums that can truly be described as &quot;essential,&quot; but this is one of those few.  This is not merely the greatest country music of all time, but among the very greatest music produced in the 20th century.
B000002J09|5.0|This is a truly epic record, probably one of the best rock albums ever. <br />It contains Led Zeppelin's finest song, the magnificet 'Stairway to Heavan.' It's just such a shame that it has been so ridiculously overplayed over the past 20 years until everyone is tired of it. But it really is a great song building from a simple acoustic guitar to a whole torrent of riffs and solos.<br />And this is definitely not the only classic on the album. The two openers 'Black Dog' and 'Rock and Roll' are two of the best hard rock songs ever. 'The ballad of evermore' is one of my favourite songs, which shows Robert Plant's emerging obsession with mythology and the occult. 'Going to California' is the bands best folk song. 'Misty Mountain Hop' and 'Four Sticks' - inwhich John Bonham really does use four drumsticks are also good songs in their own right. But the best song on the album has to be 'When the levee breaks' - Bonhams drumming is brilliant. For all of Jimmy Page's brilliant guitar playing, John Bonham is the person who is, or tragically was - Led Zeppelin. <br />This is certainly Zeppelin's best record featuring styles as diverse as Blues, Hard Rock and British Rock music. There are a lot of negative reviews of this album - people saying Led Zeppelin were overrated, but the truth is they were the first heavy metal band ever, and so probably the most influential bands of the 70s. Some people have also said they are a pop band, not a rock band. I don't know how you can call them a pop band as they were the group who created the principal of album orientated rock and barely released a single in their career - about as non-commercial as you can get. People also criticise Robert Plant's songwriting. Fine, they are not Bob Dylan or The Beatles - the images Plant sings about on Stairway to Heavan are nonsense - but that was never the strength of Led Zeppelin. They were consistently slammed by the music press throughout their career but how many of their albums have sold well upwards of 10 million copies. Great Album
B00005AR3G|5.0|I had to be dragged kicking and screaming to see this film. Well, maybe I was only screaming on the inside, but there was definite kicking involved. Everything about the marketing for this film screamed \\"cheese,\\" from the poster, to the trailer, to the title. \\"This has got to be an all-time low for Disney,\\" I thought, as I went kicking into the theater, dragged by my girlfriend and her niece.<br />90 minutes later I emerged one happy filmgoer. I won't bother to tell you about the plot because, really, it doesn't matter. The film is funny, fast, and full of energy, and one of the best animated films I've seen since The Lion King. I can only say that it's Aladdin only without the songs or the love story. But, in fact, it's funnier than Aladdin.<br />As for the DVD, it's very good. Both sound and video are outstanding. There is absolutely nothing that anyone could complain about there. Which leaves us with bonus features:<br />There are two versions of Emperor's New Groove out on DVD. This single disc is really the only one you need. I've played with both, and the good features from the second disc are all included here on this single disc release. You're mostly missing the director and producer goofing and talking about how animated films are made. There is the occasional interesting bit on the second disc of the other set, but they are few and far between, and not worth the extra cash, in my opinion.<br />If you're thinking of buying this title, buy this single disc release. It's the way to go.
B00004RYZT|4.0|I love Rammstein, but I think they should have hired a professional to their DVD: <br />The Multi-angles on certain songs(Du Hast, Rammstein und Tier) are nice but please no slow-mo shots of the action, it detracts from the action, also no POV(point of View) angles of Flake(synth) or The Drums, maybe we want to see how that's played also no constant close ups of the guitar work either. Nice to put interviews &amp; other things though.
B00005BI94|3.0|It is about the same quality as a late night viewing on TV of the film; the disc is not at all DVD-level clear.  But you can't quibble about the price: it is sub-VHS.  And since tapes degrade and DVD does not, I'll live with the muddier picture on this one.
0380973464|5.0|I just upgraded my rating of this book from 4 stars to 5, which is what I gave it immediately after reading it. I find now that I've gone back and re-read several sections.<br />I tend to think of &quot;5 stars&quot; as being perfect- no book is perfect, and anything not perfect can be said to be &quot;flawed&quot;. I'm aware of the imperfections in this one- nonetheless, this is easily the most idea-filled, intellectually exciting, and brilliant novel that I found in the final decade of the 20th century, and that should rate an appropriate 5 stars.
B000024D4R|5.0|Has Roger Waters gone too far?  Has he not gone far enough?  Besides the political overtones that cast a hazy shadow amidst this album, you hear some of the best PF ever.  Roger's lyrics and vocals are not too bad, when you consider some of his prior.  You still hear Rick Wright jamming away on the ivory--you even hear an occasional piano slide in PIGS (3 DIFFERENT ONES).  Nick Mason finally gets a chance to really jam out, since this album is so much more heavy.  THEN, you get to DAVID GILMOUR!  This IS his best guitar ever.  I don't care if you like this album or not.  His guitar is uncanny to hear and his use of the wah-wah voice modulator is almost sick at times.  This is an amazing album.
B00005K3LU|5.0|Great action movie, with well balanced action and suspense. Not too much &quot;dramas&quot; or other pseudo-emotional boring subplots that had been added to today's &quot;action&quot; movies making most of them a pain-in-the-guess-where...<br /> If you haven't seen it, you should. You'll feel why it became a synonymous to the genre.<br /> The 5 Star Edition DVD is simply top. Video transfer is very well done. DTS sound is amazing, shaking furniture on explosions and spinning around you under fire.<br /> The extras have the first photo album I've known to be worth seeing: it's interactive opening the doors to many unused or deleted scenes. Other features are also interesting, but what really shines is the editing room. There you are allowed to edit three scenes being given lots of camera angles to choose from and construct it the way you prefer. At the end of the scene you can view it the way you mounted it and compare it to the movie's edition. There's also a sound edition feature that's also very intersting, but the editing room will entertain you for more hours.<br /> Movie: great - action movie focused on... action!<br /> DVD: even greater - top video, sound and extras. What more could you want?
B000002UA5|3.0|The Live section of this album is great.  The quality so well done, you can barely even tell, at times, where this albums was recorded.  Not to mention you get to hear a version of Astronomy Domine w/o the lead vocals of Syd Barret.  However, you reach a hiatus when you pop in the studio album.  You soon reach music and concepts far out of the bailiwick of Pink Floyd.  Each band member gets a chance to experiment on his or her own.  Wright, Mason and Gilmour nearly fail.  Wright and Mason compose a suite of songs that are almost so ridiculous they make me laugh.  Gilmour is a little more decent.  Whereas Waters, once again, shows us his creativity and song writing skills.  He gives us &quot;Grandchester Meadows&quot;, an interesting acoustic ballad.  I will say the phrase, &quot;and a river of green is sliding unseen beneath the trees.&quot; will stick w/ you for quite sometime.  He also gives us &quot;Several Species...&quot;.  Completely whacked out.  Almost funny though.  So if you are a true PF fan you may enjoy both, it's interesting to see them evolve with this album.  If you are a casual fan -- stay clear, or just listen to the LIVE CD and enjoy the trippy poster.<br />-dano
B00005M989|1.0|sure, i'm a prince fanatic, and i feel like i got some responsibilities 2 remind u who's interested in prince just recently that this collection is not the wise pick 4 u guys, go get all prince albums 2 really know what's really going on in the genius mind of prince, go get his first 4 albums, pick&quot;COME&quot;,&quot;gold xperience&quot;etc,..anything but this&quot;very best of prince&quot;...if u still lookin 4 his&quot;best&quot;compilation...3 cd set of the hits 1-2 and b sides will do much better than this, and 4 those of u ,prince fanatics, i believe that u won't bother 4 this one.
B00005JG6Q|5.0|The DVD edition of Akira has been going through much controversy, concerning whether some of the changes that they have made to the DVD edition were actually wise choices to make.  After much review, I actually have found the DVD edition to not only to have the regular advantages that most DVDs have, (better sound and picture quality, never wears the movie down, extras) but also had a new dubbing script, which was actually a change for the better.....  Because now the accuracy of dubbing to mouth movements (something foreign films are famous for) is actually stunningly better than the usual dubbing I see from anime flicks such as the old Akira.  Putting all advantages about the DVD format aside, Akira is probably one of the best Anime movies and interpretations of a manga that have ever been done.  A stunning classic, and not only because it's a classic, but because it is a movie that you'll want to watch over and over again (as I did).  Be careful, however, to keep it away from the kids and if you can't stomach a ton a blood and violence, this movie just isn't the right thing for you.  Overall, this movie is one that is more than worth it to watch, and buy.  I can't say enough good things about this movie, so what are you waiting for, click the buy button!
B000002KGT|5.0|For more than two decades, Rumours has been one of the best selling albums of all-time and a bonafied rock classic and it's not hard to tell why. Three song-writers are at the hights of inspiration and ability. Buckingham's sesitive, niceguy guitar hero shines in Don't Stop and Second Hand News. McVie's pure and innocent lover is at her most passionate on Songbird and Oh, Daddy. And, perhaps most impressingly, Nicks' raven gypsy persona startles on the stark Gold Dust Woman and the gorgeous, perfect Dreams. The two couples in Fleetwood Mac and the band itself were on the verge of cracking when Rumours was recorded and it sounds as if the situation has fully charged each member. The final product is as unforgettable as any album in rock.
0451198670|4.0|I am wondering, had I read this book before I saw the movie, would I have enjoyed it as much??  And I did enjoy it!!  But I think I kept visualizing scences from the movie as I read, which gave the book more depth.  I found Helen terribily unlikeable and arrogant(or was I just jealous).  It made me long to live beside the sea, surrounded by books in my own bookshop, and fall passionately in love!!  It was the sort of book that had a lingering effect upon me.  Although, I felt the ending to be absurd, it was none the less a warm, feel-good read.
B00003CWNR|5.0|I just recently had the pleasure of renting THE CIDER HOUSE RULES on video yesterday. Well, I've been waiting a long time to see this film so as soon as I brought it home from the library, I put it right into the VCR. I have to say that I was not disappointed with this film at all. I have never read John Ivring's novel, but I can tell that if the film is this good, the book must be good, too. <br />THE CIDER HOUSE RULES is about a young man, Homer Wells (Tobey Maguire, in his best performance yet), who lives and works as Dr. Wilbur Larch's (Michael Caine) assistant at a hospital-like orphanage where they deliver pregnanent womens' babies. Dr. Larch thinks of Homer as his son, even though they are not biologically a family. Then, Homer feels the need to leave the only home he's ever known to find the place where he thinks he truly belongs. While he's trying to &quot;find himself&quot;, he meets the beautiful Candy (Charlize Theron), and they fall in love. Of course, Candy is already in love with someone else, who is away at war and said she hates to be &quot;left alone&quot;. At the end, Homer learns where he really belongs.<br />THE CIDER HOUSE RULES is a mix of romance, comedy, tragedy, and drama. It's a beautiful and inspiring story. The entire main cast and supporting cast are absolutely superb. I can now see why the Academy chose to nominate this film for Best Picture. I'll admit though: I first wanted to see this film because Tobey Maguire and Kieran Culkin were in it and they are two of my favorite actors, but it's a beautiful story even without them. I recommend this film for anyone who's ever needed inspiration in their lives.
0380778556|4.0|I was assigned this book as part of my Sophomore Summer reading list. As with all assigned books, I did not look forward to reading it. But Rebecca surprised me. The charcters were very interesting, the plot was mysterious from the beginning as to why the title is the name of a person dead from the start, and it kept me wanting to know what was next the whole time. The ending was well hidden up to the moment they reveal Rebecca's fate and even had more up the sleeve after that! I do intend to read the sequel and hope it was as good as the last.<br />p.s. Didn't you find the 2nd Mrs.de Winter a bit paranoid? Or maybe she just had a very active imagination, what with all those scenarios she kept thinking up?
B00004ZB9D|4.0|I'm not the hugest Lenny Kravitz fan, but you get 6-8 great classics for the price of one CD.  Can't really go wrong with this one.
B000000NN4|5.0|My first encounter with Vangelis was, of course, through Chariots Of Fire. After hearing it for the first time I went down to the music store and got his Greatest Hits-album Portraits. The album was exraordinary all the way through but two songs really got me hooked from the beginning(aside from Chariots of Fire). Those songs were Pulstar and Alpha. Both of them can be find on this masterpiece of lucid electronic music. There is no other album quite like this, with its perfect blend of electronic and symphonic music. And that is a shame.
0375704027|5.0|Murakami writes with a gently undulating pace that quiets the nerves and soothes the soul.  His writing reminds me a little of Hemmingway in the way he can describe a simple act, like eating lunch, and make it poetry.  The way his protagonists seem detached from the rest of the world is reminiscient of the existentialist types like Camus's Stranger.  The difference is that underlying the detachment is an understated emotional warmth and gentleness.  This is more true in Norwegian Wood than Hurakami's other novels.  This one lacks the intense surreal quality of Wind Up Bird Chronicles or Sheep Chase and is a true love story.  I read it in a few days and was totally absorbed.
0060168366|5.0|If you read one book on American history, this is it...period!!
0380973464|4.0|I came to \\"Cryptonomicon\\" assuming that its pages held a healthy mixture of math and literature, the two arts my brain appears most suited to.  I discovered in the end that, frankly, there wasn't enough math for my tastes (a partial understanding of high school algebra and calculus is enough for you to get by), and the literature started out sloppy and unfocused.  But in the end these two disciplines converged to make a most satisfying whole. <br />There is so much here to sink your teeth into.  It's quite dense, with a flurry characters, geographies, contexts, and cryptographs.  I got lost along the way on many occasions.  My suggestion to any prospective reader would be to find something tangible to latch on to early on (I did my best to let Randy Waterhouse, a most sympathetic \\"crypto-hero\\", be my guide), and go along for the ride.  And don&#8217;t try and decipher (pun intended) every meticulously crafted detail.  Go for the big picture and you'll do fine.<br />The sections set during present day, with Randy Waterhouse and his buddies trying to get their latest business venture (a data haven in the Philippines) off the ground, were fascinating, especially near the end when we are hurtling along with him to the book&#8217;s final mystery.  The other main narrative thrusts, set during WWII, were hit and miss.  These sections are finely written, never skimping on the gore with a tasteful war-is-hell kind of presentation, but ultimately left me empty.  Gung-ho jarhead Bobby Shaftoe, the focus of these sections, was probably my least favourite of the book&#8217;s main characters.  Which is odd because author Neal Stephenson has admitted that Bobby was the character he most enjoyed writing.<br />Thankfully, Stephenson has populated his semi-fictional world with a menagerie of fascinating characters.  Besides the aforementioned Randy Waterhouse, we have his grandfather Lawrence, a pioneer of computer technology.  There's also: Avi, Randy's friend and business partner in the data haven, who happens to be a raving anti-holocaust fanatic; Goto Dengo, an engineer whose purpose I am loathe to spoil here (pay close attention to this guy); Enoch Root, a priest who serves as the main link between the past and the present; and the aptly named Douglas MacArthur Shaftoe, a fiery Vietnam vet.  Stephenson even allows some real life characters to intrude on the proceedings, including the aforementioned Gen. (\\"I shall return\\") MacArthur, and computer godfather Alan Turing.<br />The sparse romantic elements, with Randy pursuing the ridiculously named America \\"Amy\\" Shaftoe, felt tacked on.  Although they did provide an opportunity for a hilarious climb through her family tree, Amy was little more than a token female in what amounted to an all boys club.<br />For a writer who's basically a (self-proclaimed) computer geek, Stephenson has an obvious flair for inventive prose.  An example of this comes in a long paragraph that describes the chemical makeup of the human bodies in a room (it is long, detailed, and also funny), which concludes by saying that even though there are all these biological moving parts, no one makes a sound.  Another quotation from the same scene, concerning Randy's assessment of a dour group of prospective business partners, is almost Tom Robbins-esque:  &#8220;&#8230; the Chinese guys [look] like the contents of Madame Tussaud&#8217;s Dumpster after an exhibit on the Cultural Revolution\\".  My favourite Stephenson invention is a shorthand quip shared between a concerned Avi and Randy.  They classify their situation as \\"the most cigarettes\\", a truncated version of \\"we could end up in prison married to the guy with the most cigarettes.\\"  Proof positive that Stephenson is a talented and entertaining writer.<br />Stephenson gets a lot of mileage (and exposition of ideas) out of Socratic discourse.  In one of my favourite sections, Enoch Root schools Randy on the progress of humanity while Randy asks pertinent questions.  The conversation centres on Greek mythology, the Titanomachia, Athena (the goddess of technology), and how those with intelligence and cunning [Metis] will out do those with power in times of warfare, for they will have the ability to develop better technology.  It could have been dry and dull, but there is such passion contained within the discourse that the words jumped from the page with exuberance.<br />The novel's first two-thirds finds Stephenson struggling to keep a coherent narrative structure intact.  I don't think he was necessarily successful, and have a hunch he didn't think so either.  He tries to confuse his readers by surprising us with cliffhanger endings to many chapters, in lieu of strong narrative development.  However, once he got his feet, Stephenson saves the day with a fine final third, which had a superb narrative thrust racing towards the end.  And even though the ending was wrapped up haphazardly, Stephenson had done enough right by then to earn the book a positive place in my memory.
B00004STW3|1.0|When I first saw this movie in the theater I enjoyed it. I was pretty anxious to get it on video and I did but it turned out to be a crummy movie! Yes, it does have good acting, good music by Danny Elfman, and a great all-star cast. But what else can I say this movie is pretty much dumb and it does make fun of Independence Day and Close Encounters of the Third Kind but that's not the reason why I don't like it. The reason why I don't like it is because it's cheesy, boring, and dumb. I am going to throw away my Mars Attacks video because it's stupid. I have no reason to put it in my movie collection. So whatever you do if you hadn't seen this movie yet, please do not rent it. You might be a little disappointed. It may be enjoyable for little kids but not adults. Adults might find it boring. Thanks for reading! <br />- Ryan
0375703861|5.0|As an author who writes books that I feel address serious themes, I was simply bowled over by Zadie Smith's awe-inspiring debut.  In WHITE TEETH, she addresses issues of sex, race, politics, assimilation/diversity concerns, socio-economic hardships, and gender politics all within a novel of epic scale.  Its geographic range is great.  Its characters may not be entirely admirable, but they do seem real.  And her London is perfect.  WHITE TEETH is a great book, fully deserving of the notice it is receiving.  If you want to discover one serious gem of a novel this year, read this one.
B00005AQF7|5.0|this is classic hip hop. it opened up a new era of rap.  snoop's smooth style blows me away
0375703861|5.0|As an author who writes books that I feel address serious themes, I was simply bowled over by Zadie Smith's awe-inspiring debut.  In WHITE TEETH, she addresses issues of sex, race, politics, assimilation/diversity concerns, socio-economic hardships, and gender politics all within a novel of epic scale.  Its geographic range is great.  Its characters may not be entirely admirable, but they do seem real.  And her London is perfect.  WHITE TEETH is a great book, fully deserving of the notice it is receiving.  If you want to discover one serious gem of a novel this year, read this one.
B000001FCB|5.0|Jobim/Elis, what else can you ask for, both were and still are two super icons of brazilian music, and this recording is totally amazing. You probably will not get any better performance of Elis anywhere else. Do yourself a favor, purchase this super classic at once, you'll be glad you did.
078322947X|3.0|One... claimed that this movie was filmed in 1:33/1 and that this is why there is not a widescreen version. Anyone who has purchased this DVD knows that is a load...  It says right before the movie starts that they reformatted the film to fit the 1:33/1 aspect ratio of your TV. This means pan & scan. Plus, you can even tell images are getting cut off on the sides of the screen, escpecially during scenes shot inside the truck cabs... The truth of the matter is that it costs a lot of money to restore a widescreen print for tranfer to video and this movie just isn't popular enough. I love the movie and hope maybe one day it will be remastered for a special edition.
0553213105|5.0|I absolutely loved this book!!!! I don't understand how anyone could call it boring. Granted, the people in the books talk a little much and sometimes I'm just like 'Get on with it' but I've sort of learned to skim those parts.  This book is a comedy making fun of the English society in the early 1800s.  It's making the womens'(woman's?) quest for a good future into a vicious man-hunt and it's hilarious.  I agree that there was not enough written out dialogue. I really would've liked the scene with Elizabeth and Darcy played out a little more.  But it's a GREAT!!! GREAT!! WONDERFUL!! book.  Read it!
0802130208|5.0|This is an excellent book and deffinitly deserves the pulitzer prize it was awarded. The book is funny and has many interesting plot twists that make you want to read on.My whole family read this book, from me-14 to my grandfather- 86 and we all enjoyed it. This book is a MUST READ
B000002LK1|5.0|This album follows the path of Depeche Mode's continual journey into darkness.  Each album gets more and more dark, and Violator is one of those very dark CD's.  With a lot of dancable grooves, not only is this a moody album, but a very club oriented one.<br />Obvious songs like 'Personal Jesus' and 'Enjoy The Silence' should be recognized by anyone unless you've been living under a rock.  'Personal Jesus' features a bluesy guitar riff overtop of a thumping beat.  'Enjoy The Silence' is a mid-tempo melancholy ditty that has some dark overtones.  Songs that immediately jump out at me are 'Halo' and 'Waiting For The Night'.  'Halo' is a very dark song with a great beat; worthy of being a single.  'Waiting For The Night' is a very ambient, yet dark song that showcases some great stereophonics; the synths panning from left to right and back again.  Great track.  'World In My Eyes' and 'Policy Of Truth' are a couple of the most dancable tracks on the CD.  'Sweetest Perfection' is a slow tempo grinder that features some almost evil lyrics and vocals over a very dark musical piece.  'Blue Dress' is one of the most underrated songs on this CD, but it is one of my favorites.  The yearning expressed in this song is legendary.  'Clean' is kind of an ironic song, given Dave's drug problems that arose out of the aftermath of this CD.<br />The only word I can continually use to describe this disc is DARK!  Depeche Mode are masters at creating sonic masterpieces that torture your soul and torment your mind with darkness yet leaving you in ecstasy.
B000007T2Z|4.0|This music parades your soul in front of your tearing eyes. (Afterward, you can listen to Radiohead's &quot;OK Computer&quot; if you want to cheer up ;)
B00000IAU3|5.0|I know there are plenty of reviews out there on this product; by now my opinion doesn't make a great difference. However, I'd like to comment briefly on this album anyway. :) Quite frankly, I was getting a bit bored of all the 3-chord songs on the radio by so-called artists; that's supposed to be today's best &quot;MUSIC?&quot; Try today's junk. Sorry, I'm a little tired and cranky right now. :) Anyway, I first heard the popular &quot;Thank U&quot; when Dido sang it with Eminem on Saturday Night Live. My brother and I are both classical/jazz musicians...pop music isn't really our thing, but this clear, minimum-vibrato voice could have been that of a jazz vocalist, and the melody fascinated both of us enough to consider buying &quot;No Angel&quot;. (I'm truly sorry if I'm not really making much sense...it's late!) When I first heard each song, I was immediately won by the original melodies, not to mention the use of more than 3 chords per song... Also, I like how she uses lyrics and themes that aren't entirely unthought of, but somehow makes them profound. I think it is easy to mistake the lyrics for blunt and meaningless, but really I think the music makes them more interpretive. &quot;Here With Me&quot; seems dark and haunting to me at times, and at other times pensive but hopeful. &quot;All You Want&quot; can be sarcastic, or wistful. &quot;Hunter&quot; and &quot;My Life&quot; are obviously defiant, in slightly varying ways. The idea behind &quot;Isabel&quot; is surely not defined; I picture a different scenario each time I hear it. The same w/&quot;My Lover's Gone&quot;--I have thought of a deceased lover, or perhaps being lost at sea, or maybe nothing like that. The line about &quot;no earthly ships&quot; is what makes it, well, interpretive. (I hate to be redundant.) I love the combination of techno-synthesized rhythms &amp; sound effects etc. with fairly peaceful melodies and harmonies. It creates a unique style I haven't really heard before. Usually when I listen to a cd it is a rather frustrating thing, because I skip the tracks I don't like and thus get little listening enjoyment. But when I listen to Dido's cd I can relax and know I don't have to dread the next track, because I completely enjoy each song on the cd. Incidentally, I also decided to buy the new cd &quot;Outrospective&quot; of Dido's brother's band, &quot;Faithless.&quot; They're a little more techno and they even do some rap--but I think I can handle it, after all, Dido sings on it. :)
0393312836|5.0|An incredible, violent and almost surrealistic dream (or should I say nightmare?) about the future. A mechanical and dehumanized society where Alexander De Large has become a sort of evil creature of it and ironically its sacrificial lamb. A superb description of how the opportunity of choosing between good and evil must be considered as a gift of God.
0441172717|5.0|Frank Herbert's richest, most complex work.  This novel is simply a &quot;must read&quot; for any science fiction fan.  I have read Dune several times and each time I come away with new insights into this complicated novel.  Herbert weaves religion, politics, love, betrayal, commerce and military expertise into a spellbinding tale.  Dune is a wonderful, epic adventure, the main reason it is one of the best-selling science fiction novels of all time.
0425170349|3.0|Contrary to some of the reviews I have read, the book started with a bang but instead of building up suspense (as claimed), it dragged on a few moments.  It took me a while to connect the sub-stories into the major plot.<br />Well, the novel ended quite funny.  Apparently,Tom Clancy has humnor underneath all that espionage thing :-)
B00005B7CK|5.0|What a wonderful movie! George Clooney, John Turturo et al, turn in superlative performances. My husband and I have rented it twice, repeat several lines over and over (&quot;how's my hair?&quot; &quot;damn we're in a tight spot!&quot; &quot;I'm the pater familias!&quot;) and more. We bought the CD and play it constantly. We've been looking for the video to buy (don't have DVD yet), since we consider this one a &quot;keeper.&quot; Don't pay attention to the people who say it's boring or disappointing -- watch it for yourself!!
B0000524E5|4.0|We always hope that our dreams will come true.  Some are simply born lucky...they excel in everything they get involved in.  But most of us are trapped in a struggle to find that perfect place, time &amp; job.<br />This story is about a songwriter's dream who tried her luck in the big city.  Just like her, we find ourselves wondering when will we ever succeed.  But the main thing we have to remember is that no matter what, we should never lose hope &amp; should keep on going.<br />Life is not a bed of roses nor success served on a silver platter.  We should do something to realize those dreams starting right now!<br />(Actually, I would rate this film 4 1/2 stars)
B000002A46|5.0|Holiday records are in my cd player from the day after thanksgiving until christmas day.  I love holiday songs and have dozens of holiday records.  This cd is one of my favorites.  Listening to this cd is like being sung to from the heaven's above because Mariah has such a beautiful and soulful voice.  Thid cd is a good mix of classic favorites and new songs.  There is not one song in this cd that I have to skip.  If you like listening to christmas songs buy this cd!
6305127697|5.0|Keeps you guessing throughout the movie....I sat on the edge of my seat - at times holding my breath.  When I saw Ed Norton....I knew this guy could ACT and would go far in this field.
078322737X|5.0|This is a must-own DVD, perfect in every way.  This is the Lawrence of Arabia of late 50's California.<br />The director perfectly captures a rite-of-passage night with incredible texture and integrity.  This is one of those films where disbelief is immediately suspended and the viewer is drawn in - without protest. What makes it work particularly well is the music. Its a perfect backdrop and perhaps for those of us who remember sounds more than many other things its the critical factor in involving us.<br />Its also a hoot seeing young Ron Howard, Richard  Dreyfuss, McKenzie Phillips, Harrison Ford, and  others.  In some ways, I wonder if it wasn't some of their finest performances.
0345350499|5.0|Elegantly written. Captivating storytelling. This book brings the people, places and times of Arthurian Legend to life with a new kind of feeling and energy. The best part of the telling is the new meaning and themes that this book brings forth on behalf of the Feminine Divine, that is feminine powers of women and the feminine energies of Creation, something that has been omitted from the tales of Arthur and his loves, and Merlin and the roundtable legends in the past. The omissions are the priestesses of Avalon.<br /><br />Of course, if you like fantasy epics this will certainly satisfy your craving. But Mists of Avalon is more than that. By being told mainly from the perspective of the women in Arthur's life, especially the priestesses of Avalon, it brightly brings forth the meaning of the feminine divine. It also illustrates better how pagan and Christian spirituality co-existed during those times... And it illustrates the transitioning of the domination of Christianity over pagan spirituality---the colonization of the Christian Roman patriarchal spirituality over earth-based spirituality. This has been something that has taken place throughout history, and throughout the world in many places... The religious colonization and shift in powers from female to male, from goddesses to gods is something that has taken place not only in the British Isles, but also all over Europe, the Americas, and Asia, including the Philippine islands...<br /><br />Through this book, we become vaguely acquainted with what it means to have been spiritually connected to the rythms of Mother Earth, the stars, sun and moon... And that it was not such an evil thing to be connected in such a way to all Life, as the priests and churches have made it out to be.<br /><br />In older tales of Arthur, his sister Morgaine is the villainess, a witch. In this book she is the heroine---not a witch but rather, someone who is honored and honorable, a priestess of Avalon. And the circumstances of her relationship with her brother are more complicated and entangled in the egos of other people than the original legends are able to tell.<br /><br />Also in the older tales of Arthur, at his death, 5 queens come to take his body back to Avalon. The old versions fail to say who these queens are exactly... But in Mists of Avalon, we find out who the queens are... they are priestesses of Avalon who had married kings... These priestesses where high-born women, and as this book tells, wed Kings so that the Kings in turn would be worthy to rule the land with these special women at their sides.<br /><br />In the Christian tellings about Avalon, it is a magical and mysterious place. In Mists of Avalon it remains that, but also, it is a place of priestesses and wizards... In the way that Christians tell of the women in Arthur's life, they are all sinful... the priestesses are either witches or they are mysterious Queens. Mists of Avalon gives you a fuller, more complete story of these priestesses, as humans, as women who loved Arthur and the Kingdom.<br /><br />Definitely worth your time if you want a fuller understanding of the mysteries of the Arthurian legends.lationship with her brother are more complicated and entangled in the egos of other people than the original legends are able to tell.<br /><br />Also in the older tales of Arthur, at his death, 5 queens come to take his body back to Avalon. The old versions fail to say who these queens are exactly... But in Mists of Avalon, we find out who the queens are... they are priestesses of Avalon who had married kings... These priestesses where high-born women, and as this book tells, wed Kings so that the Kings in turn would be worthy to rule the land with these special women at their sides.<br /><br />In the Christian tellings about Avalon, it is a magical and mysterious place. In Mists of Avalon it remains that, but also, it is a place of priestesses and wizards... In the way that Christians tell of the women in Arthur's life, they are all sinful... the priestesses are either witches or they are mysterious Queens. Mists of Avalon gives you a fuller, more complete story of these priestesses, as humans, as women who loved Arthur and the Kingdom.<br /><br />Definitely worth your time if you want a fuller understanding of the mysteries of the Arthurian legends.
B00003CY5K|5.0|I love it you she was n ot a diryy dumb blonde.
0812550706|5.0|This is one of the best pieces of science fiction I have ever come across. its not a story about hyper-technology or massive space battles, its a story about a child, whose abilities are manipulated by a system that needs his talent. Ender's anti-hero persona makes him easy to like, even with his...somewhat violent tendancies. This book is a must read. Drop what you're reading and buy this book. You'll won't be dissapointed.
0792101448|5.0|After having established himself as the Master of the Spaghetti Western, Italian director Sergio Leone set out to make a western epic of very stylish proportions.  ONCE UPON A TIME IN THE WEST was the result.  Like Sam Peckinpah's THE WILD BUNCH, which was also released in 1969, O-U-A-T-I-T-W did not receive a particularly warm welcome from either the critics or the audiences.  But like Peckinpah's film, it has now come to be seen as a masterpiece among the rise and eventual fall of the West (and maybe the way Hollywood thought of the West).<br />Claudia Cardinale is the widow of a businessman whose land is being sought out by a ruthless railroad magnate (Gabrielle Ferzetti).  The land is well sought because it is the only known place in the desert within a 50-mile radius where there is any water.  Defending Cardinale are a cold, calculating gunslinger (Charles Bronson) and an amiable outlaw (Jason Robards).  But standing in their way is a ruthless hired gunman named Frank, played by (are you ready for this?) Henry Fonda!<br />At 165 minutes in the director's original cut, ONCE UPON A TIME IN THE WEST marks a change for Leone.  Although part of this film was shot in Spain, where he had shot his previous films, a good deal of it was filmed in John Ford's beloved Monument Valley.  Leone gets solid performances by Bronson, Cardinale, and Robards, as well as a stunning fifteen minute opening credit sequence featuring Bronson and two of Fonda's hired hands (Jack Elam, Woody Strode).  But Leone scored a real coup by casting Fonda, the man known for playing good guys most of the time, as one of the coldest and meanest villains in screen history; it is he who kills Cardinale's family, and it is he who is being sought out by Bronson for reasons we do not know until the famous confrontation at the end.<br />Another superb Ennio Morricone score caps this fabulous western epic, one that thankfully can be seen the way Leone had intended, not the horribly butchered version that Paramount had foisted on the public for so many years.  Although very long, requiring a good deal of patience, ONCE UPON A TIME IN THE WEST is well worth seeing.  A classic of the 1960s.
B00005LB9O|5.0|What Travis did with The Invisible Band was very brilliant. They took the sound and attitude from The Man Who in which we all fell in love with, and combined that with newer, fresher material that would satisfy and surprise any 'The Man Who' fan. The album opens with the first single &quot;Sing&quot; which is a magnificant song that mixes up Travis' mellow sound with a twangy banjo. &quot;Side&quot; is one of my personal favorites on the album. Songs like &quot;Follow the Light&quot; and the bonus track &quot;You Don't Know What I'm Like&quot; display how &quot;colorful&quot; Travis can be. There is some excellent work done on this album. Don't let this album be invisible in your collection...BUY IT!
B00004SYWZ|5.0|After a long hiatus and a break-up of the band, the 2000 release of &quot;Minor Earth Major Sky&quot; brings a 13-song set of new music for a-ha's patiently-waiting fans. This disc showcases Pal Waaktaar's beautiful song-writing artistry and Morten Harket's amazing vocal range. The only unfortunate factor with this cd was its failure to be released in the U.S. market, forcing buyers here to order it overseas. &quot;Minor Earth Major Sky&quot; far surpasses a-ha's prior endeavors, and none of the songs disappoint even upon repeated listenings. Listen especially to the haunting &quot;To Let You Win&quot;, the regretful/hopeful &quot;Little Black Heart&quot;, and the unbelievable vocals on &quot;Summer Moved On&quot;. Definitely, this is the band at its zenith!
B00004Y62T|5.0|I am a huge Gwyneth Paltrow fan and I really like Matt Damon as well, so I was extemely excited to see this film and I was not disappointed. I've never read the novel, the movie is based on, but from what I've heard the film does a great job with the orginal work. <br />The plot is amazingly different. You see the world through the eyes of the bad guy, which rarely done in Hollywood. What makes this so effective is you relate to the Tom Ripley, a murderer and lair. As a viewer you are drawn into him and his life and you want him to escape and you want in all reality evil to win. This movie is a mind trip that you won't soon forget.<br />The scenary in the film is breathtaking and gives you the true feeling of being in Italy in the 50s. <br />The acting is awesome and by far Damon's best work. He was overlooked in my eyes by the Oscars. He's performance moves the film, for there is not a scene he's not in. Paltrow gives a great performance as the only one who can see through Ripley. Jude Law who lights up the screen got a much deserved Oscar nod for his role as Dickie the man who Tom strives to be.<br />This movie is worth your time, again and again. I now own this movie and enjoy watching when ever I have the time. It will make you think in ways you might not enjoy...but that's the beauty of this truly orginal movie. And besides it's worth the time just to watch Damon pitch perfect perfomance.
0394721780|4.0|Every serious home cook should have a good collection of Julia Child's recipes in the kitchen.  Although many of the recipes are elaborate and time consuming, they are all clearly explained and easy to follow.  I have never had a Julia Child recipe fail.  I refer to this book constantly for basics such as pie crust.  It is also my first line of defense for company meals.
B00004U30D|5.0|I would have given this amazing film 10 stars if I could, but 5 was the best I could do. This movie earned every award it won and those it didn't. I often don't agree with the films that win awards, but this one was truly the best film of not all the year but of all time, well close.<br />The story is orignal, the writing is fresh, hip and redefines screenplays, the acting is the best around, and the movie is a masterpiece. <br />The film revolves around an all-American family living in the 90s in white suburbia. From the outside their lives look normal but look closer and you will find things are anything but normal. <br />Kevin Spacey leads an all star cast in the performance that won him an Oscar. He plays a father and husband who is sick of the fake life he's been leading, so he quits his job, begins working out, smoking pot, and most importantly he begins living. This sets a whirlwind of events into action that will leave you breathless and will make you look closer at your own life.<br />What I love about this movie is the honest that is has and power it uses to light up the true world we live in. The movie is funny, sad, depressing and life altering. <br />Other stand out performances include, Annette Bening as Spacey's overly joyless wife and Thora Birch as thier unhappy daughter, who ends up being the most normal.<br />You'll love this awesome movie and if you don't you will at least learn from it, if you let yourself.
0671027573|5.0|I won't go into details of the book since a lot of other people have but I have to say that this is the best book that I have read in awhile! I laughed so hard though the whole thing! I highly recommend this book!
6305078564|5.0|This production of Pride and Prejudice is wonderful.  Could there be a more perfect Mr. Darcy than Colin Firth?  He's enigmatic and cold and distant at the beginning yet somehow his portrayal makes you more curious about Mr. Darcy.  Jennifer Ehle is just right as Elizabeth.  She's vivacious and witty and it's easy to see why Mr. Darcy is attracted to her.  Don't buy the DVD for any of the usual &quot;extras&quot; you expect in a DVD - there aren't any.  The only advantage this has over tapes is your ability to go directly to your favorite scenes without alot of tedious fast forwarding.  Plus it's cheaper than the VHS 6 volume set.  That makes it a bargain and you don't have to worry about wearing out your tapes.
B00003CXB2|5.0|Just watching the movie without the sound shows you the majesty of the landscape.  This is so real looking, you have to dump the sand out of your shows after watching it.
0792107683|5.0|The good guys wear white hats, the bad guys wear black hats - and Alan Ladd has obviously borrowed his outfit from Roy Rogers, but that doesnt change the fact that &quot;Shane&quot; is a born classic from the very start. A simple but very well told story about good vs evil. The photography and the music-score absolutely breathtaking! Must be in everyones short list of the 10 best westerns ever!
0767827902|4.0|You can read all, and I mean ALL, of the plot in the reviews below, though I don't recommend it.  If you haven't seen this film, and are considering it, two things will be helpful to you.  First, what are its strengths and weaknesses?  Second, what movies are similar?  Regarding the former, the cinematography certainly does stand out as fantastic.  But more than anything, this movie is about capturing the very realistic &quot;feel&quot; of being in a small Texas town in the 1950s.   There is a certain claustrophic and depressing sense that will be familiar to anyone who has lived in a small midwestern or southwestern town and does not feel he or she belongs there, and that feeling creates a sort of life of its own -- a life force that sustains the movie throughout its considerable length.  (Also, there is a lot of full frontal nudity of both sexes, which does tend to raise some people's interest.)<br />Back to the film's &quot;feel.&quot;  The feel sustains the film, and it must, because of its extreme lack of character development and plot.  The screenwriter's talents fall far beneath those of the director.  The writer was not out to spin a gripping yarn or to develop character like you see in the screen adaptations of Tennessee Williams's plays.  Instead, the screenwriter was going straight for the ambience, just like (as another reviewer noted), George Lucas went for the urban feel of that approximate era in American Graffiti.<br />If you want drama, The Last Picture Show will not provide it.  You may read some reviewers commenting on the drama provided by the character Cloris (the wife of the protagonist's football coach, with whom our protagonist has an affair).  I disagree with those reviewers who think Cloris' character is tragic and adds drama.  There are too many characters in this film to identify with or really understand any of them, so it is difficult to empathize unless you invent a false association between yourself and the character.  Cloris is in asad situation, but she is as morally loose and illogical as any in the town.  She is a married 40 year old woman who seduces a high school student she doesn't even know (not that it took much seduction -- characters in The Last Picture Show seem to fall into bed with someone every time they trip over their own shoelaces) because, in her words, she &quot;wasn't raised to leave her husband.&quot;  Oh.  Was she raised to cheat on her husband with a boy young enough to be her son?  Her simultaneous pain and hypocrisy are believable, and that contributes to the realism of the film and her character.  But sympathetic she is not, and if we cannot even sympathize with her, the dramatic potential is limited.<br />Finally, what movies is this one similar to?  This is a subjective question, but the closest matches in my mind are movies that try to convey that &quot;feel&quot; of a place that has some dark undertones: (1) Midnight Cowboy, (2) American Graffiti (NOT spelled &quot;Grafitti,&quot; by the way), (3) Cinema Paradiso, (4) The Graduate.  These are maybe not terribly close matches, because The Last Picture Show is hauntingly unique, but they seem to be in the same neighborhood, if on different blocks.  I hope this information helps you decide whether you will like it.
B00005J9M3|5.0|\\"Behaviour,\\" the fourth full-length CD from Pet Shop Boys, is an album of remarkable and unexpected depth.  Following the perky disco of \\"Introspective,\\" Neil Tennant and Chris Lowe create a mature, nuanced album surrounding the themes of growing up, AIDS, Catholic guilt, infidelity, and insecurity.  Tennant is one of the most expressive vocalists around, as his nasal delivery glides through the moody atmospherics of the kickoff track \\"Being Boring,\\" the dark and brooding \\"This Must Be the Place...,\\" and the absolutely heart-wrenching \\"Face the Truth.\\"  Of course, the Boys step up the tempo a bit.  They deliver an infectious disco romp on the single \\"So Hard,\\" while they attack self-righteous rock stars in the faux new-jack \\"How Can You Expect to Be Taken Seriously?\\"  But the best tracks are the quiter ones, as evidenced in \\"Only the Wind,\\" \\"Nervously,\\" and the self-descriptive \\"Jealousy.\\"  Pet Shop Boys continue to prove that real men can be sensitive without being wimps, and they straddle that fence most impressively on this disc.  Without doubt, this is Neil and Chris's masterpiece, and it's one of the best records of the 1990s.
B000001ESP|5.0|Moving pictures is probably Rush's most popular album, with songs familiar to those who listen to rock radio.  It's another impressive collection of songs from those 3 amazing musicians from Canada.
B00000BKE0|2.0|First of all, let me preface this by saying that Iron Maiden is my favorite metal band--actually, my favorite band of any genre--of all time.  But, simply put, this bombs.  Perhaps it was rushed, perhaps it was affected by personnel shifts, (Janick Gers replaced Adrian Smith on this one, BTW, Gers is a fine guitarist and I don't blame him for it,) or perhaps Maiden was just going for something less pretensious, more laid back, than this album's predecessor, &quot;Seventh Son...&quot;  Whatever happened here, this album just isn't worthy of Maiden's other efforts, even Virtual XI.  <br />This album did have its moments, however, (it IS Maiden, after all.)  Here's my thoughts, track by track.<br />1.)Tailgunner-a decent song.  I like this one, but it isn't quite on par with an arena-rocker like &quot;Run to the Hills.&quot;<br />2.) Holy Smoke-Probably my favorite of the album.  The opening guitars are kind of poppish--a bit of a departure for the band, but this is just a catchy tune.<br />3.) No Prayer For the Dying-Kind of fell flat for me.  Not the emotionally moving song that Harris was trying to write.<br />4.) Public Enema Number One-A fairly strong number, but, again, not on par with some of Maiden's other songs.<br />5.)Fate's Warning-mediocre.<br />6.)The Assassin-I actually like this one simply because it's a bit different.  Not too heavy, kind of the less is more principle.<br />7.)Run Silent,Run Deep-mediocrity, but Bruce really sings his head off in the chorus and strengthens the song somewhat.<br />8.)Hooks in You-Ugghh.  If it weren't for this song, I would have rated the album three stars.  There's just no excuse for this.  This would be filler material on a Poison or Motley Crue album and has no business whatsoever on a Maiden album.<br />9.) Bring Your Daugther...To The Slaughter.  Gotta like this one. Good-ol-fashioned metal and showed Bruce's ability to write straight up horror metal which was evident on his solo project &quot;Accident of Birth.&quot;<br />10.) Mother Russia-OK, but not a closer epic like &quot;Rime of The Ancient Mariner.&quot;<br />I'm not unrecommending this disk.  As I think I've already pointed out, this one at least had some decent songs.  If you're a huge Maiden fan, you'll want to buy this one.  However, for someone who is introducing him/herself to Maiden, try &quot;Seventh Son...&quot; &quot;Brave New World,&quot; or &quot;Powerslave.&quot;
B000002KXV|5.0|His genius lies in his ability to create music that makes me feel glad to be alive, however whenever i see his writings (such as in the gaucho album liners) or hear him talk (at the rock and roll hall of fame, or at a concert between songs) i get the feeling Fagan doesn't take life as seriously as his music sounds.  I mean my first listen to his song Maxine, and the phrase &quot;try to hang on&quot; just made me melt.  Fagen in concert is twice as strong.  A night concert in Irvine, CA yr.2000 was absolutely magical for me.  Every time i hear A steely dan tune or Fagen's voice brings me back to that night.  Maybe we're being doublely fooled by Fagen's persona.  Maybe he really does appreciate life and realize the magnificance in the human experience?  I don't see how a person can create the music he does and have the attitude he does at the same time.
B0000026KQ|5.0|They Principally recorded at the Sol Studio, England on Sunday, October 2, 1988. Mastered at Tape One, London on Sunday, November 20, 1988. Jeff Beck's Guitar Shop with drummer/percussionist Terry Bozzio and keyboard player Tony Hymas is a another Jeff Beck instrumental masterpieced in 1989, as Beck plays as a guitar hero in his prime should - full of fury and finesse. This album won the Grammy in 1990 for &quot;Best Instrumental Rock&quot; album, and it's easy to see the reasoning, as Beck is in top-notch form throughout the album. The tremendous tandem of Hymas and Bozzio aren't exactly slouches, either. Guitar Shop highlights include the songs &quot;Big Block&quot;, &quot;Savoy&quot; and the title track. Beck fans will find his playing here mesmerizing, surpassing the technical mastery of Flash. Apart from a sizzling instrumental version of &quot;Big Block,&quot; less devoted listeners will find Guitar Shop as captivating as most other incidental film music.
B000002J2B|5.0|There is certainly a magical feeling that overcomes me when i put on this album.  Maybe the sounds of Genesis are unique to my taste of great music, but the first 2 tracks off &quot;Wind and Wuthering&quot; are perhaps the most emotionally felt songs I've ever heard.  This may seem ignorant, but even though i've yet to digest the lyrical content of those songs i feel deeply connected to lines like, &quot;Follow me! I'll play the game you want me&quot;.  It's that feeling that you can't quite put you're finger on yet you know there's something close to home and meaningful.  Genesis has the amazing ability to pack more emotion per measure of a song than any band i've ever known; some say it's pretentious and exaggerated, (however i would be disappointed if Genesis's heart wasn't in their work) but as long as your spirit is lifted after a particular listening then i believe, regardless of the band's intentions, the band has done their job.
B00003CXCS|5.0|What can you say about the Sound of Music that hasn't already been said?  I saw it when I was six and dreamed of being Leisl - and enjoyed watching my six year old enjoy the movie.  Just beautiful.
B000053GTK|5.0|After buying &quot;Octopus&quot; i had to see what else Gentle Giant had to offer.  With &quot;life in a glass house&quot; i'm now a full fledged Gentle Giant fan.  Before my &quot;discovery&quot; of GG i had always thought about the type of band i'd like to create; Gentle giant is all that and then some.  I love all the instruments they've incorporated into their music, and the unique sounds they've managed to tap from them never bores me, they're an endless musical journey.  I think what really gives them their unique sound must be accredited to their singers.  Those sweet sweet reniassance, madrigal sounding voices.  With harmonies like those of GG, one must have an incredible musical grasp; i'm guessing it's something they've always had rather than learned.  Never before have i witnessed a rock band dwell among the ledgendary musical minds of Mozart and Beethoven as Gentle Giant.  I can easilly see GG aiming for the impossible as had Mozart, and this is why i'm so in awe of them.  &quot;How'd they think to do that&quot; would be my most often thought when i listen to &quot;life in a glass house&quot;.  An aspiring musician such as myself can only dream of the level at which GG were at when creating their music.
6302732875|5.0|With such a dynamic movie - you won't even miss your coffee.  From start to finish - this is a riveting picture with top-notch actors and dialogue.  It is a somewhat long movie - but the story and acting is so interesting - time flies and you'll want more.  A great character study for those in sales, recruiting and any type of numbers game.<br />Just remember, coffee is for closers.
B000008H1W|4.0|This is my first album from Jethro Tull, and i must say that it has some of the best guitar, flute, and viloin playing i've heard.  The only thing that keeps this album from being perfect is Ian Andersons dominant vocal presense.  His reniasance/rock style can be a little overbearing and intrusive for a modern day rock listener.  Gentle Giant seems to pull off the madrigal/ rock fusion in a much more natural manner, and never seems out of place.  Tull can't quite make it work, but you'll not be disapointed, there's still great music and Anderson shines more than he flops.  I'm looking forward to seeing how &quot;Thick as a Brick&quot; sounds; I hear it's better than &quot;Minstel&quot;.
B000002GDJ|4.0|Sting has long since admitted that punk music was merely a flag of convenience for The Police in breaking into the English music scene of the late '70s. This seems to be backed up by the contrast between this album, The Police's second effort,and Outlandos de Amour, their first. The Police's debut album consisted mostly of in-your-face punk numbers, but it was the reggae-rock tracks (&quot;Can't Stand Losing You&quot; and the legendary &quot;Roxanne&quot;) that were the hits. Reggatta de Blanc seems then like a conscious effort to build on this success and to pull the group away from its initial punk leanings.<br />The album opens with &quot;Message in a Bottle&quot;, an uptempo rocker with a cool reggae-like chorus. This is followed by the title track, another reggae-tinged rocker. &quot;It's Alright For You&quot; seems to be a concession to the punk-rock crowd, with an energy reminiscent of the Outlandos track &quot;Truth Hits Everybody&quot;. &quot;Bring on the Night&quot; is a laid-back reggae-rock number featuring exceptional guitar work by Andy Summers, ranging from the spacey syncopated intro (later nicked by Stevie Nick's producers for &quot;Edge of Seventeen&quot;) to the intricate arpeggios of the verses and the arty riffs of the instrumental break. &quot;Deathwish&quot;, credited to all three bandmembers, probably evolved out of a group jam and would have worked just as well as an instrumental, since it showcases each musician at his most inventive. <br />How do mere words do justice to &quot;Walking on the Moon?&quot; From the hi-hat intro and the opening three-note bass riff, the song is a classic, far superior to the more popular &quot;Message in a Bottle&quot;. &quot;On Any Other Day&quot; is a funny Stewart Copeland number that's even funnier if you listen to what's being said by the falsetto vocal in the outro. &quot;The Bed's Too Big Without You&quot; is a cool little reggae number with a interesting fade-in intro and probably the best lyrics of any song on this album. &quot;Contact&quot; is somewhat simpler by contrast, yet it also works in its own way, both musically and lyrically. Sting and Stewart Copeland were never comfortable collaborators but somehow get past this general unease to produce the bittersweet &quot;Does Everyone Stare&quot;, a piano-driven number celebrating the awkwardness and angst of teenage crushes. The album's closer, &quot;No Time This Time&quot;, seems to me the only false note in this collection; it's a perfunctory punk rocker obviously done just to end the album, with minimal effort put into its writing (or recording, for that matter).<br />Reggatta de Blanc is easily the most satisfying of The Police's albums, with consistent songwriting and performance, and virtually no filler tracks. If I were ever trapped on a desert island, my &quot;message in a bottle&quot; would certainly be a request for a Reggatta de Blanc CD. And a Walkman on to which to listen to it :)
B000002KXV|5.0|His genius lies in his ability to create music that makes me feel glad to be alive, however whenever i see his writings (such as in the gaucho album liners) or hear him talk (at the rock and roll hall of fame, or at a concert between songs) i get the feeling Fagan doesn't take life as seriously as his music sounds.  I mean my first listen to his song Maxine, and the phrase &quot;try to hang on&quot; just made me melt.  Fagen in concert is twice as strong.  A night concert in Irvine, CA yr.2000 was absolutely magical for me.  Every time i hear A steely dan tune or Fagen's voice brings me back to that night.  Maybe we're being doublely fooled by Fagen's persona.  Maybe he really does appreciate life and realize the magnificance in the human experience?  I don't see how a person can create the music he does and have the attitude he does at the same time.
B000001IPL|5.0|This is one of my FAVORITE CD's.  Its got great songs, and its good to drive to or get ready to go out.  I never get bored listening to Offspring because they're songs are usually humourous, have a good beat and are great to sing along to while driving if you wanna release some stress.  But this is one is the best!  With songs like &quot;Self Esteem&quot;, &quot;Bad Habit&quot; and &quot;Come Out and Play&quot; this CD is a classic.  I would totally recommend this to any fan of punk music.
B000005IS1|5.0|This band along with the Stooges,Frijid Pink,Amboy Dukes,the Frost,and a host of others made up the great Detroit metal scene in the late 60's/early 70's (similer to the hair metal scene of Sunset strip in the 80's).
630469654X|5.0|&quot;Ladyhawke&quot; is as I wrote, a ten star movie. Five stars is not enough! This is an enchanting medieval tale of a pickpocket, Philippe Gaston the Mouse (Matthew Broderick), who escapes from the dungeons of Aquila. While trying to get as far away from Aquila as he can, he meets up with a mysterious knight, Etienne of Navarre (Rutger Hauer) and his hawke. Philippe finds out that the hawke is really the beautiful Isabeau of Anjou (Michelle Pfeiffer), Navarre's lover. Because of a curse by the evil Bishop of Aquila (John Wood), by day Isabeau is a hawk, by night Navarre is a wolf. Navarre vows to break the curse by getting into the Bishop's stronghold, by using the help of Philippe. A truly touching story which is my family's all time favorite. The acting is perfect, the director did a wonderful job, and Alan Parson's music in it is terrific! This is a must see! If you like this movie, I also recommend &quot;First Knight&quot; with Sean Connery, Richard Gere, and Julia Ormond. It is the story of King Arthur and his knights.
B00004U2G4|5.0|This was a great album by metal legend Jeff Beck. It was his best album by his Jeff Beck Group. It also showed that Rod Stewart could sing heavy metal. This is similer to Zep in style so it must be a winner!
0553579908|4.0|Shall I compare &#8220;A Clash of Kings&#8221; to Tolkien or Jordan?<br />Nope.  Let&#8217;s try &#8220;A Game Of Thrones.&#8221;<br />Having read more of George R.R. Martin&#8217;s work than this series, I must apologize for inferring he has no love of language.  That&#8217;s not true.  The man can write; he&#8217;s written more novels than this one, and he is versatile.  Therefore, I&#8217;m taking &#8220;A Clash of Kings&#8221; on its own merits.  (Word of support:  Martin is no Jordan/Tolkien clone.)<br />&#8220;Clash&#8221; introduces the Usurper Robert Baratheon&#8217;s brother Stannis, a contender for the Iron Throne, his brother Renly, and a priestess named Melisandre, who is perhaps the most frightening of any character Martin&#8217;s created so far.  Martin does a good job of setting up opposing characters whose differences aren&#8217;t obnoxiously obvious; Stannis is grim for solid reasons, whereas Renly exudes the confidence of someone who has been loved all his life.  (And by whom should be obvious to the reader&#8212;but I won&#8217;t give anything away).  The Lannisters are digging in, with Tyrion the Imp taking the reins at King&#8217;s Landing; Robb Stark has seized the North; Daenerys continues her quest for ships and armies with which to retake her kingdom; and Jon Snow finds a threat beyond the Wall that could make the war for the Iron Throne look like child&#8217;s play.<br />The battle scenes are done well&#8212;the Battle of the Blackwater is a fine one&#8212;and the characters are beginning to evolve from the original sketchiness of &#8220;Thrones&#8221;.  Tyrion is so clearly the smartest&#8212;and the best&#8212;member of the Lannisters, it&#8217;s hard not to root for the whole family to be washed out to sea and leave him in charge.  Cersei is revealed as a woman of drive, ambition and energy smothered in her forced role of docile mother and wife&#8212;albeit it&#8217;s hard to sympathize, as this woman condoned the attempted murder of a child who witnessed her in an incestuous embrace&#8212;while Sansa simply becomes more hopeless and pitiful.  A possible reason why the Stark children found the direwolves is made clear near the end of the book.  And if anyone wanted someone else to despise besides Joffrey, Theon Greyjoy steps up with his ambition to earn glory for himself by destroying the Starks.<br />I have complaints, but it&#8217;s nothing that probably won&#8217;t be taken care of in the following sequels.  Arya becomes more repellent and aimless with every chapter.  Bran&#8217;s fate in &#8220;Clash&#8221; is the most exciting thing to happen to him in the series so far.  I wish someone would club Joffrey and drop him down the sewers, and I really wish Catelyn Stark would either go home or get ambushed.  Yes, she&#8217;s Ned Stark&#8217;s widow, a grieving mother, etc.  She&#8217;s also the woman who told her husband&#8217;s illegitimate son that she wished he&#8217;d been crippled just because he was another woman&#8217;s child&#8212;she is as hateful in her way as Cersei[...]hild who witnessed her in an incestuous embrace&#8212;while Sansa simply becomes more hopeless and pitiful.  A possible reason why the Stark children found the direwolves is made clear near the end of the book.  And if anyone wanted someone else to despise besides Joffrey, Theon Greyjoy steps up with his ambition to earn glory for himself by destroying the Starks.<br />I have complaints, but it&#8217;s nothing that probably won&#8217;t be taken care of in the following sequels.  Arya becomes more repellent and aimless with every chapter.  Bran&#8217;s fate in &#8220;Clash&#8221; is the most exciting thing to happen to him in the series so far.  I wish someone would club Joffrey and drop him down the sewers, and I really wish Catelyn Stark would either go home or get ambushed.  Yes, she&#8217;s Ned Stark&#8217;s widow, a grieving mother, etc.  She&#8217;s also the woman who told her husband&#8217;s illegitimate son that she wished he&#8217;d been crippled just because he was another woman&#8217;s child&#8212;she is as hateful in her way as Cersei[...]
B00000761W|5.0|Great! Classic metal album-good for fans of Deep Purple!
B00005A1PR|4.0|Oh yeah... That's India for you...All Natural. And that's a good thing. Lettin' off vibes as the likes of Erykah and Lauryn, India's lyrics flows, forms seas of inspiration and makes you think...makes you reflect. Her style is real, its honest.  Listening to her tunes instill in you a sense of self-worth...of pride. If you're not too sure where your roots and values are, connect with this: Go out, get it, open up, and be true to yourself. It's all about loving every aspect of you, even if it's not what you see in videos.  Believe it Belize!
6305922756|5.0|If you enjoyed the film &quot;This Is Spinal Tap&quot; when it was originally released, you will absolutely love this 'Special Edition' DVD.  'Special' it is.  The DVD version of this film is exactly why I bothered to even buy a DVD player in the first place.  It is loaded full of scenes deleted from the original film, (and many are hilarious) and many of these &quot;deleted&quot; scenes lend credence to some of the storylines in the theatre version.  For example, Billy Crystal's mime character appears for several minutes, and Bruno Kirby's limo driver spends one wild night partying with Tap.  In addition, there are also music videos, original movie trailers, and a &quot;Listen to the Flower People&quot; press conference, which was not seen in the original film.  Finally, there is a feature where you watch the entire movie without sound, but you hear audio commentary from David, Nigel, and Derek that was recorded I believe back in 1999.  Diehard Tap fans will find this absolutely hilarious and very informative!    The problem with most DVDs is that you buy them thinking they will be somehow &quot;better&quot; than the original film version, and all you get is better sound and the &quot;widescreen&quot; version at home-to simulate you being at the theater.  You may get a music video at the end, but that's pretty much it.  With &quot;This Is Spinal Tap- Special Edition&quot;, you get so much more, and you'll love it!  Enjoy it Tap fans!
6300216268|5.0|If you want to be reminded of the sweetness of life, I recommend watching this movie.  There are some absurdly funny parts along with some tender, poignant moments.  I loved this movie for its message to enjoy life and being open to what others have to teach us and what we can teach them.
1577311760|5.0|I found this book to be very insightful, and not just in a spiritual way. Reading this book has changed how I view the world as a whole.
0440219078|4.0|I found the book The Giver to be a fairly good book, but found that some may find the aspect of &quot;release&quot; disturbing especially once they found out it involved the killing, dispatching or execution of infants, the elderly, and the innocent and guilty alike. I am sure everyone has their own idea of an &quot;ideal world&quot; and I could bet most would view that a real utopia allowed the people within more freedom of decision and action.
B00004U8JV|4.0|Does this movie have flaws? Yes, But at least it's a respectful sequel to the original. Jeff Goldblum is in fine form as the lead, and Pete Postlewaite is great as the big game hunter out for the ultimate game. The film is not as good as the first but its much, much better than Jurassic Park 3. This film deserves your attention, and it really does deliver on its thrills.<br />If you want to watch a real sequel to Jurassic Park that really delivers on what it promises, then The Lost World Is your Film.
0385484518|5.0|I started this book at two o'clock in the morning and I just couldn't put it down until I finished it. I had heard good things about this book, but it was even better reading it. Mitch's reunion with his favorite college professor is one that I will remember for the rest of my life. The talks they have about life are truly inspiring. Everyone should read this book, you will not be disappointed.
0425170349|4.0|As an avid (mu husband would say fanatical) fan of Clancy, I do believe this one fell a little short.  I do agree with another reviewer who said it appeared that the editor must have gotten involved in the process somewhere and told clancy to keep the number of pages down because this was left somewhat hanging -- but not in a sequel kind of way.  Would like to have seen Clark maybe trying to reconcile John Clark with John Kelly (after getting his identity back in Excutive Orders).  I love John Clark.  He is more like a lot of us - want to do the right thing and will do some &quot;wrong&quot; things to accomplish those right things.  Great read, but not the best.  Tom, write for us -- not your publishers!!
B000006XSD|3.0|Not sounding like I am restating what's allready been said, this album totally sucks but at the same time has some incredible moments of brilliance. The main problem is the sound quality. It is inconsistant from track to track. Fair at best on some tracks to absolute nausea on the others.  Audiophiles like myself will be turned off by the sound. Ever listen to a 20 year old cassette through an even older player with dirty, worn heads, being played in the next room through a brick wall?  that's about as accurate discription I can give. It is a hit and miss album for sure, but &quot;king of the silver screen&quot; is a career highlight for Alice. &quot;no more love at your convienience&quot; is soooo cheesy. I think it is actually a great song, and I do not go for disco. &quot;my god&quot; is incredible, but the sound  quality RUINS the song.  ' Alice must have been so out of it during the sessions that he purposely wanted the record to sound as hungover as he was. I can't speak of the cd version, but the original lp sounds horrible. If you can look past that handicap, this collection offers about half of its content as definately worthy.
B000002L9B|5.0|Next to Purple Rain, this is my favorite Prince recording.  It's generally overlooked because the movie was, well, awful, but don't overlook this CD.  Besides the popular hit &quot;Kiss&quot;, it also has a particularly great track I love to dance to called &quot;Boys and Girls&quot; not to mention &quot;Mountains&quot; and the crazy but catchy &quot;Anotherloverholeinyohead&quot;.  The title track is along the same melodramatic tune as &quot;Purple Rain&quot; and also a delight.<br />Bottom line: No Prince collection is complete without it this CD.  Give it a listen -- you'll find that you'll be humming it all day (and playing it at every party).
B000001OAA|5.0|This is yet another flawless compilation. There are plenty of outstanding songs here, like the cool \\"Supervixen\\", the aggressive \\"Stupid Girl\\" or the catchy \\"Dog New Tricks\\". There is an undeniable great somber mood about this album. Shirley Manson knows exactly what she's doin' with your ear, so sit back and enjoy this rock masterpiece.
0440214041|3.0|This book wasn't bad,and it wasn't that great. The book was streched way too long. But the plot was good. These two supreme judges were killed by the same person, and this woman wrote a brief on who she thought did it. She gives it to her lab professor, who hands it over to a FBI lawyer. When the professor later is killed by a car bomb, the woman, whose name is Darby, flees. When the same FBI Lawyer chases after her to protect her, he is killed also. Then Darby calls a reporter, and they team up to unmask the killer. This was a pretty decent book, better than some of John's other books. I recommend you read this book.
B000003AEB|5.0|The early ninties exploded with the aftermath of N.W.A. - Dr. Dre's solo debut album on the newly created Death Row Records.  This album, The Chronic, defined the game and made records.  On this incredible album in which Dre defined his unique style, G-Funk, he unearthed a diamond in the ruff, Snoop Doggy Dogg.  Performing on the majority of the tracks, the LBC rapper hooked audiences.  After The Chronic's success, expectations were set high for Dre's newest protoge.  When the album dropped in September of '93, all those expectations were surpassed and a sequel to The Chronic was created, Doggystyle.<br />The beats were signature Dr. Dre production, thick, layed back bass lines, high-end keyboard riffs, Eddie Hazel-ish guitar loops, horns, and a variety of unique samples.  The tone throughout this entire album is that of the blaxploitation movie &quot;Superfly&quot;.  The brilliant soundtrack by Curtis Mayfield is sampled on many different songs along with the dialog in the intro coming straight from the movie, only changed slightly.  Other samples include George Clinton, Parliment, Funkadelic, Ohio Players, Isaac Hayes, Lyn Collins, Tom Browne and many more.  The CD itself is a production masterpiece.<br />Snoop's lyrical delivery is top on this album.  Smooth, laid-back, twangy and witty, Snoop keeps it fresh on the whole CD.  Many other artists shine on this album as well including The Lady of Rage, Dat Nigga Daz, Kurupt, Nate Dogg, Warren G, RBX and The D.O.C.  Snoop shows his homage to the old-school hip-hop by covering Slick Rick's Lodi Dodi and further emphasizes his love for the 70's funk feel by inviting The Dramatics to do the vocal chorus in Doggy Dogg World.<br />The subject matter is pretty intense on this album, following the gangsta tradition: pimping, guns, 187s, chronic weed, alcohol, sex and other things relating to these genres.  If the offensiveness of the album can be overcome with an understanding of that this is what really happens and the fact the album is genius with its production, than it can be enjoyed.
0440234743|2.0|This book was a disappointment, I think John could of done better. The plot was how this old billionaire commits sucide just after he signs a new will. An alcoholic lawyer is sent into the jungles of Brazil to find one of the old man's daughters. The book needed more action, or SOMETHING interesting. Truthfully, don't read this book.
B00003CXFU|5.0|Based on a true story, Erin Brockovich makes you want to laugh, cry, and fight alongside the characters. Erin fights with her lawyer boss to make a large polluter pay their victims. This movie was great, a must see!
038542471X|5.0|This book was the first book I've read by John Grisham. The plot is how this kid named Mark Sway finds &quot;Romey&quot; a lawyer, trying to commit sucide. &quot;Romey&quot; tells him all about Barry the Blade, and how Barry killed a senator and where he buried him. Then the cops find out Mark knows where the body was buried.  Mark gets scared and he hires a lawyer named Reggie Love. I liked this book, you should read it too.
0783241569|5.0|Great movie, Great cast, Great soundtrack... Is there anything better than that?
0312932081|5.0|This is a great book. It take place with a boy nicknamed Ender. He goes to a battle school in space to prepare to be a general. Little does he know the teachers are purposely making the mock-battles harder. The ending of the book is far-fetched, but I enjoyed it. You should like this book.
B00004T37H|5.0|This movie is not only great in the artwork, but the message portrayed is great too. It's not something a young child should see due to language and violence... but for any adult its definitely #1!!!
0780020685|5.0|I was never much for subtitled films, until I saw this stunning film. If you ever wanted to see a classic film on DVD, but didn't know where to start, start with this one! The running commentary describes in great detail what the director did shot by shot and gives a good amount of history on the director and actors in the film.
0788821075|5.0|This movie will be remembered for ages as one of the best romances. Few pairs top the romance chart like Julia Roberts &amp; Richard Gere.
B00003CXA6|5.0|After watching every possible extra on this DVD, it has become the top pick out of the 175 DVD's I own. This was given to me as a gift, when I got out of the US Army, by a friend who knew how disappointed I became with the way the service was being run in the mid 1990's. After watching this film and becoming more aware of the sacrifices that were made during this war of the states, I found myself proud of my former profession once more. All the characters are played very well, and if you can, take the time to listen to the running commentary on this DVD, you wil learn more about this battle than you ever did in your history class!
B00003CXBK|1.0|I attempted to enjoy this movie for the animation and voice acting but simply could not because of the glaring antihuman sentiment of the film.<br />All of the human characters in the movie, save for the protagonist, were either portrayed as mindless drone workers or hatred-driven dictators out to destroy the &quot;intrinsic value&quot; of nature. The protagonist was the only human portrayed as a morally good character, mostly because of how she was defensive of nature rather than her own kind.<br />If you have esteem for yourself and others of your own species, you should probably avoid watching this movie; you most likely would not enjoy it.
0805062971|5.0|Wow!  Where to start?  First I'd like to clear up that Fight Club isn't for your average angry testosterone male.  Infact quite the contrary.  The author presents an often pessimistic, but very true perspective on overall society, making it not only a rollar coaster ride through the mind of Tyler Durden but a constantly flowing story that'll keep the most finicky reader on edge.  If you had to watch the movie at least twice to get it's full message, you're not the only one, and believe me you'll have to read the BOOK 10 times at least to grasp the full extent of Palahniuk.  If you take the time to read this book, you will find that a Tyler Durden dwells in each and every one of you to some degree, and to discover that is frighening and exciting at the same time..
B00004X01U|5.0|This record has a little bit of everything in it. &quot;Music&quot; reminds me of Muzak. &quot;Impressant Instant&quot; is OK, not my type. &quot;Runaway Lover&quot; is a lyrically soulful song. &quot;I Deserve It&quot; is beautiful and sad. I love this song! &quot;Amazing&quot; is AMAZING. &quot;Nobody's Perfect&quot; is a lovers' song. It's satisfactory at the beginning; then it gets deep and emotional at the end. &quot;Don't Tell Me&quot; is not my favorite song. There's nothing distinctive about it. &quot;What It Feels Like For A Girl&quot; is a very honest song. Madonna was singing the truth in that song. &quot;Paradise (Not For Me)&quot; sounds like a good club hit. &quot;Gone&quot; is long and sad.
B00000JPH5|5.0|I hadn't even heard of Labyrinth until a friend of mine got the soundtrack; everyone that found out I'd never seen it promptly insisted that I had to, and soon.  Since then, it's become one of my favorite movies!  I think we can all somehow relate to Sarah, who just wants to be left alone to live in her fantasy world without parents and annoying siblings.  Everyone she meets in the Labyrinth is so fun (partly because they are muppets), from the worm on the wall to the old man with the bird on his hat.  Jim Henson and George Lucas really did work their magic to its fullest on this film, creating an alluring fantasy world that can really draw you in.  Brian Froud's concepts/designs are awesome (as is everything he does), and really work well for the movie.  Pay attention to EVERYTHING; especially get a good look at Sarah's room in the beginning.  Along the way, you'll then start to notice the attention to detail that they paid when making Labyrinth.  If you are the intellectual type, you'll delight in discovering how psychological the whole thing is.  And alright, no Labyrinth review is complete without a comment on David Bowie.  Once again, I'd never seen him or known his music before, but I think anyone would agree that he was THE perfect choice for the Goblin King.  His acting is pretty impressive (and trust me, I'm picky); at times he can be very subtle (especially at the end) but very expressive at the same time.  And his whole persona (from rock star sex appeal to beautifully soothing speaking voice) works very well for the role.  To conclude, Labyrinth is a gem that will always be held up amongst the most classic of fantasy flicks, not only because of the entertainment factor, but also because of the craftsmanship.
B00004X01U|5.0|This record has a little bit of everything in it. &quot;Music&quot; reminds me of Muzak. &quot;Impressant Instant&quot; is OK, not my type. &quot;Runaway Lover&quot; is a lyrically soulful song. &quot;I Deserve It&quot; is beautiful and sad. I love this song! &quot;Amazing&quot; is AMAZING. &quot;Nobody's Perfect&quot; is a lovers' song. It's satisfactory at the beginning; then it gets deep and emotional at the end. &quot;Don't Tell Me&quot; is not my favorite song. There's nothing distinctive about it. &quot;What It Feels Like For A Girl&quot; is a very honest song. Madonna was singing the truth in that song. &quot;Paradise (Not For Me)&quot; sounds like a good club hit. &quot;Gone&quot; is long and sad.
B000050XEI|5.0|I recently bought &quot;A Day Without Rain&quot; and it's quickly become one of my most favorite CD's.  Enya has such an incredible voice, and the music is so beautiful!  This is the first CD of Enya's that I have bought, but it certainly will not be the last!
B000059XYM|3.0|Raunchy and gross humor is quite popular these days. But \\"Scary Movie\\" tops it. Most of the actors in the movie were unknown until this film, but they continue to get dumb, unintelligent roles.  See what this movie can do to your career? Anyway, the movie is very funny and I was laughing thtoughout the whole thing. However, I saw this movie with my mother. Never make that mistake! I'm not going to say anything bad about this movie, because it was quite good. But outrageous!
B00004Y6RO|4.0|Im not usually a type of person that you would think to like Slipknot, for example i mostly just like rap such as D12, Xzibit, and P Diddy.  One day i was a the local record store and noticed Slipknot... the masks looked pretty tight on the cover, so i decided to give a try and listen to some of the tracks.  From then on i was in love w/ Slipknot and all metal.  These lyrics were to my liking and the fast playing rock was just amazing.  Anyone who dosnt like this CD is probably some messed up nsync fan, so dont listen to em, pick up this cd now!! and get IOWA when it comes out as well!! (Go pick up D12 Devis night and Pennywise Land Of The Free too)
B00005LKHV|1.0|This is movie stupid and mindless. The whole thing is about sex, but at the same time, it's marketed to teen viewers. The movie is sending a wrong message. \\"If you're a virgin, that's bad.\\" Well, I kind of take that back, because I'm a girl. Guys are the ones who are usually eager to lose their virginity, whereas girls are encouraged to keep their chastity. No problem in that. The movie makes sex seem fun and as Jessica (Natasha Lyonne) said, \\"It's not a space shuttle launch, it's sex.\\" They don't show the reality of sex; STDs, pregnancy, other scares. Teens are beyond impressionable. They see this and feel that they need to do the things these 20-something actors playing high school students do. \\"Kids\\" is a better teen-sex movie. It's a blunt, shocking and real look at what may happen when you let your hormones get out of control.
B00003CWL6|1.0|The film is really nothing more than a bizzare portrayal of what happens when you mix self-absorbed people who let ordinary evil rule their lives with people who are just plain nuts. None of the characters are likable, and I found myself really not caring what happened to any of them by the end.<br />Why this got such critical acclaim is beyond me- I don't know whether we're supposed to believe this sort of thing happens in America every day (if we're really that far gone, we are in deep trouble) or if this is just supposed to be a black satire of social issues like family dynamics, drugs, and sexuality (if it is, it's not funny).
0767819594|5.0|This is my favorite movie because it's not your typical'teen' movie. I love Sarah Michelle Gellar's Kathryn and Reese Witherspoon's Annette. The movie was sexy without being trashy. The ending was rather sad, but added to the suspense. Because of this film, I watch &quot;Buffy&quot; all the time and Sarah Michelle is my utmost favorite actress. I honestly don't know any kids like these, but I'm sure they do exist and are in cahoots with destruction and seduction.
630575067X|2.0|The main problem with the movie is Jar Jar Binks.  There is no getting around it.  Millions of people hate his rubber guts.  He was given so much unfunny screen time that I won't be satisfied with Episode 2 unless those ...clones roast him alive on a spit....P>While EP1 isn't a terrible movie, its inferiority to the original trilogy is apparent if you watch this, then watch the originals.  Sure, there is a certain amount of Geroge Lucas goofiness that is part and parcel with the Star Wars universe.  Put in simple terms, the first three films were consistently fun, exciting and action-packed entertainment.  EP1 is even flashier but is nowhere near as consistently fun... most of the movie seems to be either the plot exposition and set-up for the NEXT movie, or soul-robbing screen time for Jar Jar.
B000059MEK|3.0|When I bought the first Daft Punk cd it was a relative new period within the genre Breakbeat and House. It was an era where Daft Punk and The Chemical Brothers had their entrance on the mainstream clubscene. I really like the first Daft Punk cd. And when I first heard Discovery, I just felt Woowww!! What a great and cool sound. I thougt: &quot;How experimental can you get?&quot;, &quot;How can a band like that make such different material in one cd?&quot;. The cd starts of with a typical French Disco House track &quot;One more time&quot;. Very intense indeed. And very much dansable. The whole cd is - isolated wieved - very good artistically. But after having heard it the first 7 or 8 times, I must confess that I find it a bit to boring for me. Perhaps due to the fact that several tracks have been radio and MTV hits here in Europe. A shame actually, because I kind of want to keep music like this to myself and my fellow fans of Disco House. I really don't think I would have bought the cd if I was to get one today. It is simply to boring for me.
B00005K3OT|4.0|Chocolat opens with a wide view of a small French town along the river. There is a fairytale quality to the opening as we see two figures wrapped in red capes swept along by a blustery north wind. They are about to arrive with a secret passed down through the ages and leave our little French village with a new outlook on life.<br />Our devote village, run by a self serving but dedicated mayor, is about to meet its match. The protagonist is a self-proclaimed single mother who announces to the mayor that she will not be attending Sunday services at the local church. It is the Lenten season and Easter is in the not too distant future so the members of the town have given up sweets as a sacrifice. Slowly they are lured into the chocolate shop where the magic begins to take place.  A wonderful film for all and well worth the viewing time.  Kelsana 8/17/01
0060931671|5.0|Her name is Oepida Maas. Her husband is Mucho Maas. Her lover was Pierce Inverarity who ran Yoyodyne Corporation in San Narciso. He psychiatrist is Dr. Hilarious. You get the idea - there are funny names in this story. Oepida is made the executor of Pierce's estate. Diligently, in this romance, satire, antidetective novel, she tries to find out the extent of her duties and the extent of the estate. Along the way, things go from simple to complex, ordered to disordered, concrete to abstract, just the opposite of the usual novel, and she becomes enmeshed in either a worldwide conspiracy called Trystero or enmeshed in her imagining of a worldwide conspiracy called Trystero, and organization, if it exists, dedicated to alternative culture and government derived from the Thurn and Taxis Postal system started in 1577 in Holland. Oepida's quest reminds me of the Faerie Queene charmed from her human virtues while searching for self-knowledge. Her sensitivity to external events and the hidden meanings in the nature of things (are they really there, those meanings?) reminds me of Emily's sensitivity to external things in The Mysteries of Udolpho. But her and Pynchon's language reminds me of nothing I have ever seen: It is an original blend of erudition, and slang with scintillations, multiple meanings, cross references, parody, outlandish puns, pawky black humor -- all of which is steadily and intelligently directed and reflects an extraordinary writing talent. The characters are everywhere plugged in elsewhere, so Oepida can't connect with anyone except perhaps her two lovers and then only tentatively: one leaves her for a teenager; the other kills himself. The plot is driven by concepts in physics including the second law of thermodynamics and Maxwell's demon as well as by the idea that information theory equations reduce to entropy equations. Indeed the theme is that the world's entropic decline is evidences by its capacity for bureaucracy, atomic war, and domestic violence, all of which can be prevented by an increase in meaningful human communications. I like that idea and I like the comic ribbings of California manners and pop culture gone to rock and ruin. This novel stands with The Great Gatsby in concise attempt to capture dangerous exaltations in the closed entropic system known to us as America and in so doing reasserts the wonder that can animate the novel.e, all of which can be prevented by an increase in meaningful human communications. I like that idea and I like the comic ribbings of California manners and pop culture gone to rock and ruin. This novel stands with The Great Gatsby in concise attempt to capture dangerous exaltations in the closed entropic system known to us as America and in so doing reasserts the wonder that can animate the novel.
1573225517|5.0|I really enjoyed the movie, and looked forward to reading the book.  I was surprised how faithful the movie was to the book, with the (large) exception of changing the setting from London to Chicago.  I found the book was a little more focused on its main theme, and did a better job of conveying that theme - but those are the limitations of a movie.  This is a well written book, that, if you enjoyed High Fidelity, gives you more to enjoy.
B00003CXS4|5.0|There's nothing like a cool diamond heist/comedy/crime flick, and Snatch embodies them all richly! Very smartly made, with great dialogue, and a fabulous cast. Jason Statham as &quot;Turkish&quot; is my favorite. But, Brad Pitt really pulls it off as &quot;Mickey&quot;, a gypsy whose dialogue is unintelligible at best. The DVD actually gives you the option of enabling &quot;Pikey&quot; subtitles so you can understand what Brad is saying. Brilliant! The DVD also includes deleted scenes, which after viewing them, one must feel sympathy for Guy Ritchie having to choose what to keep. Snatch boils down to one of those movies that is a must own, one that you'll pop in from time to time and enjoy every minute, all over again. I could go on forever.. but.. you've got some Snatch&quot;ing&quot; to do.
B000002MUW|5.0|Bed time stories  is really rare to me.  I've been looking all over for this CD in my country but couldn't find one.  This somehow describe that it is most wanted buy her fans.  Madonna is truly a star, most of the songs in this album are romantic love songs which will never fade.  Her voice simply makes the songs extraordinary. I love &quot;take a bow&quot; so much. And all the rest just make this album perfect.
0812550706|4.0|I read this book after I read Xenocide, Speaker for the dead, and Children of the mind from the same series. I am not quite sure why they are a series at all. This book is very different from the other stories. Compared to the other books which were more about moral issues and how to live a good life this book is &quot;just&quot; an adventure novel. Nonetheless, Card, the master storyteller wrote it and it is well worth reading.
B000002GAF|5.0|I've been listening to Gino Vannelli's music since his very first album and you can't get a better rounded musician.  His music is absolute perfection.  Everything is thought out to the last note.  I have ALL the albums Gino ever did.  My two favorites are 'Brother to Brother' and 'Live in Montreal'.  I just wish Gino comes out with another 15 albums before he decides to retire.  Thank you Gino for being with me in music for the last 25+ years.
B000023X9W|1.0|I've listened to this CD each time hoping that even one song would grow on me and become a favorite. I'm sadly giving up as even &quot;Nice to see you&quot; leaves me flat. Most of the lyrics seems forced and the tunes all seem familiar and never special. After Harvest Moon, I thought Neil was reaching news heights and certainly this CD would follow. It doesn't - I think this one will gather dust on the shelf.
0425107469|4.0|In this 1980s work by Dean R. Koontz, familiar territory of genetic experimentation is explored, and the theme of man aspiring to godhood recurs throughout the novel.  The basic plot concerns a genetically enhanced dog, 'Einstein', and his nemesis, a quasi-baboon creature called 'The Outsider'.  These two have a telepathic link, and since The Outsider wants to destroy the dog, most of the story involves the pursuit of evil after good.  The main human characters, Travis and Nora, are complex and well-drawn.  The peripheral characters are those found in many Koontz novels, some compassionate, some doomed, some tragic.  The best scenes are in the beginning, where Travis meets the dog, and later, when Travis, Nora, and 'Einstein' try to communicate; picturing a dog playing scrabble -- and learning to read a book -- is priceless.  There are some obvious plot developments, and the ending is a little unfinished, but there are enough twists and turns to keep one interested in how it all pans out.  A good summer book.
B000050FEN|5.0|One of the best movies on the 90's.  This movie is a not for the weak or naive.  The movie starts out slow and grabs you and gets you sucked into a violent world that we wish did not exist.  evrything about this movie is orginal and it has spawned countless clones that just don't come close.<br />This movie was not made to make money but to give you the killer's point of view so this is not your good guys win kind of movie.  Some of the best performances by Morgan Freeman, Brad Pitt, and Kevin (wait I won't tell you who the killer is) and a fantastic job of directing by David Fincher.  <br />The opening title sequence is brilliant.  While I am no fan of Gwyenth Paltrow, I will tell that the tension between her and Brad Pitt resembles the tension of Nicole Kidman and Tom Cruise in Eyes Wide Shut.(note that both couples have gone there seperate ways).<br />Morgan Freeman shines in this movie as a Veteran Detective ready to retire and Brad Pitt is a new detective ready to conquer the world of crime.  The murders in this movie revolve around the seven deadly sins NUFF SAID.<br />Things to look for in this movie a great appearance by Richard &quot;Shaft&quot; Roundtree, a scene that made me jump out of my chair(can't tell you when), Pitt really did injure his hand in this movie which only makes it more authentic, and a shocking &amp;  original ending which never happens in movies anymore.<br />I have seen this movie on VHS, VHS Widescreen, Laser Disc, &amp; DVD the only way to view this movie is on DVD New Line Platinum Series.  DO NOT watch the early crummy version on DVD that you need to change sides on the DVD halfway into the movie.
6305014140|3.0|Animation aside, this movie is simply a ninja B-movie. Everything is too theatrical and extreme to really stir any emotion - except maybe for the ninja woman's character. The plot isn't too inventive - and the blind ninja thing has been used to death in so many movies.  As for animation, I've heard someone comparing this to Akira - but you  really can't, Akira is much more fluent and detailed. Then again, maybe  it's just me - I've never loved martial arts films. By the way, I think the film's use of gore simply made it a bit ridiculous - it's highly unrealistic for blood to gush out of an open wound like from a fire-hose.
B00004XONN|5.0|This whole album gives me the chills. Listen to this music with your lover, you guys will grow closer together. Yorke is a man with a heart filled up like a landfill, every song is so emotionally packed, he is a genious. Not as &quot;cohesive&quot; as OK Computer but just as unique. The quality of every song here is top notch.  Radiohead puts so much thought into every song it is amazing, but that requires you think as well.  Of course this album is &quot;weird&quot; and &quot;other worldly&quot; but it is the most creative combination of noise and words Ive ever heard. Definitely a &quot;smart person&quot; album. I have friends who are basically dumb and simply can not put up with the complex arrangement that is Kid A. <br />Do your homework to this album and you will get all Kid A's.
6305537542|5.0|In the fall of 1978, little known horror/action film director, John Carpenter, unleashed upon the unsuspecting movie-going public a motion picture experience the likes of which they would never forget.<br />A film about a little boy, named Michael, who 15 years after killing his older sister, escapes from a sanitarium and returns to his home town of Haddonfield, IL to continue his bloody, psychotic killing spree on Halloween night.<br />A film so incredibly terrifying and overwhelmingly suspenseful that it led movie critic Roger Ebert to say, &quot;...I would compare it to 'Psycho'&quot;.<br />The movie, a small independent horror film made for only around $300,000, entitled &quot;HALLOWEEN&quot;.<br />There are many characteristics of &quot;Halloween&quot; that truly set it a mark above every horror/suspense movie that has followed it to date.<br />#1  The film itself is very well written, and, unlike the many films that have followed in its footsteps, truly does rely on suspense and atmosphere to provide the terror it emanates rather than simply a lot of blood and gore.  This gives &quot;Halloween&quot; a very Hitchcock-ian feel, making Mr. Ebert's comparison of it to &quot;Psycho&quot; entirely precise and very well-placed.<br />#2  Michael Myers  is a very straightforward presence, he really is &quot;pure evil&quot; and he doesn't pretend to be anything else.  He is what he is, and that's it.  Unlike the current trend of horror films which tend to make a guessing game out of discovering the identity of the killer, who usually turns out to be only half evil anyway, there is no pondering upon that matter here.  Michael is a killing machine (much like the Great White Shark in &quot;JAWS&quot;) whose only motivation is to stalk each of his victims methodically and systematically until the time is just right for him to make his next kill.  Michael (aka &quot;the Shape&quot;) is exactly the kind of villain that serious audiences watch horror films for, one that is so realistic that it's terrifying.<br />#3  Every single actor/actress in &quot;Halloween&quot; was cast perfectly for his/her role.  Nick Castle gives the definitive portrayal of Michael Myers (his actions and emotions truly do show through the mask and mechanics suit, a feat only a true actor could ever achieve), Jamie Lee Curtis (in her motion picture debut) is excellent as the film's heroine Laurie Strode (in my opinion this is absolutely her finest performance), and Donald Pleasance turns in a stellar, Oscar-worthy performance as Dr. Sam Loomis.  Those 3 are certainly the the film's stand-outs, but P.J. Soles and Nancy Loomis are quite fine in their roles as well.<br />#4  The musical score for &quot;Halloween&quot;, composed by John Carpenter, is very chilling and sets the tone for the film perfectly.  The &quot;Halloween&quot; theme is indeed the scariest and most recognizable in all of horror film history.<br />Everyone that was involved in the process of bringing &quot;Halloween&quot; to &quot;life&quot;, knew exactly what they wanted to achieve when making this movie, and that fact shows through clearly in every scene in the film, from beginning to end.<br />&quot;Halloween&quot; is truly a horror film landmark.  It has led to many inferior (not necessarily all bad) imitations including &quot;Friday the 13th&quot;, &quot;A Nightmare On Elm Street&quot;, and &quot;Scream&quot;, just to name a few.<br />The &quot;Halloween&quot; series itself now includes 7 films, with number 8 set to be released in the fall of 2001.  The highlights in the series are the original film, &quot;Halloween II&quot; and &quot;Halloween H20&quot;.  All the films (including the infamous &quot;Halloween III: Season of the Witch&quot;), however, are thoroughly entertaining and very enjoyable.<br />&quot;Halloween&quot; certainly is a classic.  Anyone, even those who don't particularly care for horror, who hasn't seen it yet, should make it a point to do so.  I promise, they won't be disappointed.ppointed.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This movie u must see to understand, sort of like memento if you have seen it. it plays with your head. some exellent cinematography, and this movie is very well acted by edward norton and brad pitt. edward norton tags along with brad pitt after starting a &quot;fight club,&quot; an underground boxing club where guys come to take their aggression out on one another. very hard to describe the entire movie, just buy it and see it, its that good. trust me.
B00000B1OI|5.0|This was my introduction to Opeth, and a very good introduction it is! Probably not as accessible as My Arms, Your Hearse or Morningrise for new Opeth fans, but brilliant none the less. The songs on this album began Opeth's trademarks: Long songs that grab your attention and wont let go until the last note and transitions from distorted, melodic riffing to beautiful acoustic passages then back to distorted electric guitars again! <br />My favourite song would have to be &quot;The Apostle In Triumph&quot;, but all songs by Opeth are VERY good in my opinion. Get this, Morningrise, My Arms, Your Hearse, Still Life and Blackwater Park as well...That would be all of their records! They are all excellent. Good stuff.
0792839749|1.0|The movie is fantastic, but this edition of the DVD is NOT widescreen format!
B000009QPE|5.0|1986 was a great year for metal.  &quot;Master of Puppets&quot;, &quot;Peace Sells, But Who's Buying?&quot;, and, of course, &quot;Reign In Blood&quot;.  The album that literally defined the thrash sub-genre.  This is Slayer at their gruesome, horrific best.  Tom Araya creates vivid dark lyrical imagery that is complemented by King and Hanneman's wicked guitar slashing and Lombardo's maniacal drumming.  The couplet &quot;betrayed by many, now ornaments dripping above&quot;, from &quot;Raining Blood&quot;, still sends chills down my spine after all these years.  When I first heard this album, I was in the first grade.  I was hooked.  Metal music has been a way of life for me ever since that fateful day.  If you're looking for music to release some angst, buy this album and join me and everyone else that has been taken for a hellish ride with the Slatanic Wermacht.
B0000062FN|5.0|Based upon the liner notes from the Best of Santana, Carlos was dissappointed with the recording of this record. Totally mind-boggling.  This CD is just loaded with memorable moments.  Even the song-writing was improving.  Both Everything Is Comming Our Way and Taboo feature some subtle hooks and soulful vocals from Greg Rollie.  Not too mention some smokin' guitar solos from Carlos and Neal Schon.  And what about the wah wah infected solo on Everybody's Everything?  Definitely one of my all time favorite guitar solos.  Tower of Power contributes nicely here as well.  Guajrina offers a nice divergence from the usual heavy handed stylings.  Gotta love the trumpet solo.  Heck almost everything on here is spectacular.  Some may get a little tired of the excessive percussion beats.  Those who don't care for excessive isntrumentals may pass as well.  However, this is Santana at its best and I would certainly rate this at least on the level of Abraxas if not slightly better.
B0000027I6|5.0|Amused to Death is already 9 years old. It's like those long lasting friends you meet every once in a while.  They don't only remind you of past days, but they make you become what you are, every time. Something like that happens with great Pink Floyd albums.  And it happens with this one, Mr. Waters' best solo. Don't be surprised if you find yourself listening to it once you are *quite old*.  I will.
0812932293|1.0|Just because someone is successful, does not make him a good writer. As intriguing as the title may be, this bio was just plain boring.  The chronological format does not work as Branson just rambles and rambles.  My gosh, he hardly talks about his wife at all and then out of the blue he interjects oh I married her.  I forgot his wife's name out of shear boredom.  Anyway, after reading 90 pages I returned this puppy to the library. Boooooring!
B00003CX95|5.0|SAME PERSON.....<br />This is without a doubt one of the best films of all time. I am not really a gigantic moive fan, but I have seen a lot of movies and I know a good movie when I see one, and I know a great movie when I seen one, and then of course I know a brilliant movie when I see one. Braveheart is beyond brilliant, its amazing how Gibson can be the main actor and direct the entire film, if the film was smaller and not as long and well put together I would understand how one person could do it all. This and Randsom are the best movies I have Mel Gibson act in. Mel in my opinion is the best male actor I have seen in any movie.
B000009EAD|5.0|This album is absolutely amazing. For the past 15 years or so I've been listening to metal, with my favorite stuff being mostly metal from the 80s such as Iron Maiden, Metallica, Anthrax, Megadeth, Testament, Overkill, etc... For some reason I'd never heard of Iced Earth until recently, when seeing good reviews on Amazon I gave them a chance. Needless to say I was blown away. Within a week of buying Horror Show I bought all of their albums, and while they are all great, Something Wicked is my favorite. I don't want to bore you with a song by song breakdown (I'm sure someone else has already done that anyway), all I can say is that Iced Earth has been terribly underrated, and if you are a fan of metal please give this album I try, you won't be disappointed.
B000001G16|5.0|An amazing debut album!  Since buying this masterpiece I've never looked back! It is packed with fantastic songs ranging from the bluesy title track to the rockin' Rosie (co-written with Mr. Bon Jovi). Further collaborations with musicians such as Eric Clapton give this album depth and it is good to hear David Bryan and Tico Torres playing on the album. There are no bad songs on this album and 7 out of the 10 are fantastic, the two best songs being Ballad Of Youth and Father Time. Richie shows off talents that take a back seat in the band, such as his electric voice, and he really shows us what he can do with a guitar. Head and shoulders above Jon's solo efforts, I can't recommend this album enough, and I can't wait for the next one!!!
B000002C25|4.0|If the naive but brilliant songs from Definitly Maybe show Oasis as they entered the tunnel of fame, then Be Here Now is definitly what came from the other end, when they were not only the best rock band in the entire world (even though U2 gets close), but the most famous too. Just that front cover, with the Roller in the swimming pool, says it all! Still, the songs are fantastic, ranging from the seminal Stand By Me, to the iconic climax of &quot;All Around the World&quot;. If you want to buy an Oasis album, buy Morning Glory, but if you've already got it, then buy this. You won't be dissapointed!
B000050XEI|2.0|Thought I might find out what the fuss is about. Pure vapor. It's the type of record that you put on in the background to soundtrack every day activity since most Americans can't handle silence any longer. Then if you try to listen it's so slight that it dissapears. Absolutely no substance - just wallpaper.
0446677450|3.0|What I did like about the book was that one should focus on buying assets, not liabilities.  I know that's elementary but I think it's important.  Maybe he should have spent some time explaining how to turn your liabilities into assets.  There, there's a book for somebody to write.<br />I guess a lot of people want a book that says, step by step, how to become rich.  There are tons of books out there that insinuate that that's what they do, but 99% of them are bogus and I haven't found any of the 1%ers.  This isn't one of them.<br />One thing I didn't like was the author saying, in effect, the way to make money in stocks is to put a lot of money in a stock that is about to take off, per &quot;insiders' information&quot;.  Yeah, that's real practical.<br />I think I know the real way to get rich.  I'll give you a hint, Kiyosaki did it, Carlton Sheets did it, Robert Allen did it.  No, not real estate.
0452277752|5.0|This 1977 novella is prophetic of the various high school massacres still to come by then and that have flourished over the last twelve years or so, and particularly the one at Columbine High School. A teenager gets berserk one day and takes his class hostage after killing two teachers. The class is then turned into a reality show during which the students reveal themselves and settle accounts. \\"Where is the monster that walks tonight?\\" Stephen King asks. The monster is inside the teenager because teenagers have learned how to stifle their own screams and to let the poisoned apple grow on the branches of the inner tree, a poisoned apple that bleeds inside like some cancer. The monster is the apple of knowledge proposed by the snake to Eve and Adam but it gets swallowed by the snake itself. When the snake swallows its apple it becomes catatonic like Ted at the end of the novella. But to get to that point Charles Decker, the student who brought a weapon to school and took his class hostage, uses the Stockholm syndrome to manipulate the class into revealing their secrets which will bring Ted to his catatonic state. There Stephen King forgets absolutely no causes for this inside bleeding reality of the teenager who has swallowed his scream. Fathers and mothers are taking advantage of their children. The high competitiveness that is imposed onto the children who become real mental cannibals against their own friends. The school system and the teachers, particularly the administration of the school, principal and guidance counselors, are severely accused of warping the children into monstrosity. Not necessarily by evil acts, though the imposed silence of the inner suffering is a crime against humanity, the monster is carefully and very actively nourished with all kinds of rules that lock the suffering inside the heart and the mind of the kids. Sooner or later it must break and it does break. After the drama then justice with three bullets will miss killing the rebel who will survive in some psychiatric hospital as insane and irresponsible. Psychiatry will get the mission of keeping that crazy young man inside some locked walls forever or at least for a very long time, and the catatonic one, the one who did not manage to get his evil out like the others will be progressively plunged into some deeper state that will become a coma and death. Psychiatry is the jailer and the undertaker. Add that that the guidance counselor who is shown as a cowardly and vain false scientist and even doctors who are only interested in their own balance that they keep by nurturing the suffering of others, here children who become the guinea pigs of their own psychosis and frustration. Medicine is not better I must say and is the institution that is entrusted with giving the sick and the guilty the last rites before dying, some kind of secular extreme unction. The horror of this novella is in that depicting a society that inseminates and then grows and raises with great care the very evil that will destroy the weak and the impatient, those who will not be able to resist and those who will rebel and will be brought down like weeds in a field. In a way it is at times poignant to see that sorting out of those who will have the right to survive in this society because they do not jeopardize it.<br /><br />Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne, University Paris 8 Saint Denis, University Paris 12 Cr&eacute;teil, CEGIDill survive in some psychiatric hospital as insane and irresponsible. Psychiatry will get the mission of keeping that crazy young man inside some locked walls forever or at least for a very long time, and the catatonic one, the one who did not manage to get his evil out like the others will be progressively plunged into some deeper state that will become a coma and death. Psychiatry is the jailer and the undertaker. Add that that the guidance counselor who is shown as a cowardly and vain false scientist and even doctors who are only interested in their own balance that they keep by nurturing the suffering of others, here children who become the guinea pigs of their own psychosis and frustration. Medicine is not better I must say and is the institution that is entrusted with giving the sick and the guilty the last rites before dying, some kind of secular extreme unction. The horror of this novella is in that depicting a society that inseminates and then grows and raises with great care the very evil that will destroy the weak and the impatient, those who will not be able to resist and those who will rebel and will be brought down like weeds in a field. In a way it is at times poignant to see that sorting out of those who will have the right to survive in this society because they do not jeopardize it.    Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne, University Paris 8 Saint Denis, University Paris 12 Créteil, CEGID
0312243022|3.0|Maybe it's because I'm unfamiliar with Virginia Woolfe, but this book didn't do much for me.  There were a lot of literary allusions to Woolfe's writing which I did not get.  I think that if you didn't read Woolfe and or if you don't like her style, then you won't like this book much.  I would save it for the future after you've come to appreciate Virginia Woolfe.  I myself am not a Woolfe fan, I've tried to read Orlando twice now, and each time I'm bogged down by the language, and Orlando is supposed to be Woolfe's most accessible book.  You could still follow The Hours  because it does have a plot of its own.  The three women in the book eventually all tie together in the end.  Clever people will figure out the ending 1/2 way or 3/4 of the way through the book though.
0380796090|4.0|Brought it with me on vaction, thought it a great light read. The only problem was I finished it way too fast.  The author grabs you right away when she discribes the main character just having a baby and then her husband entering the room to say he's leaving her. SHOCK! SHOCK! SHOCK!
6303471730|4.0|While this is an older movie,it is a very good one that will entertain people even today. If you are a John Wayne or a Maureen O'Hara fan this movie is a must!
0553106635|5.0|By the third book of the series, a lot of characters have died. It is hard to tell good from evil, and you might find yourself changing opinions about many of the characters that survive so far. Take the Kingslayer for instance. In this book is explained WHY Jaime slew Aerys. Placed in his position, I would have done the same thing. Stark assumed to judge Jaime for what he had done without knowing the real story... I really pity Lannister for the reputation he got, underservedly.<br />Also, you see that the characters evolve during this book, under the stress of the events. Or maybe I should say, you start to understand them better, like Jaime. For the most part while reading the book I felt a sadness for all of the people who were squabbling and killing and ...and dying, while unbeknownst to them, the darkness encroached. Soon every man will have to choose whether to follow the Road of Darkness, or the Path of Light... Maybe THAT is what's happeing to all the characters.. they are choosing....
0451197879|5.0|This is a Richard Bachman book. Here one male individual, due to some roadwork around his home, blows his top and gets destructive against this consumer's society that does not provide individuals with peace and quiet, security and a healthful and healthy future. he becomes berserk and he starts destroying anything that comes from there, from out there, from this society, and then symbolically this society itself. And he does that to celebrate Christmas and New Year. His solution is final and has no return. This book reveals that a society that does not provide people with an outlet for their desire for change, a procedure for them to change their society in a way or another, they have to turn violent one way or another, either violent against other people or violent against themselves. The development of globalization is a perfect demonstration of this phenomenon. The global process is not under the control of the people, so they become discontented and they may become violent : violent in demonstrations, violent in their everyday life, violent against other people or themselves, even suicidary. Their aim becomes the pure and simple destruction of everything they can lay their hands on and that represents, in their eyes, this global society. Here it will be a McDonald restaurant. There it will be a confrontation with the police. Overthere it will be the destruction and looting of stores. And so on without any limits. This book is a call for a society where every individual will be associate with the decisions and will be able to air their ideas, opposition or agreement, a society where the opinions of individuals will be absolutely crucial, asked for and respected. And this starts at the local level. This book is very pessimistic about our society, but maybe our society deserves this pessimism. Dr Jacques COULARDEAU
B00005B4GU|4.0|I'm the type of person who can't bring myself to hand out a 5-star rating until an album has commanded my respect for years. Since Amnesiac has only been out a couple of months, I can't go there yet - but I'll be shocked if I'm not calling it a five-star classic in a little while. This album makes the same kind of profound impact that OK Computer made a few years ago. Buy it and play it a lot - it just keeps getting better.
B00005LMBK|4.0|Be fair my friend, Clint Eastwood is not the only good song of the album. That's all I have to say.
B00005M989|4.0|I agree with all the other reviews in that I don't think this is his best, but a sampling of his biggest radio hits. Maybe what they should have called this is &quot;An Introduction to Prince&quot; and fans would have been happier. Nevertheless, we all grew up with these songs, so this would be a perfect gift for someone who you want to encourage to check out his albums or even for someone who needs to be reminded how great this guy is, since I haven't heard him dominate the charts since 1994. I think this release was inspired by Prince's &quot;Hits&quot; type shows that he has been putting on since 1997 and the Grateful Dead-type fanbase that he has been cultivating and perhaps they want to make some money off of what he's been doing lately. Either way, the disc does end with a hit which wasn't captured by the previous hits collection, &quot;Money Don't Matter 2Night&quot;, which has an anti-Persian-Gulf-War message built into the song that was rare at the time (1991, when the war was going on) and fits perfectly with current events as the US is having renewed troubles with Iraq and war always being a possibility in an unstable, volitile world. Putting all concerns about possible greedy record companies aside, it's not a bad way to re-introduce Prince to a new generation of listeners.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Wow. What an album. Makes you do exactly what good music should make you do; feel and think. I heard \\"Let Down\\" for the first time driving in my car. I HAD to pull over and just listen. I could sit and analyze and reason and tell you all about how \\"musically valid\\" this CD is, but instead I will tell you this: After listening to this CD you will begin to understand why having a convenience store on every corner should frighten you to death.
0451196716|5.0|This is one of Richard Bachman's books. The situation is extreme and it deals with the practice of a competition to the most absolute ending possible. It is a walking competition. It has a starting line but it has no finish line. The finish line will be determined by the distance the winner will be able to walk, when he is the last one on the road, because all those who stop or try to escape will be put to death. This is a denunciation of absolute competition, even of competition per se. To compete is to want to defeat the others, to crush them under one's foot, and hence it contains a destructive objective that goes against any kind of human project. It leads to practices that are unfair, unjust, unacceptable like the use of doping drugs, like the use of pushing the others off the track, like the use of limited and hidden violence to get rid of the opponent, etc. One should see the practices that emerge in cycling for instance, in the pack at the head of the race, a pack of mostly wild animals. Brutality on soccer fields or rugby fields is well known in some countries, etc. Here Bachman pushes the game to its logical ending. If you enter a competition you can only get out of it dead or the winner. Competition is torture, even on oneself, in order to determine who the best one is. Unacceptable. We dream of sports that would be more humane and less beastlike. But is there one sport where this competitive spirit does not govern the psychology of the players ? In universities this is called the paper chase. But in sports it is a flock of rats or spiders that have to conquer their grub by eliminating their opponents and competitors. We dream of practicing a sport just with oneself and competing with only oneself, trying to go beyond one's own limits but not pushing others off the race to get the title or the medal. Dr Jacques COULARDEAU
B00005221L|4.0|This DVD has a lot of artifacts from the film transfer, scratches, dust, etc.
B000002BBY|4.0|let's burst the bubble before I go any further... this isn't a classic album.<br />It is and was, however, a good album filled with excellent singles.  If the Gallagher bros. had it in mind to emulate the Stones and the Beatles, they got closer to the Stones in that regard.  So let's think of Oasis as a singles band, and we'll all be a lot happier with the results.<br />Case in point, this, their sophomore release.  about 4 superb songs (Champagne Supernova, Wonderwall, Don't Look Back in Anger, Some Might Say), a few fair-to-middling (Roll With It, the title track), and the remaining filler (She's Electric, particularly).  My barometer is hummability and longevity, and about seven years after the fact, I can still get a bar singing along to the hits from the first 2 notes.<br />Their reworking of the Beatles/Stones pastiche never got, or will ever get better than this album.
B00005K3OT|5.0|The more I watch Chocolat the more I love it. It really brings out my rebellious side and makes me want loads of chocolat!
0789723107|5.0|I really loved to read this book. It is such a joy in every respect. It is at the same time easy to read and intelligent. It has things to say of tremendous value. It has a beautiful lay out and design. It has only necessary words. It is short and full of contents. <br />A must for every one having somehow to do with the creation of the web and for everyone who just wants to have a good time reading.
B000006MV8|5.0|I bought \\"Straight Up\\" on vinyl, a 2 Lp set import from England. The second Lp is the bonus tracks included on the remastered compact disc which was released in 1993.  The vinyl version comes in a gatefold cover, laminated, and has been digitally remastered.  It sounds great.  This album is excellent and the bonus tracks sound good too.  Production by George Harrison on several tracks and the finishing touch by Todd Rundgren created a classic album.  Keyboards by Leon Russell and slide guitars by Pete Ham and George Harrison make \\"Day After Day\\" a classic.  A bonus version of \\"Baby Blue\\" which Todd Rundgren remixed for release as a single is different from the album version.  Bonus versions of \\"Perfection\\" \\"Name of The Game\\" and \\"Money/Flying\\" sound great and are different than the album versions.  I have this on vinyl, Apple, original release in 1972, sealed.  When I saw an import version on vinyl, I ordered immediately.
B00003CXXJ|5.0|I'll be honest. The only reason I went to see this movie is because the movie I was waiting in line for, sold out four people in front of me. After recovering from that, we checked the movie times and Shrek was the only movie that fit into our schedule. We went expecting to be seated next to three year olds with their grandmothers but after laughing soda out of my nose in the first scene, I knew we had made a poor judgement call. I have never laughed out loud so many times in a movie theatere before. Besides being hilarious, the plot is actually pretty cute too, and all the fairy tale creatures living in a modern times kind of world was pretty interesting. For once, I was glad the movie I wanted to see was sold out, even though I burned my nose with soda.
B000059Z8J|4.0|I really enjoyed most of this movie. I would have given it 5 stars if it wasn't for Margot Kidder's role as Lois Lane. I found her to be very irratating. What's the deal with the poem recital when she's flying with Superman?!?! Good thing it's easy to fast forward on a DVD.
0201633612|5.0|Anybody involved in object oriented programming should own this book and browse once in a while through it. It is the classic in patterns.<br />Too bad that it is no book for reading from cover to cover though.
B000002HRE|4.0|Although this recording is not in the same vein as some of their earlier works, this still rocks.  The songs, while slower, still are very heavy and there still are plenty of riffs to keep people happy.  The last song, &quot;Fixxxer&quot; is the best song on the whole album, even though the song is to short.  All in all, this is one of their heaviest albums.
B000000Y1H|5.0|&quot;Brilliant Corners&quot; was the first Monk recording I ever heard.  It's a bizarre composition, like a huge, lumbering elephant who had a bit too much to drink and is let loose in a skating rink.  The behemoth rolls around clumsily, falling down, getting up, banging into the walls, you get the idea.  When I heard it, I was hooked.  Monk wouldn't have been able to pull it off without all-star accompanists; Sonny Rollins contributes a great solo, and Max Roach's drumming holds it all together.  The other tunes are also wonderful, if a bit more normal: an eccentric blues (Ba-lue Bolivar Ba-lues-are), a solo rendition of &quot;I Surrender, Dear&quot;, the beautiful ballad &quot;Pannonica&quot; (where Monk doubles on celeste), and a bombastic interpretation of &quot;Bemsha Swing&quot; with Max Roach on tympani.  This is an essential jazz classic and one of Monk's best in a band setting.  Pick up this, Monk and Coltrane, and Monk's Music and you will be sold on this great musician.
B00004U8P9|5.0|Words can't describe how fabulous this DVD is.  The movie itself of course is wonderful, but there are so many extra features.  From the audience participation to the theatrical trailers,  it is a Rocky Horror fan dream come true.
0425098478|5.0|This book is astonishing. Teachings on leadership is truly applicable. Short book and story telling format allows one to read it in 1 minute and apply it right away! Take it to action people! I never thought this book would be helpful but it changed my perspective on managing people. At home or bussiness, this book contains infinite wisdom on how to make people truly happy and enjoy what they do. Whether you are a parent of a single child or an older brother of your family, this book will surely help you to bring your families and friends to happiness and success. &quot;Be strict to yourself and only to yourself and mellow with others around you.&quot; Enjoy!!
B00003CY5K|5.0|I went to see \\"Legally Blonde\\" with my best friend....definate chick flick and VERY entertaining and funny. The commercials looked better unfortunatley, but the movie still deserves [more stars than I can give it](lol). I may be young, but I deffinatley suggest this movie for any teen, pre teen, or young adult!
B00004W50T|5.0|The Band's two acknowledged classics are Music from Big Pink and the second, self-titled album.  Like the other reviewers, I prefer Big Pink.  The Band is a great record, rooted in Americana, and definitely shows more a more developed approach; but Music from Big Pink is a completely timeless masterpiece.  It has hints of 60s psychedelic rock, but has a rootsy aesthetic, with well-crafted songs and an almost obsessive emphasis on arrangements.  Every song is a classic.  Pianist Richard Manuel contributes about a third of the songs, including the anguished &quot;Tears of Rage&quot; (co-written with Bob Dylan) and &quot;In a Station&quot; while Robbie Robertson wrote the classic rock hit &quot;The Weight&quot; and three other songs.  The album closes with a beautiful recording of Dylan's &quot;I Shall be Released&quot;.  Music from Big Pink definitely belongs in your collection.
B00004XQ83|5.0|My husband and I enjoyed the movie and then thought nothing of it. On the way to the outlet malls one Sunday, we heard a story about the music and musicians on NPR. My husband rushed into the music store and purchased the CD as well as the benefit CD by the same artists. Good thing he did. It was the last one of both! Great music. My father even tried to steal them!
0792839234|2.0|&quot;Phantasm&quot; is a movie that has so much going for it you can't help but get disappointed when it starts going down the drain.  It's a low-budget horror that came out of the 1970s 'renaissance' and boasted a combination of horror and science fiction (although neither aspect is particularly strong).  However, the interesting ideas of the story (corpses being transformed into dwarves, the murderous silver sphere, the Tall Man, etc.) aren't fully realized, and the lapses in logic and common sense grow tedious long before the movie's over.<br />Even a film that lacks coherent sense needs just the slightest foundation of plot to be enjoyed (i.e.--anything by Lucio Fulci), which is where &quot;Phantasm&quot; falls short.  A noble effort--my review actually leans more toward 2.5 stars--but I can't recommend it.<br />On the plus side, the musical score is effectively spooky, much like a John Carpenter/Alan Howarth collaboration crossed with Goblin.
B000002HIK|4.0|This album is in my oppinion better than teh richard D James album, it is Very Very Good, Especially the Track 'Icct Hedral&quot; Witch i think is the best track on the album, with a constantally changing distorted synth and a symphony of different instruments, it is one of the best songs, also other very entertaining songs are &quot;Acrid Acid Jam&quot; witch contains a nice drum beat and tons of synths. &quot;Ventolin&quot; is a very nice song, once u listen to it a few times and kinda get to ingore that Very high pitch glass breaking ringing sound, Over all this is one of the best albums of his
B000056WTG|5.0|Interestingly enough the preview extra of this movie shows (with Leonard Maltin) how the first of the Mad Maxs' was not well received in the USA and therefore this was released as &quot;The Road Warrior&quot;.<br />It is by far the best of the three with a great storyline that takes from the first of the series and progresses it to the third nicely. The story as a whole is better if you have seen the first of the series but it may not appeal to the US audience as much.<br />As for action there are not a lot of movies that can touch this classic for realistic action that enhances the story as opposed to detracting from it. The truck chase at the end is truely spectacular particularly when you realise there is no computer enhancement here it is all stuntmen blood, sweat and tears.<br />If you are going to buy one of the Mad Max Series this is the one you should go for.
0345350499|4.0|While Tennyson and Malory's writing can be seen as a bit archaic and lacking in depth story telling, &quot;The Mists of Avalon&quot; is an &quot;easy read&quot; and difficult to put down. Although I must admit, it does help to know a little about Arthurian Legends to truly enjoy her &quot;re-telling&quot; of the tale.  It's told only from the female characters' perspectives, hence the attention to details and feelings.  Being someone who is in love with Old England and Arthurian Legends, I would say that Marion Zimmer Bradley incorporates in depth research and a touch of imagination to create (or re-create) this &quot;historical fantasy&quot;.
B00005MAM2|5.0|It's rare to come across a true DVD package loaded with all the respectable materials constituting it as a true DVD &quot;Special Edition.&quot;  Akira has it all!  What's more is, it hasn't lost it's edge as a true sci-fi epic even though it was made in 1987.  Most sci-fi movies tend to lose their bearing after about 10 years once technology and &quot;time&quot; catches up with it.  Akira is timeless and it's amazing it's taken this long for this movie to make a DVD appearance considering it's been on DVD in Japan for many years already.  It's interesting to see the opinions of those who are making comments about the new soundtrack and dubbing.  I come from the school of seeing Akira for the first time on this DVD, so, my opinion is limited to just this release.  I can't imagine why people are so critical about voice dubbing!  Are they high?  These people are not even commenting on the story, the animation or the characters for that matter-much less the DVD.  If they really take a hard look, it doesn't matter what kind of dubbing they use.  The story is what is important and Akira is foundationalized in great animation, outstanding direction, superb music with the movie still holding up as a superior product even to todays high tech CGI Hollywood fluff.<br />The story is quite good actually, Tetuso plays a rebel biker who is caught up in a government conspiracy that could cost him his life or perhaps his &quot;mind.&quot;  With the help of his rebel gang friends and three spaced out children, Tetsuo must be saved from the brink of madness known as &quot;Akira&quot;-a biogenetic monster that if unleashed will destroy mankinds existence and reverse the creation of the universe.  Can Tetsuo be saved?  You gotta buy the DVD to find out!<br />Like I said before, this DVD is the bomb!  Outstanding visuals and a great story with plenty of extras that has lasted 20+ years has gotta tell you something about why this movies popularity has lasted longer than any other Anime film. It's the kind of movie that belongs in every movie historians encyclopedia of great sci-fi adventures!  Cheers!me film. It's the kind of movie that belongs in every movie historians encyclopedia of great sci-fi adventures!  Cheers!
B00001QEE7|4.0|Let me preface this review with a simple statement about myself: I am hardcore.  I like bloody-death movies, and horrible stories that defy the human will to comprehend.  I like Stephen King and George Romero and Dario Argento.<br />And I LOVE The Little Mermaid. [grin]<br />There is a charming, innocent quality to the music of this film that breaks through even the hardest of critical hearts.  It came at the beginning of a streak of wonderful animated movies from Disney, including Beauty and the Beast and The Lion King.  Sporting no super-celebrity voices or Elton John soundtrack, The Little Mermaid nonetheless created a new archetypal genre in musical film.<br />Try this:  Stand in the middle of a crowd of people (friends or strangers, doesn't matter), and sing a few bars of 'Part Of That World'.  Invariably, you will receive applause, smiles, cheers, from everyone, excepting maybe a few teen punks who really did enjoy the performance, but are too 'cool' to admit it.  [another grin]<br />It is a classic story.  You'll love it, your kids will love it, your boy/girlfriend will thank you for it, and you can use it as I do to prove that you're not TOO terrible a person in your cinematic tastes!
B00003CXXJ|5.0|This movie had enough love to make boys' skin crawl, enjoy fighting to make girls' turn their head and enough to make adults fall out of their chair.  There were quite a few jokes that would go over a kid's head, aside puns or poking fun at another movie scene.  Even though it has some mush it's great for all audiences and it does make a good point that I think will miss too many people.
B00004T1C8|4.0|I bought this tunnel to add variety to the railroad I am building for my grandson. He is only 2 so there is a lot he has yet to think of to do with it. He always enjoys watching the trains go through it. And he has even more fun making the little Brio people climb up the path, over the bridge and down into to or up out of it. It seems well made and I think it will hold up well. The only complaint I have (and my wife agrees) has to do with the built in sound effects. When the button is pushed to have the tunnel play one of several railroad related sounds, we have to cover our ears. It is LOUD! Our grandson loves noise. His favorite activity is to push the button... over and over again. It wears us out pretty quickly and we put it away for several days at a time.  Over-all it is a fun toy and it should last a long time. I have not found a way to turn it down but I would love to do so, soon.
0446677450|3.0|If you haven't learned the truths of this book at home, you better read it here.  This is a fast read of common sense truth, that will challenge you to examine your motives for work.  Kiyosaki has a passion for helping people realize they are ultimately responsible for their own wealth (or lack thereof).  His big secret is pretty obvious: spend less than you make.  I was glad to have picked up this book, and you will be, too.
0894803123|5.0|Didn't know that with the recipes and info about ice cream making would receive the great tales of their burgeoning biz.  They do have way with words and cream!<br />The Heath Bar Crunch recipe is so good!  There are Sweet Cream Bases and Sorbets and Baking and Sundaes and Sauces.<br />Fun abounds with such as Beer Sorbet, Lemon Daiquiri and Mimosa Ice.  Neat little ice cream reference to play with and get creative with your own tastes and preferences.
0783117388|5.0|This series is not for children.  But, it is very funny!
B000059XYK|5.0|One look at sexy Nicholas Cage as &quot;Memphis Raines&quot; is enough to win over any woman with half a brain!  I loved it (and not just because Cage was in it)!  It was exciting, fast-paced, and heart pounding.  You root for the bad guy.  It's a &quot;must-see&quot;...DEFINITELY!  Ok, so it isn't quite worthy of an Emmy.  It's just a really good movie!
B00003CXN4|3.0|I bought the movie because im a Michael Douglas fan and I wanted to see Cathrine Zeta-Jones. The movie however reminded me of a long boring government sponsored public service documentary on drugs.  The over exposed and monocrome filming in the movie reminded me of films shot in the 60's, and the overused english subtitles during the Mexican scenes both got in the way. I found myself concentrating on these effects instead of the actors. The film suggests that the US fights drug traffic at all costs.   However, the film shows Douglas character's daugthter in the film being on drugs herself and how he deals with it in his government anti-drug czar job.  This situation is probably more real than we'd like to admit.  If you want to see Michael Douglas, I can think of better movies to spend your money on.
0345349571|5.0|Barbara Tuchman is without question one of the finest history writers that I have ever read, and &quot;A Distant Mirror&quot; is another fine example of a work by someone who was extremely gifted at her craft. Not only the writing, but the research, insights, and obvious parallels to the similarities of human beings of the 20th Century makes this a &quot;must read&quot; for anyone interested in history.  I was especially taken by the section about the persecution of the Jews.  Most think the 20th century Holocaust was a one-time, inexplicable event. Not so. Ms. Tuchman's one section on this issue has recently been expounded upon (in a more personal way) by James Carroll's in his book &quot;Constantine's Sword.&quot; Tuchman's insights certainly lend credibility to Carroll's points. <br />Looking in the mirror can sometimes be scary. Although progress has been made in many areas, human nature itself hasn't changed much since the 14th Century.
B00003CWL6|5.0|The acedemy finally got it right in 1999 with this satirical masterpiece. Everything from the casting (Spacy and Benning are superb) to the cinematography is all grade A. I also loved the score with it's strong and depressing tones. The DVD does the film justice. The video tranfer is one of the cleanest I have seen. The colors look so vibrant! The audio is exceptional as well. As far as the extras go, this dvd is packed. Everything you could possibly want is here and then some.
6305648522|5.0|Excellent movie, makes me cry every time I see it, and everyone elese who are watching it with me.
B00005N8JG|5.0|Having read many reviews of Jon Hopkins' debut album I was intrigued by the fact that they were united in finding his music deeply moving, but they all had trouble classifying it. Having listened to Opalescent I am of the opinion that Jon Hopkins has created something quite incredibly beautiful, something totally new. This is music that leads you into a false sense of security - on first listening it comes across as very pleasant ambient work, but on repeated listening it begins to reveal quite extraordinary depth and beauty. The overall tone is euphoric, but there are several melancholy moments - notably &quot;Lost In Thought&quot; and &quot;Grace&quot;. More than anything the record sounds very personal, very heartfelt. The variety of sonic landscapes found on this record is astounding, and it deserves to be recognised as one of the most important electronic works of the last decade.
B000002B7Y|5.0|It seems No Rest For The Wicked has become &quot;The Ozzy Album That Time Forgot.&quot; For many, Blizzard of Ozz and Diary Of A Madman are Ozzy's best albums. At the same time, The Ultimate Sin and Bark At The Moon are considered his weakest. No More Tears and Ozzmosis also get their share of critical acclaim and recognition. But it seems that for most fans, No Rest For The Wicked is just &quot;there&quot; and is pretty much regarded as &quot;that other Ozzy album.&quot; Well, here's one fan that definitely has not forgotten this little gem. While I definitely won't deny that Blizzard of Ozz and Diary Of A Madman are very good albums (especially Madman), I find No Rest For The Wicked to be both Ozzy's heaviest and most enjoyable album. <br />The first thing that must be said about this album is that Zakk Wylde's guitaring is simply amazing. For those who were slightly disappointed with Jake E. Lee's performance in Ozzy's previous two albums, Wylde will definitely blow you away with his outstanding solos and catchy riffs. Unfortunately, he doesn't really do any of the neat guitar tricks Randy Rhoades did back in his day. But that isn't such a huge loss. <br />Second of all, Ozzy sings with almost as much passion as he did on the original Blizzard of Ozz (and that passion is probably what made Blizzard his most popular). Fire In The Sky, for example, seems to be a song Ozzy really got into when singing it, especially during its chorus. <br />Finally, the album as a whole is extremely powerful. The guitars and drumming seemingly go hand in hand to give the album a very heavy/pounding sound to it. This makes it very fun to listen to and definitely a good get-going type album. <br />So overall, this is one album that definitely should not be overlooked by Ozzy fans nor metal fans in general. It basically features everything we've all come to expect from Ozzy.. and more.
B00000J2L8|5.0|A classic black comedy full of unforgetable charactors. You'll want to watch this one over and over. It never gets old.
B00003CXBK|5.0|This movie is absolutely amazing, I'm speechless, this has got to be the best movie I've seen in my life. The story is amazing, I couldnt move my eyes off the screen in case I'd miss something. Absolutely everyone needs to watch this masterpiece! I know I'm recommending it to everyone I know.
B00004XONN|5.0|when I first bought this album, I wasnt too excited about it, But now that im into it, there's absolutely nothing like it. This Album is absolutely brilliant!!! You will never run into a rock album that so moving, profound, exspressive, and overall such an emotional expierience to listen to. This is rock for the musician that knows his stuff. Everyone, do yourselves a favor and go buy this album!
B0000584V3|5.0|I've been avoiding writing a review for Blackwater Park for quite some time now. I could say how great it is, how it's their best album so far, how they transcend all other humans on a musical level, but that's all been said. Opeth is one of the most magnificent bands on Earth, so I'll just leave it at that.
B00004X01U|3.0|I have to admit,I am a big Madonna fan, but this album was somewhat disappointing for me.  I enjoyed the album, but Music doesn't seem to have the same flair as Madonna's other creations.  Although I enjoy her techno sound, it seems to take the creative edge she is so famous for out of her style.  Many of the songs sound the same, and nothing really seems to stand out to me.  I prefer &quot;Ray of Light&quot; to this album, in terms of her more recent releases.
B00005JIZA|5.0|John Mayer is my favorite new artist in a very long time.   See him in person when you can, he's fantastic.
B00005MAM2|4.0|I am the biggest AKIRA fan you will find.  WAAAAY back in 1989, before hardly anyone in America had heard of this masterpiece of animation, I got a bootleg Japanese VHS and even without subtitles or a dub, clearly saw a great and supermely visual film.  So cinematically strong was the evidence, that I actually followed the plot from the pictures alone.  Then the 1991 dub came along, and while I was happy to have knowledge of what the dialogue meant, I instantly could tell how laughably bad the voice acting was in comparison to the original.  I was thankful when Streamline Pictures released a subtitled VHS a few years later, and not only were my beloved Japanese voice actors restored but the plot made more sense.<br />So, these complaints about the &quot;new Pioneer dub&quot; to me are laughable.  Both the NEW and the OLD dub are equally frought with the same basic problem: they disgrace the integrity of the film.  The ONLY way to watch ANY foreign film is with the original voice acting and with SUBTITLES (thankfully the wonderful DVD format, and Pioneer, gave us that choice).  The reason I detract a star from this review of this well-mastered DVD with very nice extras is simply this:  Pioneer screwed up.  What they should have done is remixed ALL AUDIO in Dolby Digital 5.1, then done the IMO useless dub (if they felt they had to).  That way, as with Princess Mononoke (where the fans were heard about the integrity of the original film), we could enjoy AKIRA as it should be seen, with optimal fidelity through modern home-theater technology.  It's a shame that Pioneer felt only the inevitably inferior dub mix was worthy of reworking.  However, I am happy to add this to my collection and savor its nearly unequalled artistry.  AKIRA is one of the few instances where an artist's vision translated into an animated work of art worthy of its origin, and the beauty of it still stuns me to this day.
B00004R99M|5.0|This is the rare children's film which I found to be just as delightful today as when I sunk into the plush seats of Radio City in 1964. Julie Andrews' glorious voice, and hilariously ironic, deadpan portrayal of the magical nanny, have boundless appeal.<br />Other characters are no less engaging: the troublesome Jane and Michael, Glynis Johns as the suffragette who deals with the Edwardian &quot;age of men&quot; on the home front, Ed Wynn bringing &quot;class&quot; to a tea party on the ceiling. Dick Van Dyke would make anyone hope to turn the corner and meet Bert - the stage performance would top that of the West End.<br />The story is great fun, acting and music first rate, and the situations the type that make one wish one could join in, popping into pavement pictures for sheer enjoyment.
6305358567|4.0|Being a fan of the great &quot;Queen Bess&quot;, I think Ms. Blanchett did an outstanding job as Elizabeth and the movie was well acted, though confusing at times.  For those looking for a entertaining production with a romanticized, faintly historical look at her life, then this should not prove to be disappointing.<br />If you are looking for an truly accurate, complete account of this outstanding woman's life, her times, and the historical figures associated with it, I would suggest Elizabeth R or a good book.  A lot of &quot;creative license&quot; was taken in the screen play, making an entertaining production but not a historical drama. In fact, some of the scenes/events where total fabrication!
B00005J9M1|5.0|The Pet Shop Boys totally rock!  Go West is a fantastic peice of music!   Yesterday when I was mad ... another totally transcendental song.  My advice to you -- get it!
7119005901|5.0|I first was introduced to this story by first playing the the game Dynasty Warrriors 2 for Playstaion 2.... Even though I am not finished with the three volumes so far it has been excellent and very detailed for an a historical story that happened about two millenia ago.  I am now on the second volume and won't stop till I get to the end. One thing about these books is that it is very difficult readed and not that easy to follow at times because the names of the people can get confusing the chinese has their names, last name first and given names following and also the people in this story sometimes are called by a second name which is common in the chinese culture.  One would have to read these books at least two more times after the first to get the story down because according to my mother my grand father had read the same story in China and told my mom that he had to read it a few times to fully understand this complex time in the history of pre-feudal China and a story still being studied militarily and historically to this day.  In a nutshell dispite the difficult read and complex story which I found to a challenge it is excellent and did not before starting expect it ot be easy, is excellent for someone who wants to be challenged whether or not they have played the game or who just is intrigued by an important time in the history of China.  It is good for people just learning about this country or for some who like me have played the game and is caught by the intriguing story that the game was based on.
0195067142|5.0|Author E. B. Sledge enlisted in the Marines on 12/3/42. Ultimately a member of K Co, 3rd Battalion, 5th Regiment of the 1st Marine Division, he went ashore with the Old Breed on Peleliu and Okinawa. This memoir of his time in training and combat was originally written to help his family understand his war. The result of his efforts is among the most vivid descriptions of the horrors of war that this reviewer has encountered. The necessity for taking Peleliu was questioned during the war as it is now. MacArthur was of the opinion that Peleliu was necessary to protect his right flank during his invasion of the Philippines. Given the then weakened state of the Imperial Navy and the destruction of much of the Japanese air power after the taking of the Marianas, the necessity of taking Peleliu is widely questioned. The island quite possibly should have been bypassed. On Peleliu the Japanese employed a change in tactics. No more would the enemy attempt to defend the beach. From this point forward, and at Iwo and Okinawa, they would employ a defense in depth based upon mutually supporting, fortified positions. Utilizing the natural terrain, Japanese engineers constructed pillboxes, gun emplacements and strong points in caves, depressions and reverse slopes, often connected by tunnels. There was no one main line of defense and they fought until the last position was taken by force. Because of the invasion of Normandy three months earlier, little press was given to this little understood and under-reported island battle. Incredible as it seems, the Old Breed, the 1st Marine Division, suffered twice as many casualties on Peleliu as the 2nd Marine Division did at bloody Tarawa. Sledge lets us see through his eyes the horror of moving through an open field in a vain attempt to take Bloody Nose Ridge and the ultimate reduction of the Umurbrogol Pocket. &quot;Each day&quot;, he tells us, &quot;brought some new dimension of dread...I witnessed some new, ghastly, macabre facet in the kaleidoscope of the unreal.&quot; From one hell to another, the 1st Marine Division again encountered the defense in depth at Okinawa, the last amphibious invasion. This action utilized the largest invasion fleet ever assembled in the Pacific. On Peleliu the digging of foxholes and burial sites was impossible due to the coral surface of the island with little or no soil. The enemy dead were everywhere, bloated and covered with maggots. The stench of decaying flesh and excrement was unrelenting. On Okinawa, the situation was worse. The precise and constant shelling by the enemy often prevented the moving of American dead as well. &quot;When enemy artillery exploded in the area, the eruption of soil and mud uncovered previously buried Japanese dead and scattered chunks of corpses...the ridge was a stinking compost pile. If a Marine slipped and slid down the back slope of the muddy ridge, he was apt to reach the bottom vomiting...horror stricken in disbelief while fat maggots tumbled out of his muddy dungaree pockets, cartridge belt, legging lacings, and the like. It is too preposterous to think that men could actually live and fight for days and nights on end under such terrible conditions and not be driven insane.&quot; The reduction of Okinawa took 82 days and Sledge suffered the same ghastly nightmare for many, many years. The dream was always the same: going back into the line on Okinawa. Peleliu and Okinawa were taken but at a high cost. Total American casualties for both islands were 7,613 killed and missing and 31,807 wounded. The 1st marine Division alone suffered 14,191 men killed, wounded or missing. &quot;What a pitiful waste,&quot; Sledge wrote, reflecting on the death of an unknown Marine teenager. Reading his book, one is compelled to ask the larger question but is grateful that the invasion of the Japanese home islands became unnecessary.he kaleidoscope of the unreal.&quot; From one hell to another, the 1st Marine Division again encountered the defense in depth at Okinawa, the last amphibious invasion. This action utilized the largest invasion fleet ever assembled in the Pacific. On Peleliu the digging of foxholes and burial sites was impossible due to the coral surface of the island with little or no soil. The enemy dead were everywhere, bloated and covered with maggots. The stench of decaying flesh and excrement was unrelenting. On Okinawa, the situation was worse. The precise and constant shelling by the enemy often prevented the moving of American dead as well. &quot;When enemy artillery exploded in the area, the eruption of soil and mud uncovered previously buried Japanese dead and scattered chunks of corpses...the ridge was a stinking compost pile. If a Marine slipped and slid down the back slope of the muddy ridge, he was apt to reach the bottom vomiting...horror stricken in disbelief while fat maggots tumbled out of his muddy dungaree pockets, cartridge belt, legging lacings, and the like. It is too preposterous to think that men could actually live and fight for days and nights on end under such terrible conditions and not be driven insane.&quot; The reduction of Okinawa took 82 days and Sledge suffered the same ghastly nightmare for many, many years. The dream was always the same: going back into the line on Okinawa. Peleliu and Okinawa were taken but at a high cost. Total American casualties for both islands were 7,613 killed and missing and 31,807 wounded. The 1st marine Division alone suffered 14,191 men killed, wounded or missing. &quot;What a pitiful waste,&quot; Sledge wrote, reflecting on the death of an unknown Marine teenager. Reading his book, one is compelled to ask the larger question but is grateful that the invasion of the Japanese home islands became unnecessary.
B00001QGPS|5.0|It took long enough but finally these boyz finally put a whole album together.  It was way hotter than I expected.  I had this one in heavy rotation for most of 2000.  I'm a big fan of Funk Doc(Redman) and Method Man also.  Between Red's metaphors and Methods rawness this album stays off the hook with every song.  And with guest appearances like Ja Rule, L.L., and especially GhostFace this album is worth every cent.  I really don't know which track on here is my favorite(possible the one with Ghost)but all are hip-hop bangers.  If you liked any previous collaborations in the past you'll love this.
0671027344|5.0|The Perks of Being A Wallflower is without a doubt one of the most provocative, powerful, and touching YA novels I've read in a long time. The author has given a voice to the people who sat alone at the dances in high school. Sitting in the awkward stage between childhood and adulthood (we've all been there) is Charlie, the narrator. His wacky story of family dramas, first loves and newfound sexuality kept me in stitches and in tears throughout the whole novel, while still ringing profoundly with truth. <br />If you can picture a modern-day version of S.E Hinton's The Outsiders, then you can almost picture what this book will be like. I recommend The Parks of Being A Wallflower to anyone looking for a quick read. It'll stay with you for a long time.
B00003CXXJ|4.0|Dear Reader, Shrek is sometimes gross good for the whole family, kind of movie. Funny almost all the time, and a great cast that brings good voices to the humorous characters. <br />The cast of shrek is Mike Myers (shrek) Cameron Diaz (Princess) John Lithgow (Prince) and the heart of the comedy in this movie Eddie Murphy (Donkey). Distributed by Dreamworks, who brought othe great animations like Prince of Egypt, and Antz.<br />I didn't expect this movie to be as good as everyone told me it was, but yes i was suprised. This movie gaining $250 million+ which is wonderful, this kind of gross would of been good for Titanic and any of the Star Wars (But they got more all of those films got like $350 million+ which is wonderful for them).<br />I went to this film with a little girl, i believe her age is 5, she loved it and i loved it, exactly i think i loved it more than her. This movie has more humor for adults than for children, which i didn't expect. Recommend for anyone looking for a good and funny time. I bet the soundtrack is good too, but i couldn't promise that.
B00005BL2A|4.0|Depeche Mode's music career is quite long. It's quite surprsing to find a band that can stay together for about 20 years and still make good music. Though this is definitely not DMs best album, it's a good one. Some of the strongest tracks are I Feel Loved, When The Body Speaks, and Shine. Breathe is pretty good and Dream On is not as great as I thought it would be. Freelove's not bad and Comatose is okay. I would have to say that Exciter breaks away from the darker image given from their older albums and personally I prefer this one over Ultra. However, I doubt this album can be placed in the top with both Music for the Masses or Violator. One good thing is that incoporates the elctronic sound that some fans may miss about the original DM.
B00003CXP1|3.0|This film is worth one viewing - by rental only, but ultimately somewhat hollow and unsatisfying. I think it's over-rated and those in love with it just like the eye candy. I wouldn't consider it worth buying. <br />It's not completely worthless, however.<BR>The visually exciting part is that Requiem develops its own visual language to depict events that sophisticated film-goers are already familiar with. Who needs to see another junky shoot up? We've seen it so many times, it simply doesn't have the shock value or impact that it once did. Instead, the film-makers provide quick, clever, visual representations of the physical effects of shooting up that act as a visual shortcut to get you to the real point of the movie - how the addiction leads the lives of these individuals to spin out of control.<br />The film also serves to point out how our quick-fix, get-rich-quick culture encourages behaviors that lead to addiction. And, it clearly illuminates the hypocritical views mainstream America and our medical community often has about legal and illegal drugs. <br />I would give the movie a 4 for being visually innovative, but a 3 for failing to hold the story line together and for failing to provide for an adequate ending.
B00000JCB2|1.0|A story: I was given this CD a while back, by a friend I've since disowned.  I'd never heard of the band (this was before they were \\"everywhere\\"), and I took it and popped it in.  Based on the cover and the band name, I assumed it was a rap group, but my so-called friend insists \\"it's not rap\\".  So, the CD starts.  There's an intro that sounds like the Sonics are about to take to the court.  Goofy, I think to myself.  And so, the first song starts.  I hear a guy who appears to be trying to play a guitar, and the most repulsive rapping I've ever heard in my life.  Maybe it's just one song, I think to myself.  I skip to the next one.  \\"Nookie\\".  For some reason, it became a big hit.  I skip ahead.  A few seconds later, I'm doing the same.  I get to track 5, \\"Rearranged\\".  There's no rapping in this one, but instead there's a tuneless, deadpan noise that I assume is supposed to be singing.  <br />Outside of the new album, there may not be a worse album on the planet than this one here.  It's not heavy, it's not melodic, it's not metal!
B00004T37H|4.0|This is NOT straight anime... this is watered down disney style anime.  <br />If you are just getting into anime this movie would be a good introduction to the style.  But keep in mind normal anime is much more violent, vulgar, and has more nudity.<br />This movie is still a decent movie in my opinion, there's a decent storyline, some cool animation effects, beautiful artwork, original charaters, and a good setting. But there's definitely better movies out there as far as Japanimation goes.<br />Anime movies typically have more attractive female characters too =)
6302968135|5.0|I forgot to mention that this film is very hard to purchase in Australia. It is that damn good, that it is the number 1 video stolen from Blockbuster video rental stores in Australia.
B0000024SD|5.0|This record is an epoch in the history of music, and is also one of Bob Dylan's finest albums. This is where he left folk behind for good, and you can really see his music developing here, incorporating electric instruments and fuller arrangements. And, of course, the lyrics are excellent, as always, without peer. Subeterranian Homesick Blues was perhaps Dylan's first &quot;exercise in tonal breath control. It, along with the raging Maggie's Farm, and the whimsical Mr. Tambourine Man (also, of course, a huge hit for the Byrds) are three of his essential classics. Love Minus Zero/No Limit is one of his most beautiful love songs, and Bob Dylan's 115th Dream is a surrealist classic. This is Dylan's last album that retained heavy folk elements (on the mostly acousic second half), and It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding) was perhaps his last true protest song; it is his best. The lyrics resonate with a biting cynicism and paranoia that leave it, to this day, one of the movement's most enduring statements. Highly, highly reccommended.
0452282152|4.0|This is a good, light book that teaches a good deal about the time period in which it takes place. My only complaint is that I did not grow to feel compassion towards any of the characters. They all seem shallow. However, I found myself turning the pages of this book, compelled to read it to the end. When I put it down I was left satisfied, even if it was not as deep as I'd have liked.
B00004WG2X|3.0|Then maybe, just maybe, you can see through all the distracting aspects of this production and enjoy it a great deal.  I confess I couldn't, and so I found it mediocre at best.  I prefer my theatre experience in an actual theatre.  When it's captured on film, however, the whole experience just screams &quot;unrealistic&quot; to me.  Perhaps it's the lower budget of theatre productions relative to most film productions, I'm not exactly sure, but the first distracting element of this movie was the way it was captured on film.  It looked cheap (although it probably wasn't).  But I'm not that shallow.  :-)  If the acting was spectacular, I'd get over the cheap appearance.  Unfortunately, I didn't find a whole lot worth praising about the acting either.  I agree with most viewers that Mr. Darcy was portrayed so stiffly by David Rintoul that Darcy comes off like a jerk pretty much throughout the entire movie.  I also found Mr. Bennet in this production to be nothing like my perception of him from the book.  He didn't come off as clever, just mean-spirited and bitter.  I don't remember much about the other characters (translation: they're forgettable).  As for Elizabeth, other Amazon reviewers seem to love Elizabeth Garvie's portrayal of Elizabeth.  I thought she did a fine job, but not spectacular.  Of course, I freely admit A&amp;E's 1995 production of P&amp;P is my favorite movie EVER, so I am partial to Jennifer Ehle's portrayal of the character.  However, I don't think I unfairly penalized this film for not being A&amp;E's 1995 version.  I simply don't think there was anything utterly fantastic about this Masterpiece Theatre production.  It's decent and worth watching if you happen to stumble across it on PBS or something, but it's nothing I'd go out of my way to get.  It's simply not the kind of movie that sucks you in and forces you to care so much about it that you plan your kitchen and bathroom breaks around its commercials (or you put it on pause when you leave the room).  You know the kind of movies I'm talking about.  Unfortunately, this was NOT one of those.
0385484518|5.0|This book should be required reading for life. Morrie has lessons to teach that everyone needs to hear. He is such a wonderful, loveable man, and the world is lucky to have all that which is shared in this book as a reference on living. I buy this book as a gift again and again, and refer to it often. It is truly beautiful.
B00005BJ2O|4.0|I really want to give this title 5 stars rate. However, having seen the movie before getting this one, I feel this OST is very incomplete.<br />Several tracks are very nice, especially &quot;Come What May&quot; and &quot;El Tango de Roxanne&quot;. The first one is a very nice and lovely love song. While the latter is the rendition &quot;Roxanne&quot;, a song written by Sting. And El Tango De Roxanne is the better between these two, for my taste. It does go well with the corresponding scene in the movie, and stands well on its own, with its haunted, sad, depressed tone. The other tracks included are also nice. Elephant Love Medley, the medley of many well-known songs, is very good, and funny. Nature Boy (the 1st one) and Hindi Sad Diamond, are another remarkable ones.<br />Overall, all the songs made a very good collection of songs. One of the bests ever made for accompanied the movies in recent years... BUT...<br />Well, it is very incomplete. For instance (and in particular), where is &quot;The Show Must Go On&quot;, which is, IMHO, one of the best songs in the movie (another ones are Come What May, movie version, and El Tango de Roxanne)? This one is very beautiful rendition, I really love it!. Also &quot;Like a Virgin&quot;, a funny rendition of Madonna's song. And, also, where is the &quot;Finale&quot;, which should contained a different version (and somewhat better) of Come What May? Without these songs (and some others), Moulin Rouge couldn't be as good as it is.<br />I hope they will do the additional CD, complete with the dialogs between characters from the corresponding scenes (for example, in the scene that &quot;The Show Must Go On&quot; was sung), like the second Soundtrack CD from Braveheart.
B00005BF9Z|5.0|I first heard of Manu Chau while on my trip to Spain.  &quot;Me gustas tu&quot; was one of the top songs there.  I bought the cd and loved it, if u like a mixture of latin, european, ska and every other instrument, you'll like this!
0767836286|1.0|When I first watched this movie, I had high hopes. I turned out to be satisfied and I enjoyed the movie all the way up until the the ending. As soon as I saw it, I wished the movie has never been made. How can these reviewers think the ending is awesome? I admit, It was clever how Tim Robbins outsmarted Jeff Bridges, but how can you like a movie where the good guy dies??!!! It just makes me want to kill the writer! This is the worst ending ever and it joining my list for worst endings with Planet of the apes (1968) and (2001).
B00004Z459|3.0|I sold this CD to my friend a couple weeks ago. At first I loved this CD but after awhile the songs just get repetitive. In The End is definetely the best song on the CD and track 10 whatever it's called but those get annoying after awhile also.
B00005ASHM|2.0|Maybe if I hadn't heard the hype, I could have enjoyed this for what it is, an OK Beach Boys album that has one or two greatest-hits-caliber songs.  Unfortunately I went in expecting something on the artistic level of the Beatles at their best, which this is not.  True there is a consistency of voice, but it's that of a whiny teenager with girlfriend problems, enough to hold my interest for about one song.  The lyrics consist of commonplace rhyming conversational prose, totally lacking in imagery, metaphor and anything else that separates verse from poetry.  The music has that distinctive Brian Wilson sound, pleasant and ingratiating.  Breaking up the meter or, adding accordions, barking dogs and train sound effects doesn't alter that.  If you love the Beach Boys, buy Pet Sounds.  If you only just like the Beach Boys buy their Greatest Hits instead.
B000002TLX|5.0|I enjoy listening to Richard Marx's music. It's nice to have this CD in the car for those long road trips. I just let the CD play. I don't have to fiddle with the 'next song' button.<br />This collection runs the gamut of rock, ballads and pop.
014028270X|5.0|this book is stunning. it's hard to describe the emotions that went through me while reading it. it basically describes two friends, francois seurel and the eponymous augustin meaulnes and their search for a lost castle that augustin stumbled upon. it sounds like a rather dull book from that description, but the sheer quality of the writing and the incredible way in which it channels emotion from the pen of the long dead author (killed in action in the first world war) straight to us in the early twenty-first century make it essential reading. an absolute classic that no-one from mid teens to the oldest adult should be deprived of. five stars sounds hyperbolic but is entirely merited.
1859849296|1.0|If this is the worst that can be said about Mother Theresa:<br />- That she, as an openly religious person, felt that tending to the spiritual needs of the poor was also important (anyone not realising this when donating to a religious order is stupid - I dont remember her ever pretending to seperate her beliefs from her work).  <br />and<br />- That out of the thousands, if not millions, of people who donated money to help her create hospitals, clinics and churches some of them may not have been as honest in their business dealings as they portrayed themselves to be.<br />...then perhaps she does deserve the fast track to sainthood.<br />Regarding her relationship to dictators, on becoming an international figure she drew a lot of attention from all social and political stations. She was known for not turning people away. This is a good thing and only an armchair liberal who never actually tried to do any real good in the real world would object - demanding hands unsullied by touching those who may be doing evil. <br />This is not the same as endorcing evil. I do not see where she endorsed evil. Christ ate with the tax collectors and prostitutes, but this does not mean he endorsed what they were doing. He tried to speak to their humanity - not a bad thing to do to someone who hold the lives of millions of his citzens in his hands. <br />The author's poor understanding of theology or of Mother Theresa's statements and beliefs, I dont think even has to be mentioned as his arrogant judgemental tone speaks clearly of the shallow intellectual depths at play here.<br />If you want to read a book desperately trying to find a way to prove that any religious person trying to help people is ultimately an evil blight on the world then this book will give you comfort. <br />If you stop and think a little deeper though about what little the author has really come up with and the breath of scope of what this woman did, it may just make you admire her.<br />I also note, as mentioned in another review, that there is no Arm Chair want to be intellectual Hospice for the Poor next door to any of Mother Theresa's around the world. I find her work much more serious than this author's.
B00005K3OT|3.0|This movie, like many others, is a little better with the deleted scenes.  Fortunately, the story line is not hosed by the cuts . . . just clearer.  For Johnny Depp fans, it is disappointing that the star enters the storyline only in the last third of the movie and not for enough time to warrant his appearing in the promotional stills.  It is a worthwhile purchase though.
0060925000|1.0|oh no! I have just scanned through a few reviews of this book and couldn't believe I seem to be the only one to have suffered each page without delight!  I have read the whole thing all the way through so my criticism is fair.  I found the characters two dimensional and completely uninteresting, like a crowd of faceless Mills and Boon hero's and heroine's.  They were all impossibly handsome or staggeringly beautiful and lived such charmed lives I am surprised Seth didn't end the book with a host of heavenly angels lifting the families to paradise.  This book has no depth and even the weighty subjects of religion, death and politics are dealt with unsatisfactorily.  Political rants and dramatic events are given such little colour or excitement that I found myself strangely unmoved.  It has no tragedy, nothing bad ever happens to anyone of &quot;importance&quot; and even when it does there is always a happy ending, usually accompanied by some of Seths irritatingly unpoetic poetry.  It seemed that at the end of the book the author was left with a few characters too many so he killed them off with as little passion as is usual in the story.  The tale has no twists,well none that are unexpected, and is so predictable you can see who the suitable boy is as soon as his character is introduced.  I persevered with this book, hoping my efforts would be rewarded but became increasingly frustrated.  I only refrained from throwing it across the room for fear of breaking something.  I did cheer when I had finished but only because I would not have to deal with the chugging storyline and the whines of those who people this book any longer.  I would suggest to anyone contemplating reading the book that if they want the satisfaction of being someone who has managed to read it then go ahead, but I would rather read a dictionary.  It sounded like the scenery was nice though!
B000009ROK|5.0|If you are one of those who has come late to Latin music, listen, ditch all your prefab, milquetoast Enrique and Ricky corporate fodder and come to the real thing in Luis Miguel.<br />This 3 CD set collects his phenomenal &quot;Romance&quot; trilogy into one set, and what a deal! While Volumes I &amp; II are the strongest (not a weak cut within either!), III stalls here and there, but all is atoned for when Luis sings &quot;Black Orpheus (Mahna de Carnival))&quot;. His is the best vocal version in print except maybe for the out-of-print stylings of Maria Toledo and Luiz Bonfa (1967, Dot Records).<br />Anyone who has a romantic bone left in them must own this great Miguel collection. Luis is not only a huge voice, he's a fabulous stylist, a star from the 'old school' when men got on stage and caressed an audience with their magnificence and love. Nothing shabby about the production values herein, either. Even the synth fills are classy, and elegance is returned to the overused electric piano. There are also some dynamite orchestral arrangements sprinkled throughout.<br />Buy this collection now!!!
6303036570|3.0|I am a growing fan of Brian DePalma's old movies(From the 1970s and early 1980s) and first saw this more recent film in a movie theater.  &quot;Carlito's Way&quot; is one of the more decent films that DePalma has made in recent times.<br />In 1975, gangster Carlito Brigante(Al Pacino) is released from prison and tries to lead a straight life.  Unfortunately, Carlito continues to find himself sucked into a life of crime.<br />&quot;Carlito's Way&quot; is a so-so DePalma film.  Unlike &quot;Scarface,&quot; Al Pacino's previous collaboration with DePalma, &quot;Carlito's Way&quot; is a decent and respectable film.  As usual, Pacino gives a powerful performance.  Sean Penn gives a surprisingly good performance as Pacino's sleazy attorney.  DePalma successfully recreates the look, sound, and feel of the 1970s; &quot;Carlito's Way&quot; almost qualifies as a period piece of this era.  &quot;Carlito's Way&quot; is well-meaning and superior to such recent DePalma efforts as &quot;Snake Eyes&quot; and &quot;Mission To Mars.&quot;  Unfortunately, the film is still easily forgettable.  The opening sequence is unconvincing and almost farcical.   A chase sequence on a subway train is directly borrowed from DePalma's superior &quot;Dressed To Kill.&quot;  Some of the music seems out-of-place.  Several shoot-out sequences fail to make the movie any more interesting.  Some of the dialogue between the characters sounds unrealistic.  &quot;Carlito's Way&quot; often seems like a violent television soap opera that has been transferred to the big screen.  Even DePalma's cult comedy &quot;Phantom Of The Paradise&quot; is more sincerely heartfelt.<br />I yearn for the Brian DePalma who made such great films as &quot;Sisters&quot; and &quot;Dressed To Kill.&quot;  &quot;Carlito's Way&quot; is only for Al Pacino fans and those who feel that they need to see every DePalma film.  For DePalma's best crime film, see &quot;The Untouchables.&quot;
B00003CXXJ|5.0|Funny how there are already 273 reviews, two and a half months before the DVD even comes out. Well, I'll throw my comment into the fray, too. This is a hilarious movie, that IMO only fails at the end, by using a sitcom cliche, and by having a moral that it doesn't matter how you look as long as you can find someone as ugly as you are. Kind of insulting, I think. Still, this movie has wonderful characters, is incredibly well done, has all kind of jokes and gags, and I'm definitely going to buy the DVD.
6301969294|5.0|Rand had unprecedented control over this film: approval of cast, script (she rewrote Cooper's final speech making it LONGER), and all the other nonsense.<br />And it's all crap.  But MAGNIFICENT crap.<br />See EVIL ARCHITECTS CONSPIRE AGAINST THE INDIVIDUAL!<br />See SPIRIT OF MAN TRIUMP OVER MEDIO...MEDIORCH... DULLNESS!<br />See PATRICIA NEAL WHIP COOPER (literally) UNTIL HE RAPES HER (her idea)!<br />See RIOTS IN THE STREET OVER A BUILDING!  Yep.<br />See SETS WITHOUT WALLS!  Very cool effect<br />See AN OFFICE THE SIZE OF CONNETICUT!  So big the ceiling is a matte painting.<br />See EVERYONE SHOVE THEIR JAWS FORWARD! They must've all had their retainers in upside down.<br />See THE HOMO-EROTIC QUARRY!  Really, it's creepy... those distant explosions...<br />Finally a movie that shows ARCHITECTURE the way it really is.<br />WHY CAN'T I GIVE THIS FILM TEN STARS?!!!  You goddam Collectivists!
B000002MUQ|3.0|After the superb previous effort from this band this has to be viewed as something of a let down... While some of the material from Carnal Knowledge hinted at a more mature sophisticated approach (and not in the slightly grey sense of VH 3) with the epic feel of Pleasure Dome or The Dream is Over, this album does not fully fufill that tantalising promise. This is belied by the superb opener Seventh Seal, the most powerful song the band have ever producerd, definately in the vein of Pleaure Dome or Me Wise Magic, with an earth shaking riff (and some cool monk chanting). But while on the former record Van Halen's evil alter ego, as purveyors of sugary keyboard ballads, mercifully refused to rear its ugly head, here we are treated to 2 such compostitions, Can't stop Loving you and Not Enough. This sort of thing sadly does this great and increasing eclectic rock band a bitter diservice, and one possible silver lining of the anti air play approach of VH 3 is the absence of this sort of thing. Apart from the opener, there are two more tracks worthy of the band, Aftershock (great riff and solo) and Feeling, an intiailly ponderous piece giving way to some of EVH's most memorable guitar work, with great atmosphere throughtout. Amsterdam also recalls the heyday to a certain extent but Big Fat Money and Strung Out (whtever the hell that's supposed to be)  seem just slightly obsolete; the former is a rocker not really in the style of VH, not one of thier better tracks, the latter... you have to hear it. Take Me Back could be described as a ballad, however it sounds more genuine and poignant and is actually quite listeneable and even affecting if you're in the right mood, a slightly sad, philosophical feel. Baluchitherium is an instrumental piece which is pretty powerful, a quality effort although i've heard it referred to as \\"pompous\\". I'm saying some good things here and there are positive points... its not that bad an album but it's not one of thier better efforts. One of itsbetter points is that it has a harder more distorted edge than other recrds by the band which at least makes it distincitve and orignal. For the VH fan i'd say that it's a worthwhile purchase, but it's not brilliant all in all, a little patchy. However, given appaling ommisions in the so called Best Of release, such a purchase is the only way to get hold of the three classic tracks herein, so despite everything it's pretty much an essential. But for satisfying fufillment of the epic promise of .., (the aforementioned tracks excepted) you're better off looking to the results of the brief DLR renuion or the Twister soundtrack.
B00003CXBK|3.0|Although a very good movie I saw it as a subtitled version snd would rate that a much better version, the dubbed is given much less inpact. To those who love amima I would reccommend the undubbed verision much higher the impact is more effective when you hear the actual expressions given by the actual preformers
B000000XB9|4.0|Great compilation! One of the best available for any group or artist. I believe this is one of the only collections that contains every single a group ever had, including the b-side sales attachments. With every single included here, there isn't any room for any classic album tracks, which is the only slight problem I have. Yes, they are available on the next volume(all album tracks), but it might be nice to have a couple mixed in here, so we could have some on the same disc. But overall, most of these singles are some of the best in rock 'n roll history, and you can either get volume II for the album tracks, or pick up the individual albums that you find necessary.
0395925037|4.0|This is a must read if you really want to see the source of the man behind the madness. It is clear that the man isn't exactly the best writer in town, so if jumbled thoughts and rants are your absolute pet peave then stick to the history books. If you are a fan of history, and interested in (I believe) the most influential man in the 20th century possibly world history, then this book is worth reading. Its not every day you get to read into the thoughts of world leaders, see into the rage that stirs their speeches and decisions. Hitler is probably the most evil man in history, and it pays to have documentation of his thoughts so that we can see another &quot;Hitler&quot; down the road!! A truely epic peice in terms of historical value, as far as literary value you could use his rambling pages to coat the bottom of your birdcage.
B000002P5R|5.0|if he had lived to complete it.This is a compilation of 17 tracks of his final sessions at the unfinished electriclady studios.With Mitch Mitchell on drums and Billy Cox on bass.Despite some of the negative comments I have on some of the reviews here let me say this,There is no way that anyone would have known how Jimi would have wanted this album to be.I think the Hendrix family did a fantastic job with this album.First Rays,was intended to be a double album,but he passed to soon to complete it.Every track is wonderful,and Angel is in my opinion one of the greatest songs ever recorded.If you are new to Hendrix,start off with Are you Exp.But if you are a die-hard fan I believe this album will suit you just fine.I absolutely love this album.It just goes to show you that Jimi Hendrix was rock's biggest gain and our greatest loss.I think Jimi is looking down from heaven and smiling.Good music never dies.R.I.P Jimi.Peace
B0000508U6|5.0|I heard snippets of Yellow on an ABC television ad and absolutely loved it. Typing in Yellow on Napster helped me find it and hear the whole song, which is fabulous.  At that, I bought the cd and haven't stopped listening to it since.  Every track is wonderful, with my absolute favorite being Trouble, Shiver, Sparks and Spies Like Us.  It is great for driving home to on a dark night or listening to in the evening - the lyrics and rhythm are mellow and will totally enrapture you.  Buy it. Buy it now.
6301930827|2.0|Ok, i will only give this movie a few credits, the flight models are good and accurate, and the topic of the Cold War and World War 3 is a good one. But other than that... The acting is horrible.... And this movie is also unrealistic in some aspects. I mean, dropping a nuclear bomb just to take out two MiGs that were following in \\"close pursuit\\". Give me a break.
0380817683|5.0|Marian Keyes always delivers a wonderful read.  Rachel (Clare's sister from Watermelon) is kidnapped by her parents and given a holiday in Cloisters, an upmarket drug rehab centre.  She doesn't believe that she has a problem, but she's determined to receive all the benefits of being in the centre, the sauna and spa, the massages and rubbing shoulders with all the celebrities that dry out there.  Only there is no sauna, spa, massages or celebrities.<br />Instead there are drug addicts, compulsive eaters, alcoholics, and tedious meetings to attend.  Poor Rachel tells us that she doesn't belong there!  Sure she took a couple of illegal substances, but it was a party afterall!!!<br />Slowly through the book we begin to see the extent of Rachel's drug problems as she feeds us little scenarios of her past life and the downward spiral her life was heading.  <br />This is a fantastically funny read, with hilarious scenes liberally supplied throughout the book.  From the first page l was transported into Rachel's world, giggling and sighing at her antics.  I would love to read more about this family!
0226264017|5.0|This book changed my life twenty years ago and I just read it again.  I especially recommend this book to anyone who is a Democrat, as it really goes to the heart of the proper role of government in our lives and even explores the limits of capitalism.  Friedman is a genius, yet writes the book as an easy read.  Consider that this book was written over 40 years ago and we are still debating his proposal for school vouchers.  A timeless classic that should be required reading for anyone interested in the American economic system.
B00003CXTG|5.0|Pearl Harbor is the best movie because it has everything a great movie needs, romance, action, comedy and well, 2 really hot guys!! The story is very touching, and i think its a great movie!!
B00001QEBQ|5.0|After the &quot;new wave&quot; Disney animation films reached its zenith with the &quot;The Lion King&quot;, the past few animation features has been rather lacklustre and dull compare to the likes of &quot;The Little Mermaid&quot; and &quot;The Beauty and the Beast&quot;. BUT, with &quot;Mulan&quot;, this film reverse this downward trend and restore disney's reputation.<br />&quot;Mulan&quot; was surprisingly good. It deals with with family honor, war and feminism, not the traditional topics of a Disney feature. The chief female chracter, Mulan, rescues his prince charming instead of the (usual) other way around.<br />Mulan is based on a ancient Chinese poem. Nomadic barbarians have invaded China (disney use the Huns)and every male head of every Chinese household has been conscripted to defend China and fight the invading army. Mulan's father, being old and crippled, could not stand a chance to survive, so Mulan impersonated a man to take his father's place and therby saves him. There she joins the Chinese army and prepares to fight the barbarians.<br />In Disney's version there is the comedic sidekick dragon &quot;mushu', voiced by Eddie Murphy and a lucky cricket. However what distinguish this film from its Disney predecessor is the serious portrayal of war and honor and feminism. Mulan holds her family honor dear and was willing to saccrifice er life for it. Also, she uses her brains rather than macho gut instincts to defeat the Huns. (and saves the handsome hunk).<br />In addition, there is a grand epic feel to the film. The sight of a huge Hun army advancing down a snowy slope is a truly impressive sight, no doubt inspired by David Lean. The background landscape and Chinese costumes are also fairly accurate and awe-inspring for a Disney film. Instead of looking like the typical sterotyped Western view of Chinese, the Chinese in Mulan actually dress quite like what actual ancient Chinese dress like. Credit must be given to the research the Mulan team has done.<br />Overall, this is a highly recommended film for dealing with issue such as honor, death and feminism, you won't see that in other Disney flicks.
0780622553|5.0|This film does an absolutely incredible job of blending science-fiction, comic-book narrative structure, and noir atmosphere for a spectacular piece of entertainment.  On visuals alone, this movie is mesmerizing and attentive to detail.  In order to understand the shifting of scenes in the plot, you need to imagine the way a comic book unfolds, from one rectangle of words and illustration to the next.  The movie is the grandaddy of them all (the recent pseudo-meta-Xstantial binge of ambitious directors), most notably the fun Existenz, followed by the entertaining Matrix, and to a lesser extent Thirteenth Floor.  The mystery and drama blend well in a mix of stunning landscapes, creepy villains (the alien Strangers, who have abducted humans to search their souls...), confused and ambiguous memories, and climactic excitement.  This is one of my favorite movies of all time, and obviously highly recommended.  The DVD is excellent, offering WS and full screen formats, commentary tracks, and others nice extras.  Picture is seamless, sound is superlative.  See this and find how much the better known movies have stolen.
B000002GDJ|5.0|This, to me, is the best Police album out there.  It barely edges out Synchronicity, but it does beat it out.  The reason I like it so much is its nice blend of songs.  Some fast and furious (Message in a Bottle, title track, No Time This Time), some slower and more haunting (Bring on the Night, Bed's Too Big Without You, Does Everyone Stare), and even a couple of funny/clever tunes (Walking on the Moon, On Any Other Day) to remind you that these guys knew how to enjoy themselves, too.<br />The music has a kind of a melodic punk flavor, but is really good.  Sting's bass play is pulsating, Andy Summers understated guitar work flashes in and around the beat, and Stewart Copeland drives it all forward with his outstanding percussion.  The lyrics initially strike you as simple (maybe even repetitive), but they have a thoughtful and thought-provoking element to them.<br />Simply put...I love this CD.
B00005ARDC|5.0|Ya know you can go on and on about who these guys sound like, they lack originality (oh yeah), they sound like old rock, some new rock, add a little alternative.They are part of it all. They are part of your generation whether you are from the 70's or the new millenium.<br />I can't go into each song in review, each of you has you own taste. Once you listen to any 4 songs you are going to be a fan.Listen to them now, you'll be ahead of the pack.
0446310786|5.0|This is a book that everyone should read! It's really moving and might even teach younger kids lessons about people who are only different by the color of their skin.
B00000K2W1|4.0|This is a good &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; album, but it is definitely lacking a few of Janis Joplin's best songs. The more recent &quot;18 Essential Songs&quot; has almost all the songs on &quot;Greatest Hits&quot;, as well as Summertime, Raise Your Hand, Half Moon, Kozmic Blues, I Need A Man To Love, Trouble in Mind, Tell Mama and Trust Me, most of which are lesser known but still essential. I'd recomend the &quot;18 Essential Songs&quot; as a more complete album (despite the &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; re-release with the bonus tracks) if you're looking to get into Janis, or if you like Janis already but don't want to go for the box set.
6301969413|5.0|Actual submarine footage enhances this cold war drama. Excellent acting and a great cast give credibility as well. Adaptation of Mc Clean`s novel wasvery well done. This movie was one of Howard Hughes favorites.There is humor as well as plenty of surprises. I give it 5 stars!
B00005M4JS|5.0|I loved this movie I thought it was amazing and brilliant. Juliette binoche was grate in this movie. I thought her acting was brilliant. As for Johnny depp i think this is one of his best works. And Judi Dench was also amazing in this movie. This was also one of her best works.
B00005JHAB|3.0|Jennifer Lopez is a very successful wedding planner whose personal life centers around her father's Scrabble Club.  It's a bit difficult to accept the premise that she has not had a date in 2 years, but that's what the script says.  Though Lopez and Matthew McConaughey are engaging actors, the script does not give them much to go on.  It is easy to figure out what's going to happen from the get-go, and these film-makers apparently worked on the theory that the best surprise is no surprise at all.  Despite these obvious flaws, it's all good fun and all's well that ends well.
0670824399|5.0|I finished this book in less than 3 hours while commuting, and I thought to myself, did I have a deprived childhood or something to only read it when I am 18! I never knew that this book was so much fun which I thought looked a little daunting when I was little. Indeed, the English was stupendous and maybe a little deep for a 10 year old. 13-15 would be much more a right age. The story is very much a fairy tale, and yet at the same time blended with wit, adventure and mystery wrapped together in a very much believable context. Although it's a little grimly to read about the violence of the Trunchbull. Watch the movie, starring Mara Wilson, you will love it. Makes a great Birthday or Christmas gift. It's not too early to shop for the holidays, is it?
B00003CXSP|2.0|Hannibal is suppossed to be the sequel to the superior, psychological thriller classic The Silence of the Lambs. Yet what Hannibal actually is, is a campy, trashy, B horror flick trapped in Hollywood A list confection. Here we have two great actors Anthony Hopkins and Julianne Moore forced to gnaw on a completely silly script, so choppy, you wonder if Freedy Kruger took a &quot;stab&quot; at writing it. <br />Although, Anthony Hopkins is masterful as Hannibal with his deep, dark eyes and soft purr of a voice, he seduces every scene with the creepiness of hairs raising on your back. That alone I guess would be worthy of viewing. Otherwise forget it, Hannibal seems totally obsessed with turning your stomach scene after scene with  some disgusting movie gore. Now, Silence of the Lambs had its moments of gruesomeness but it was just &quot;moments&quot; of it. Hannibal rolls in the gruesomeness like a pig in mud. This movie lacked a sharp, suspenseful script and the emotional landscape that made us care about Jody Foster and made us want to dig--cautiously--deeper into the mind of Mr. Lecter.<br />Hannibal is half-heartedly entertaining, to be kind, but it is definitely not a sequel, a follow up, or anything closely regarding Silence of the Lambs except for its two principle characters Hannibal and Clarice. Probably the most interesting and under-developed cinematic love saga of all time. <br />Hannibal the movie is a waking nightmare of what too many Hollywood sequels continue to fail at--making a movie that may not be better than the first, but at least attempt to make it a satisfying continuation. <br />Sorry Mr. Lecter, we're just totally fed up.
B00003W8NM|5.0|&quot;With insomnia, nothing's real?&quot; [What's that        flash beside the copier???]<br />    [What's that flash beside the doctor?]<br />    [What's that flash in the first meeting of the      testicular cancer support group?]<br />    &quot;Everything's a copy of a copy of a copy.&quot;<br />    &quot;Like so many others, I had become a slave.&quot;              *  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  * <br />  There is much in this film to suggest that a deep reading of Plato's *Republic* -- especially the section dealing with the two different levels of reality and the myth of the Cave -- is an essential starting point for understanding the perspective of this film.<br />  &quot;I want you to go on to picture the enlightenment -- or ignorance -- of our human condition somewhat as follows. Imagine an underground chamber like a cave, with an entrance open to the daylight, and running a long way underground.  In that chamber are men who have been prisoners there -- since they were children, their legs and necks being so fastened that they can only look straight ahead of them and cannot turn their heads.  Behind them and above them a fire is burning, and between the fire and the prisoners runs a road, in front of which a curtain-wall has been built, like the screen at puppet shows between the operators and their audience, above which they show their puppets.&quot;     (Plato; trans. H.D.P. Lee)<br />&quot;We are shown the ascent of the mind from illusion to pure philosophy, and the difficulties which accompany its progress.  And the philosopher, when he has achieved the supreme vision, is required to return to the cave and serve his fellows [by telling them about the Truth which he has seen...], his very unwillingness to do so being his chief qualification [for they do not want to listen... the knowledge of the Truth hurts their ears, disturbs their illusions...questions their living and their  lives...].     As [Francis M.] Cornford pointed out [in his edition of *The Republic*], the best way to understand the simile [of the cave]is to replace 'the clumsier apparatus' of the cave by the cinema [the movie theater!!].  It is the moral and intellectual condition of the average man from which Plato starts; and though clearly the ordinary man knows the difference between substance and shadow in the physical world, the simile suggests that his moral and intellectual opinions often bear as little relation to the truth as the average film does to real life.&quot;    -- H.D.P. Lee, *The Republic.*<br />                   *  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  *
B000002KHF|5.0|Got my first kiss while listening to &quot;And It Stoned Me&quot;--October 1985. Fell in love with the girl by &quot;These Dreams of You&quot;, lost the girl, but still have the music. I saw Van at Golden Gate Park in SF a couple of years ago and he sounded phenomenal. Perhaps my view of this album is hopelessly subjective but I can't think of anything greater unless it's Blonde on Blonde. JB are you out there still?
1573300403|2.0|I bought it because of all the great reviews saying the quality and content is great.    First, the quality BARELY makes it to average-- I'd say most average DVDs are better than this.  Compared to the Eagles and Roy Orbison DVD which was mastered in DTS, and Britney Spears Live, this DVD bites the dust!  <br />In terms of content, the only piece that was worth putting into this DVD was Motown 25 where Jackson did Billy Jean and the MTV music awards (it was good but not THAT great as others have put it).   The others are OLD video music clips that you used to see on MTV decades ago!   The quality of the sound for those clips are laughable -- you would laugh too if you didn't pay money for the DVD.   Side two is just more of music videos-- the dolby digital mix is SO bad, you'd barely hear any difference than if you listen to audio CDs.
B00003CY0V|2.0|Okay maybe if you just want to see a few (very few) special effects or to see HER chest,  fine.  But this movie was SOOOO terrible.  It was just a lame attempt to show off some Matrix-like special effects.  The most disappointing part was that the movie actually started off pretty really well, with excitement and a great special effects scene.  But by the end of the movie you could tell this was put together by a bunch of people who had a lot of cool ideas,  like &quot;yeah we should have a bus get picked up by a helicopter!&quot; and &quot;yeah we should have this as a special effect!&quot; and it never really mattered if the ideas worked with eachother or had anything to do with the movie. Like cheetos, its REALLY cheesy.
B000002LND|5.0|I have always liked all of Madonnas songs since they are all singable. To have all of her best songs on one CD is great. This CD will keep you singing in your car...but don't get caught belting out the tunes when a car drives next to you!!
B00003CXN4|3.0|There was alot of hype for this movie but it just didn't live up to expectations.  While it had a great plot and such an excellent cast, the potential was there but it just lacked something.  The ohio and mexican scenes were filmed with a hazy yellow or blue lighting (done for artistic merit or whatever) were annoying and every monologue spoken by the characters was really slow and dragged out, very little emotion was shown through the movie,  which I found especially odd considering the heavy subject matter.  It was also a bit unrealistic, for example the daughter goes from being an honour roll etc. student who does drugs recreationally to very suddenly running away from rehab to living on the streets and sleeping with her drug dealer for heroin.  And of course this missed what could have been a great part in the movie, by showing what its REALLY like for people to do heroin (as in the after effects, not just the getting high part).<br />Alot of the movie relied on &quot;shock value&quot; by things that just weren't very shocking at all, like the upper class prep school kids doing drugs, the well respected business man being the drug lord and the mexican general who was trying to put an end to the drug smuggling really working for the rival cartel.  And none of these &quot;revelations&quot; were very suprising at all.  This movie was a typical drug war movie with no new material at all.
6300273199|4.0|I just want to add these comment to the previous reviews:<br />There are several attempted and downright useless interviews with the band members which end up getting cut into the concert footage.<br />Bon must have started with a huge tumbler full of booze for his interview, but the cuts are out of chronological order.<br />Thus, you see Bon's glass full. Then almost empty. Then some ways down. Back to almost full. Up, down,up down.<br />Now that you know, look for it!
B000002L82|5.0|Their second and much more consistent album.  Hooky's bass really starts to take effect from this release onwards.<br />It is obvious from this album that the band had discovered their own direction to take, rather than copying their old JD days.  Barney's love of eurodance combined well with the pop stylings of the band on such numbers as the opener 'Age of Consent'.<br />However a darker touch still is constant on this album.  Though unlike before it is much more focused and expertly written into songs.  <br />On '586' you can hear the blueprint for 'Blue Monday',(absent from the UK release), it is very similar in style and compares quite favourably with the classic 'Monday', especially when it reaches the closing stages and the piano kicks in.<br />'Ultraviolence' is a dark track, though this is disguised with the sounds created by the band.  'Ecstasy' is a vocodered driven electronic track.  Don't let that put you off!  Rather than maxing up with mic, Barney sings quietly through it and it sounds more like he's singing through a very basic radio microphone.  New Order used vocoders well, once and never again, unlike others! <br />A great album and New Order's first essential release.
B000002I25|5.0|When the Doors blasted onto the rock scene in 1967 with their dark psychadelic debut, they were already fairly well known around the Los Angeles club scene.  The band had been performing at the &quot;Whisky-A-Go-Go&quot; since 1965 and had gained quite a reputation.  So when their debut hit records stores in January of 1967 it became an instant hit and it was only recorded in an impressive six days!<br />The album contains a few hits including the Doors biggest single LIGHT MY FIRE and BREAK ON THROUGH (TO THE OTHER SIDE).  It also includes a fine cover of THE ALABAMA SONG and the grand finale oedipal epic THE END.  However these hits do not overshadow any of the bands other work on this album.  The hard rocking SOUL KITCHEN and TAKE IT AS IT COMES both have the potential to be hits.  TWENTIETH CENTURY FOX and I LOOKED AT YOU are both fun tunes that have a rather hip groovy sixties atmosphere to them.  However the Doors can also be very dark with the haunting ballads THE CRYSTAL SHIP and END OF THE NIGHT.  The band also does a cover of Willie Dixon's BACK DOOR MAN which is a bit boring but was the blues sound that would fully blossom on their later albums.<br />The Doors debut album in my opinion is their best album because it was very impressive that the band could record such a killer album in six days.  It really brought out the truth and spirit of the late sixties.  Unlike most of the music at the time, it was dark, haunting, and mysterious.  The Doors is a<BR>number one record but unfortunetly it only managed to make it to #2 on the charts just missing the top spot.  The reason being was because of the Monkees second album was topping the charts and Monkeemania was a big thing in those days.<br />Overall the Doors is an awesome album and belongs in anybodys cd collection.  The album has several different styles whether it's the hard rock of BREAK ON THROUGH to the pop of TWENTIETH CENTURY FOX to the blues of BACK DOOR MAN this album is essential.  One of the finest albums of 1967 no doubt about it and the organ playing is just so neat!  My hats off Ray Manzerek, Jim Morrison, Robby Krieger and John Densmore.  Thanks for recording this masterpiece!  Highly recommended!
B00003CXSP|4.0|Having read the book that both excited, intrigued, and angered me I was eagerly awaiting HANNIBAL's release in theatres. When the night finally rolled around, I got what I expected. What did I expect, you may ask? I expected a great film and this is exactly what I got. However, HANNIBAL is great in its own way. One cannot even begin to think that it is nearly as good as the film it follows. The film is still a masterpiece though, buy it. Just don't expect to be scared silent.<br />   Dr. Hannibal Lecter managed a gruesome escape ten years ago. Ever since that fateful night in Memphis, he has lived splendidly in Florence. He is enjoying free space, Italian art, and keeping up with Clarice Starling. His dear Clarice has not had as grand a decade as he has. She is taking heat after a drug bust goes horribly wrong. She also knows she will probably lose her job, all while Dr. Lecter watches from afar. This a quite different Starling from the one we saw ten years before.<br />    Meanwhile, one of the good doctor's former victims is actively seeking him. Mason Verger (played humourously by an uncredited Gary Oldman) is incredibly wealthy and will use many resources (including the government and Clarice) to track and torture Lecter. Oldman does not even begin to bring the horror that was the novel's Verger. Oldman makes the role one of comic relief instead of horror. This one of the films low points.<br />   All in all, Hopkins and Moore do great jobs in their roles. Ridley Scott made this film so different that it is hard not to like it. Combining an excellent cast, close following of the book, great directing and beautiful scenary HANNIBAL is great film. However, if you are expecting the same kind of film as SILENCE OF THE LAMBS, don't buy HANNIBAL. If you want a grand film, totally independent of SILENCE, buy HANNIBAL today.
B000002I25|5.0|When the Doors blasted onto the rock scene in 1967, they took North America by storm.  I mean face people!  The Doors were an awesome band.  Jim Morrison unique vocalist style,  Ray Manzerek's groovy keyboard playing,  Robby Krieger's jazzy guitar riffs, and John Densmore's killer drumming put that together with awesome songs like <BR>BREAK ON THROUGH and LIGHT MY FIRE and you have an awesome band!<br />By 1967 the Doors had already been making it big around night clubs in L.A. particularly the Whisky A - Go Go.  In January the band released their debut album THE DOORS and let me tell you this was one of the best cd purchases I ever made!<br />So many awesome songs on one album.  Even the songs that were not hits are great.  The tracks that stand out are BREAK ON THROUGH and LIGHT MY FIRE the Doors first single,  THE ALABAMA SONG and THE END.  However the other tracks prove to be just as good such as the beautifully eerie CRYSTAL SHIP and END OF THE NIGHT.  Their are also hip groovy songs like TWENTIETH CENTURY FOX and I LOOKED AT YOU.  BACK DOOR MAN is the Doors first effort at blues which they would fully blossom with on their later albums MORRISON HOTEL and L.A. WOMAN.  SOUL KITCHEN and TAKE IT AS IT COMES are tunes that bring out the hard rocking side of the band.  All the songs are excellent on this album.  Some such as TAKE IT AS IT COMES(which was not a hit) had the potential to be as big as BREAK ON THROUGH or LIGHT MY FIRE!<br />The bottom line is that the Doors debut album should not be passed up.  It is an awesome addition to anyones cd collection.  It is a dark,cool psychadelic piece of art that still stands today as one of the best albums of the sixties.  In other words.. get it!  You will not be disappointed it is still a really cool and I feel that it could stand very well on the charts even if it was released nowdays!  Highly recommended!
B00005LB9O|5.0|Travis is my favorite band, and for Travis, this album shows quite a bit of progress since The Man Who.  The Man Who was a great album and the first few tracks of The Invisible Band are kind of like an extenuation of their previous album.  The later tracks on the CD, 7 and above I belive, show a lot of progress, however, with more complex lyrics.  They also seem to be trying to distance themselves from the Oasis sound.  On The Man Who, there are many songs which you swear you've heard Oasis play.  I like every song on the new album which is something I can rarely say about most.  So, if you like Travis at all, I think you'll love this CD.
B00003CX8J|4.0|You'd think with a movie like X-Men that it would just be all action and no character development or any sense of depth. But this movie is way different. The film takes time to develop its characters, especially Rogue, so you feel sympathy or agony for what they are going through, men or women. The plot of the movie is really quite simple but is given a lot of intelligence by the clever dialogue and good set-ups. The acting is fantastic - Ian McKellen is a good baddie despite his age, Hugh Jackman is hairy and fabulous, Patrick Stewart puts on a believable show as Professor Xavier, Famke Janssen is sophisticated and sexy, Halle Berry looks cool in a white wig and acts well as the powerful Storm, James Marsden is given heaps of opportunities to WOW! the audience, Anna Paquin is sweet and expresses Rogue's emotions brilliantly and the other evil X-Men do well too, including Ray Park (Darth Maul, anyone) in a tongue-twisting and scene-stealing role. Wow! Good casting, too, as you can see. Okay, back to the facts. The screenplay is neat and has heaps of depth, action, technology, adventure, science, chemistry and comedy. I enjoyed all the action sequences and the film is really hard to dislike, even for people who have never heard of or read the comic book. The story seems quite realistic too and you can even believe its happening, which is a big compliment for a fantasy flick. I loved the techno music on the soundtrack too, really good stuff for a party or something. The third or fourth time you watch this movie it isn't nearly as good as the first or second, but X-Men remains a cool, awesomely designed and entertaining visit into the world of comic book characters. X-Men 2, bring it on!
B00004XQ8E|5.0|This account is exquisite--and heartbreaking. One of my very favorite classical discs.
B00005JHAB|1.0|The first five minutes of the movie are great. It looks to be a  sharp and sassy film. Then, the inevitable kicks in. Jennifer Lopez looks great, as does her supporting cast, but you can't get by on looks alone. Unfortunately, the entire cast is stuck with the screenplay from hell and a director who, apparently, was asleep at the wheel.<br />Bad script, bad acting, bad chemistry, bad movie...'nuff said!
B00005MAM2|5.0|Akira is a very hard movie to follow, but is considered the classic anime because of its impact on the release of anime in the US and its animation quality, which was quite outstanding for the time.<br />This rerelease makes the classic that much better, with a new translation making the plot much easier to follow, although you still shouldn't expect to understand it after the first viewing. On the visual side, the cleaning up of the film is a must for any DVD, but what really makes this film shine is the color enhancement. The original release suffers from that washed out 80s color look, and this rerelease lets you see the film in beautifully vibrant colors that once again put the animation close to on par with the best modern accomplishments.<br />This special edition comes with a fairly interesting second disk. It comes with three documentaries from the 80s, which are simply voiced over or subtitled, but still very interesting to a fan, and a short new documentary about the making of the rerelease. The glossary provides some good back story, which is quite helpful  for a movie as compressed as this one, although it is a tedious way to read it. The image gallery is huge, but mostly black and white production sketches. This isn't an extravaganza of features like the ones you see on Pixar DVDs or New Line Platinums, but for a fan it is worth the extra 11 bucks, plus you get a cool tin case (and it's a very nice case, not like the cheap sleeve on the T2 Ultimate Edition).
079072961X|5.0|Nominated for Best Picture at the Oscars in 1993, This is the story of Dr. Richard Kimble, a surgeon who has been wrongly accused and framed for the murder of his wife. After surviving a horrible train crash while he was being transfered, he escapes from the wreck, and goes searching for clues that can prove his innocence, and search for the real killer. Kimble is hunted by Deputy Marshall Samuel Gerard, who is determained to capture Kimble. Now, Kimble must rely on his wits, brains, and probably brawns to avoid capture, and find the killer. Filled with awesome action sequences (including a awesome train crash), suspense, great character interaction, and great acting, (Tommy Lee Jones won an Oscar for his portrayal of Samuel Gerard), this movie is all a good action movie should be, it's a great story. The cast was perfect, alas, this movie is highly recommened, but who on earth hasn't seen  it?
B00003CXBK|5.0|Princess Mononoke is a nearly perfect anime, with brilliant visuals, dramatic but not distracting computer graphics, a great story which is not horribly compressed but allowed to unfold naturally in 134 minutes, and amazingly, a very good english version.<br />This is the way every anime should be brought to DVD. An excellent cast of actors was used, although some will complain about how well these actors fit the parts, I think you have to accept that the English actors will have to be somewhat  different if you go for big names and this doesn't necessarily make them worse. The script was translated very well and was rewritten in some places to account for cultural differences, resulting in one of the most natural and understandable english versions. The soundtrack to this movie also shines, featuring some simple but beautiful melodies and a mostly western classical score with some integration of eastern instruments.<br />The visuals are the best you will see in an anime released in the US, period. Smooth, vibrant animation, some CG tricks and gorgeous depictions of the nature that the story takes place in.<br />The DVD also has a few extra features: an interview with the cast and the trailer. The English and Japanese versions of the audio also correspond with the video in places where there is text onscreen, so if you pick Japanese audio, you will see the credits in Japanese, etc.
B00002Z88D|5.0|When Metallica and Michael Kamen decided to collaborate on this project together, history was in the making. When it was announced to the publlic, a lot of fans had some questions lurking in their minds. Would it be something that would blow people's minds away or would it be a gig that not many people would be getting excited about? That question would be answered as Metallica unveiled their old songs through different albums, with the power of the San Francisco Symphony Orchestra behind it. The result? A mind-blowing album that's filled with a lot of power and intensity. <br />Each song has been given the proper treatment and it definitely shows how hard both Metallica and Michael Kamen worked on them. You can actually feel the presence of the orchetra filling in the blank spaces of the songs. All sorts of instrusments are brought out to carry out the feeling and power of those songs. From the violins to the saxophones, each instruments brings out it's power and gives each and every song a whole new kind of meaning to them. Some of the best songs on the live album would have to be The Call Of Ktulu (which recently won a Grammy), Master Of Puppets, One, Battery, Nothing Else Matters, For Whom The Bell Tolls, and more songs than you can shake a stick at. The two new songs, -Human and No Leaf Clover, certainly rumbled the place as well. <br />Whether your a fan of Metallica or not a fan, you owe it to yourself to at least listen the entire album just once. I remember watching the documentary for the whole S&amp;M project (this was for a limited time only) and James Hetfield stated they were just experimenting with this project - and that is so true. Metallica have been making history in their career and I highly believe that the band will do some magical things in the future and S&amp;M proves this. The only complaint that most fans have is the fact that any song from the Kill Them All album were not part of the setlist for S&amp;M. My guess is that perhaps those songs weren't melodic enough. Even so, S&amp;M is an awesome album and is definitely worth the price.
B0000029LG|5.0|If Michael's a lil' new to you, and you don't really want to go out and buy every single album, get this one!! I'm not saying to not get his other albums, but this is a GREAT place to start.<br />Here, on two CD's, you get a whole bunch-a Michael's hits, and you'll find out why he's the &quot;King of Pop&quot;!! ;-)<br />Seriously though, this IS a must-have...
B000006NX5|5.0|This really is the best album of the Love Unlimited Orchestra. The atmosphere of &quot;Midnight and you&quot;is breathtaking. &quot;rapsody in White&quot;was a blast in the past in the disco's While &quot;Baby Blues&quot;makes you wanna do things in bed you never dreamed of. The Best of The Maestro's (Barry White) recordings<br />Regards  Rinus Dost The Netherlands
B00004T37H|5.0|I  Love anime and so i got this and akira and Princess Mononoke  blew akira away!watch this movie now!It rules!!!!!!!!!!!!
6305011575|5.0|Great movie......but a bad ending.  Tim Curry was great and he made the movie.  Read the book
0399146369|4.0|Obviously, there must be something wrong with me because I really enjoyed The Last Precinct!  It was one of those books that I had a hard time putting down.  In fact, I was hoping, the next installment might be out already!  I was looking forward to reading about Kay in New York, being &quot;second chair&quot;  to Jaimie Berger.  I also enjoyed the fact that this book  was a continuation of Black Notice.  I certainly hope this is not the last book in the Scarpetta series.  I think she needs a break from the morgue, though, and New York  is as good a place as any to take a sabbatical.
B00004RHZU|4.0|I will split this CD into 2 different categories as far as it's tracks go. There is R&amp;B pop and there is R&amp;B soul. Then there is also some major hip hop influences in here to be found, like most likely on # 9 Can't Take Me Home and # 5 You Make Me Sick. There are quite a few slow songs or ballads on here, which stand out because Pink sings very maturely on her slow songs and with a lot of power in her voice. She places her emotion in these songs, especially Let Me Let You Know a great, great, R&amp;b ballad. It's better than Stop Falling, because Stop Falling isn't my type of ballad. Also check out Is It Love because Pink actually co arranged it and wrote all the lyrics to it. It's a great closer. The dance songs are outnumbered but there's some very nice ones. Of course there is Most Girls which was the huge jam way back when, and There You Go is a memorable huge jam. But of course I feel the best dance song on is Hell Wit You. Think girl power to the 10th degree. Wow. Pink has a thing for unleashing her true feelings and not being afraid what people see her as. Which is why she's so awesome. Highly recomended.
0670451495|5.0|Mrs. Ross, my grammar school librarian imprinted this story into the memory of every child who went through Beecher School. She had a great tall figure and a booming husky voice, and her duck characters were the best.<br /><br />You could picture the ducks waddling across the street as she read. Then she'd hold up the pages, and confirm our wild imaginings. All my school friends no doubt read this classic to their children thanks to the introduction made by a school librarian who was a character all by herself. What a proud legacy.<br /><br />My own kids have outgrown picture books, but they wouldn't be without this one. Neither should you.<br /><br />--- Alyssa A. Lappen
B000002MTU|5.0|eric clapton playing the blues with a top crew of musicians do i need to say any more? buy it youll love it. unreservedly reccomended!!
B00000IO4I|1.0|There's something looks so delicious just in front of you. But when you really begin to bite, ... Jesus, is this food? Can this eat? What is this??? Is the derector an idiot? Or he actually likes to maltreat people especial his audience by a slight and slow way? He's successful. All I can say is, I can't believe this!!!
0060930187|5.0|It is a tragedy that a writer with this brilliant of a voice died by the very hands that transferred her story to paper. <br />The Bell Jar is a haunting novel of a girl in her prime trapped in her downward spiral. Plath writes eloquently, so that what Esther feels, the reader feels. No stone is left unturned in the insanity that follows. <br />I don't know a woman personally, who has not weeped somewhere throughtout this book. A must read for any Plath lover.
B00003CXSP|5.0|Stop complaining!! how do you insist on compare it to Silence of The Lambs??......get it: IT'S A MOVIE OF IT'S OWN... man, it's like saying you don't like the College because it't not the same that the Highschool......
0679746048|5.0|Girl, Interrupted (title taken from the painting by Vermeer) is a work that is impossible to put down. Between the expressed self-loathing/loving for her fellow mental patients and the desire to escape to freedom, Susanna Kaysen has made a sort of game out of her Borderline personality diagnosis.<br />The movie and the book (in my opinion) go hand in hand. The book isn't nearly as descriptive as it should be, thus the movie helps make the characters come to life. <br />A very easy to read book due to shorter chapters. Highly recommended to those readers who are in absolute love with Plath or Sexton.
B00005B36H|2.0|I am not a die-hard Tool fan, but of my favorite songs from any band, Tool's are among them. These include Prison Sex, 46 &amp; 2, Stinkfist, Intolerance, and Opiate. From the new album I can only say that The Grudge and Schism are the ones that I go back often to listen to. A lot of the songs on the latest album are too long, slow and have a very &quot;Perfect Circle&quot; feel to them ex. tracks #2,#3 and #10. Other songs on the album feel like a continuation of the second half of Aenema and are too drawn out.<br />  I recently saw Tool live and it seems that the crowd got mostly excited whenever the band played anything from their past albums as opposed to the new material. Like probably a lot of people, I bought this album because it's a new Tool album, and bought it before hearing any of the songs or seeing any music videos for them. I don't think it would matter if Maynard came out with a spoken word album, Die-hard Tool fans would still buy it, and praise it because it's Tool. Overall, the Tool album I always find myself going back to listen to would be Aenema, simply because as a whole, it has more songs that I like on one disc, as opposed to flipping to different albums only to listen to two or three songs. At first listen to songs on Aenema, I would immediately want to replay them because they were that good. On the latest album, I found myself always comparing it to the last one and thinking, okay, let's get on to the next song. For taking as many years as it did for this album to come out, I was rather dissapointed with this latest effort. If possible, borrow this cd from someone then decide if you want to buy it.
0446605409|5.0|I've read all the DeMille I can get my hands on, and this one was one of my favorites.  It's the first book in a set of two, The Lion's Game as its companion book (and which is a smidge better than this one, even!).<br />I like DeMille because at his best, his characters are smart and sassy, and the stories are cohesive, with serious subject matter presented with a touch of the absurd; the seriousness doesn't become so grave so as to obliterate any enjoyment of the story or his use of words.  This story exemplifies exactly what I mean... once you begin reading, it's like riding over rapids.  The water just rushes on, makes you laugh, and occasionally you stop, startled, when something bumps a bit more than you expected.<br />In this particular story, our main character (NYC investigator Paul Corey) is recovering on Long Island from some gunshot wounds, and he gets involved in the local double homicide of two scientists who work on Plum Island, a contagious disease research center right off of the coast.  Of course, Paul is (in his own mind at least) smarter and savvier than any of the local yokels, even the pretty detective Beth Penrose, who's in charge of the investigation (although properly, she's not local, either).<br />The fact that the scientists worked with some of the most lethal pathogens on earth rises all sorts of speculation that they were being evil and subversive to assist some less-friendly nation with the wiping out of the human race, but Corey in all his infinite and dubious wisdom, uncovers an alternative theory that's much less lethal -- at least for greater mankind -- but all the more intriguing for those who love history and treasure hunts.<br />I enjoyed this book.  Most voracious readers would, too.
B000002MY3|5.0|This is absolutely the first CD that I ever owned where I loved EVERY single song on it. Each song is great, and still I know the words to every song, even today.
B000002AH9|2.0|I love Billie Holiday when she is backed by Jazz music, especially the saxophonist Lester Young. She was a Jazz singer afterall. This CD has her fronting a very cheezy, langorous, muzak-like string arrangement. Much of her youthful insouciance is gone in these recordings, made during her last years of life. The music painfully plods through just about every hit song Billie sang, each one introduced with a flurry of terrible sounding strings. There's hardly any alteration in her tone and, if you're not listening very closely, you might think the CD was covering an extended version of the same melody. There are Billie Holiday collections much better than this one, such as 'Love Songs' or the two cd set of Billie Holiday with Lester Young entitled 'A Fine Romance'. It is in these recordings that the true beauty and charm of Billie's voice comes through.
B00005214X|5.0|This album is really great. George Harrison is an awesome guitar player and a great lyricist! This CD is truly a rock classic!
B000001F76|5.0|This is the definitive collection.  Hank Williams is the best storyteller in the history of popular music.  Sit back,drink a six pack by yourself and pop these two discs in.  You will do a lot of thinking about life guaronteed.
0451203933|5.0|Mr. Bowden's narrative reminded me of the blunt reality of the battlefield: it is still a deadly dangerous place.  For those of us who served our country during a time where very little American blood was spilled in anger, and for those of us who  viewed the antiseptic depiction of the Gulf War on CNN, &quot;Black Hawk Down&quot; serves as a valuable reminder that technology has not removed the human element from the old-fasioned firefight.  The author does a remarkable job in bringing the battle to life for the reader, and--more importantly--honoring those who served and gave thier lives the the streets and alleys of Mogadishu.  His evaluation of the events of October 3rd and 4th, 1993 in this far-away African city is straight-forward and even-handed.  I applaud his effort, as well as the effort given by all the D-boys, Rangers, SEALs, Pararescuemen and soldiers of the 10th Mountain Division. Thank you, this is a story that needed to be told.
B00005ASHM|5.0|Everybody wants something.  Brian Wilson captured that something in his personal masterpiece Pet Sounds.  So poppy and weightless on one listen and so dark and menacing on another you never know what you will hear from this album.  Many positive and negative emotions were swirling around with his LSD binges, endless tinkering and  control-freak attitude.  Welcome to Pet Sounds.  This album is what it is cracked up to be.  Whatever you are yearning for in your life you will be able to see in Pet Sounds.  That aside it is also a psychedelic beach carnival of sounds packed into an eight track recorder.  There would be no Sgt. Peppers without Pet Sounds. The Beatles would simply not have had the ambition or the know how if Brian hadn't paved the way.  In my opinion I don't think that this deluxe package is the best way to experience the true vision of the album.  Go as close to the source as you can, the number one option being vinyl after that a cd with the songs on it only once.  I think this two-versions on one disc is horrible to be honest you can't really fall in love with the sequencing and short play time which are so critical to the album.  Enough babble.
0380973650|4.0|Well, after see all the great reviews here, I thought I'd better give this one a shot.  Glad I did.  Never having read any previous books by this author, I was unsure of what to expect.  Expect the unexpected!  Wow....I don't recall the last time that I could go from one chapter to the next and come away with such varying feeling....repulsed, excited, happy, disbelief, you name it and you will probably experience it while reading this one.  I may have to try another of Mr. Gaiman's books.....Enjoy!
0140185232|5.0|William Somerset Maugham is considered one of the best authors of the 20th century. After reading this book, I can understand why. His grasp of the human condition is simply phenomenal. He is one of those rare authors that can make his characters leap off the page and become living, breathing creatures. The introduction to this Penguin edition spends much time trying to place the fictional characters into the context of Maugham&#8217;s life. I&#8217;m sure the characters in this story are somewhat based on real people, as any author worth his salt always draws on real experience to create a story. Personally, I couldn&#8217;t care less if these characters were based on real people, as it wouldn&#8217;t make them any less interesting to me.<br />&#8220;The Razor&#8217;s Edge&#8221; really has a simple message. It asks us to reflect on how we lead our lives. Do we follow the masses or seek inner fulfillment? Is it right or wrong to drop out of society and follow our inner selves? Maugham makes us ponder these questions as he introduces us to his characters ... When I think of the overall plot of the book, even after reading it, it doesn&#8217;t really seem that interesting. But when I think all of the little things within the book, I realize how excellent the novel is. Read this book, even if it is the only Maugham book you ever read (which is a pretty pretentious statement on my part, as this is the only one I&#8217;ve read). The prose is excellent, and the psychological insights are really amazing. Recommended.
B00005IC2H|5.0|This music is not for everyone, but for those of us it is for, we will be in utter bliss upon listening.  That's all, absolute and complete mesemerization.  Cheers.
B00004TH7Z|4.0|This is definitly the best iron maiden album to buy so far, for someone who is just getting into the maiden scene. However, that is not to say that veteran maiden fans won't enjoy this cd, because you defenitly will. This cd contains work that I consider to be an effective introduction to maiden's overall style. There are songs (like mercenary) that are fast and angry, and songs that are slower (not to say they are slow, just not as fast as others). If you like metal in general, you will definitly find something here you can live with happily. An excellent job by maiden.
B00003CXXJ|5.0|From the moment I first saw the trailer for Shrek, I knew I wanted to see it. I got to see it at an advanced screening a couple weeks before it opened. I knew it was going to be good, but I didn't know how good. I laughed all the way through it. The voice-talents are great, the script heart-warming and hilarious at the same time, and the animation is absolutely incredible. In a summer that has produced only a few truly good films, this tops the list. Dreamworks does it again by seeking out another brilliant film that will hopefully become the second animated film ever to be nominated for Best Picture at the Academy Awards.
0812550706|5.0|This book is one of the greatest Si-Fi books I've ever read. It starts out with a kid named Ender. After he fights a kid at school, he gets home and gets beaten up by his brother. When he goes to battle school, he is interduced to a game. Little does he know the teachers are controlling the game so they make it harder for him. I can't wait to read the second book in the Ender series.
B00004YKUY|3.0|First, let me start by saying that this is a good melodic rock album.  Steve Augeri is a capable singer.  But a &quot;Journey&quot; album it is not.  While rarely Augeri can sound similar to Perry, it is definately contrived, forced and a very poor substitute.  Anyone who thinks he sounds just like or as good as Perry, has never listened to more that one or two songs of Perry's.  Augeri can't even come close to the vocal range, power, presence, prowess or emotional depth of Perry.  Like I said, not that he's a bad singer, he just doesn't even come close to Perry.  He sounds more like Kevin Chalfant (The Storm, Two Fires) than Steve Perry. I've also had the chance to hear several live cuts with Augeri singing Seperate Ways, and one or two others, on the radio and he was straining to hit Perry's notes and some of them he wisely didn't even go for - which made the song fall apart. As far as the album itself, if you didn't already know it was Journey, you would think it was some new band that wasn't too bad.  Not only does it suffer the loss of Perry's unbelievable vocals, but also his great song writing.  The songs all sound pretty much the same.  Nothing new here at all.  The ballads sound like every other ballad ever written, some of them you think you've heard before!  Some of them sound like Michael Bolton throw away's.  They should of picked a new name for the band instead of ruining the good name of Journey.  It's clearly not Journey.  Had they done that, they would have been able to let Augeri really be himself, and not sound like a Perry wannabe, and I'm sure it would have been much, much better.  It's like someone replacing Ann Wilson in Heart!  It can't be done!  When Schon and Cain had John Waite singing with them, they didn't call it Journey, they called it Bad English.  They should had called this something else as well.  I feel bad for Augeri, having to replace the premier male vocalist and stylist of rock - if not ever.  The album sales only prove the loss of Perry.  It entered Billboard at 50, their last album with Perry, Trial By Fire, entered at 3. Several weeks later Arrival fell off the chart completely.  That never happened with Perry leading the group.  Of all previous Journey albums, this sounds like Trial By Fire, just not as good. The tracks I like best are Signs of Life, I Got a reason, With Your Love, and Live and Breathe.  Like I said, not a bad rock album at all,  it's just not even close to a Journey record. And they shouldn't try to pass it off as one.  And they've ruined it with Steve Perry.  He said that if they did this with Augeri, he would never come back.  Way to blow it Neil and Jonathan.  Thank you for ruining one of the best, if not the best rock bands, and my absolute favorite for decades.
0440234743|4.0|This is my first read of a John Grisham novel.  I look forward to more.  I enjoyed this one very much.<br />What happens when an $11 Billion fortune is at stake in a legal battle where the obvious heirs have been written out of the will, which instead names a reclusive missionary who has no interest in the money as sole heir?  Here we see in dramatic detail what money and power can do to spoil the lives of many and how irrelevant it is for the happiness and contentment of one.  In between is a man, Nate O'Reilly, who learns the power of redemption after nearly destroying his life (no easy journey).<br />The characters and their circumstances are realistically portrayed.  The story has an exciting pace and a remarkable ending.  Well worth the time spent reading.
B00004YKUY|3.0|First, let me start by saying that this is a good melodic rock album.  Steve Augeri is a capable singer.  But a &quot;Journey&quot; album it is not.  While rarely Augeri can sound similar to Perry, it is definately contrived, forced and a very poor substitute.  Anyone who thinks he sounds just like or as good as Perry, has never listened to more that one or two songs of Perry's.  Augeri can't even come close to the vocal range, power, presence, prowess or emotional depth of Perry.  Like I said, not that he's a bad singer, he just doesn't even come close to Perry.  He sounds more like Kevin Chalfant (The Storm, Two Fires) than Steve Perry. I've also had the chance to hear several live cuts with Augeri singing Seperate Ways, and one or two others, on the radio and he was straining to hit Perry's notes and some of them he wisely didn't even go for - which made the song fall apart. As far as the album itself, if you didn't already know it was Journey, you would think it was some new band that wasn't too bad.  Not only does it suffer the loss of Perry's unbelievable vocals, but also his great song writing.  The songs all sound pretty much the same.  Nothing new here at all.  The ballads sound like every other ballad ever written, some of them you think you've heard before!  Some of them sound like Michael Bolton throw away's.  They should of picked a new name for the band instead of ruining the good name of Journey.  It's clearly not Journey.  Had they done that, they would have been able to let Augeri really be himself, and not sound like a Perry wannabe, and I'm sure it would have been much, much better.  It's like someone replacing Ann Wilson in Heart!  It can't be done!  When Schon and Cain had John Waite singing with them, they didn't call it Journey, they called it Bad English.  They should had called this something else as well.  I feel bad for Augeri, having to replace the premier male vocalist and stylist of rock - if not ever.  The album sales only prove the loss of Perry.  It entered Billboard at 50, their last album with Perry, Trial By Fire, entered at 3. Several weeks later Arrival fell off the chart completely.  That never happened with Perry leading the group.  Of all previous Journey albums, this sounds like Trial By Fire, just not as good. It's like they took all of the songs on Trial By Fire, and tried to rewrite them.  The tracks I like best are Signs of Life, I Got a reason, With Your Love, and Live and Breathe.  Like I said, not a bad rock album at all,  it's just not even close to a Journey record. And they shouldn't try to pass it off as one.  And they've ruined it with Steve Perry.  He said that if they did this with Augeri, he would never come back.  Way to blow it Neil and Jonathan.  Thank you for ruining one of the best, if not the best rock bands, and my absolute favorite for decades.
B00005MAM2|4.0|First of all, a bit of practical advice - buy the DVD, not the VHS. This is because of the incredible palette of colors in the movie and the overall use of dark colors to set the mood, which come out much better on a DVD. The only reason I gave this movie 4 stars instead of 5 is some plot holes. I don't mean an inconclusive ending, I mean simple plot holes which pop up every now and then, such as, why do the children act as children and are afriad of blood (in the nightmare scene), when they should be about 40 years old? All sort of small things. But they can really be ignored, since they get forgotten in the intensity of the plot. I guess I'll have to read the manga one day. That being said, I think this movie is magnificent in all respects - scope, quality of animation, music (very original!), intensity of plots, characterization, directing - everything. It's one of those movies which can be enjoyed even by non-anime viewers. I would really recommend it to every fan of either SF or anime. A word of advice - this perhaps is not the best movie to introduce you to anime, since it will cause you to suffer from the so called &quot;akira syndrome&quot; - you'll expect every movie after it to be as good, which is actually the other way around - most other animes aren't as good.
B00003CXRP|5.0|So, you're considering buying Cast Away. More than likely, that means you already like the movie, but now you're wondering if the DVD is worth the money. This is a 2-disc set loaded with extras, but how good are they? 20th Century Fox puts out some of the best DVD releases around, and this is no exception. The running commentary is by 5 or 6 people, including director Robert Zemeckis, but it is dominated by discussion on sound effects, followed only by visual effects. I found this to be very enlightening, but it started to get repetitive toward the end of the film. I mean, there are only so many ways to say how wind and water sounds replaced music in the film. I was also disappointed that other topics weren't discussed. Fortunately, all of the featurettes included on the 2nd disc take care of the commentary's missing information. In hindsight, it actually seems like careful planning on Fox's part as there is a document for almost every aspect of the production. There is a featurette describing the island location, one describing the story of Wilson, small snippets on visual effects, Charlie Rose's interview with Tom Hanks describing his experiences, and a documentary about the research done for surviving on a deserted island. Anything left out is covered in the above-standard &quot;making-of.&quot;  Fox has once again done a wonderful job with a DVD release: elegant, animated menus and content that has been well thought-out and full of interesting information. If you could take only one DVD with you to a deserted island, this would be the one.
B000002JNJ|4.0|THIS RELEASE WAS JUST THE START OF GREAT THINGS TO COME FROM THE TEXAS FOURSOME. ALL THE SONGS ARE HEAVY CLASSICS.
B000002JR8|3.0|THIS LP HAS SOME REALLY NICE SONGS. THE LYRICS ARE     EXCELLENT .  'FIVE MINUTES ALONE' AND 'BROKEN' ARE THE BEST SONGS .
B00004YKUX|5.0|GREAT CD. HE REMAKES SOME WORTHY TUNES BY TOM PETTY,  NEIL DIAMOND, U2, AND SINGS AN AWSOME SONG WITH MERLE HAGGARD CALED &quot;IM LEAVING NOW&quot; HELL YA JOHNNY CASH ROCKS OH YEA YOU'LL LOVE THE SONG CALLED -COUNTRY TRASH- TAKE MY WORD FOR IT -JG IN AK-
B000002UAX|4.0|THIS ALBUM HAS SOME OF THEIR BEST WORK BUT ALSO SOME OF THEIR WORST {#9?}. CUTTING IT DOWN TO ONE ALBUM WOULD HAVE WORKED. ANYTHING GOOD LEFT OVER THEY COULD OF USED ON &quot;LET IT BE&quot;, WHICH NEEDED BETTER SONGS THAN IT HAD. FOR WHAT THIS COSTS I WOULD RATHER HAVE &quot;SGT.PEPPERS&quot; &amp; &quot;MYSTERY TOUR&quot;.  1 STAR PER BEATLE.
6305079900|5.0|I want to speak to Sarah Conner.<br />I want to watch more of this movie.<br />This was so great, and the sequel is just as good.<br />Too bad Cameron had to start being a wimp and make awful movies that are a sell-out to Hollywood....Please make a third one!
B00003CXA2|5.0|Forrest Gump.This is probably the best film I have ever seen.I have many reasons why I say this.One, I guess because of Tom Hanks, in that his style in this film makes me feel like I am actually living this life that forrest is living.Two,it is a beautiful,but tragic love story between two people that have very different views about the nature of thier relationship.Three,this a story about being able to overcome whatever your problems might be no matter what you are facing.The most Profound element in this film you will recognize as soon as it's on the screen.And I think that is the whole point of this timeless CLASSIC.
B00000IMCU|3.0|The basic storyline of this film is great~the world has become almost completely over-run with the walking dead, there's havoc everywhere, and 3 of the last survivors decide to hold themselves up in of all places~a mall.  Although i can definitely see why to many this is they're favorite of the three Dead films, i would have to say i still think that the final film &quot;Day Of The Dead&quot; is much better, not only acting wise, but i have to admit i found Dawn a bit slow moving (it comes in at over 2 hrs)as well. But i did appreciate the humor and irony of the story. i also have always loved how Romero has a group of actors that always seem to pop up in all of his movies ~his wife Christina Forrest, special effects wiz Tom Savini &amp; my personal fave cameo~tho he's only on screen for about 30 seconds in this~John Amplas (who stared in my all-time favorite Romero film, &quot;Martin&quot; )among others.
0553573403|5.0|It's very rare that I can make myself type up a review, but in this case, I'll make an exception. Because, to be frank, this is the best fantasy novel I've read since Tolkien, and everyone should hear how good it is. I just hope I can give a truly convincing argument for why you should read this book as well.<br />With prose that balances just the right amount of description and narrative flow, Martin introduces you to a world where seasons last for years, noble Houses bid for power and glory, and threats loom from all directions. Each chapter is told from the point of view of a different character; usually, one of the Stark family, whose members provide the moral linchpin of the novel. Through this narrative style, you are gradually introduced into the thoughts and opinions of each chapter's guiding character, until you feel that you almost know them. Startlingly enough, even \\"minor\\" characters are well fleshed out - there are no flat stereotypes in this novel, and you'll soon find that even people like the beastly Hound are more than just cardboard cutouts with \\"villain\\" stamped on them.<br />Ultimately, it was the characters more than anything else that made this book for me. Really, I don't see how you can fail to love them, or at the very least love to hate them. As many, many other reviewers have said, this is no typical \\"everybody lives\\" story. People die, tragically and brutally, but this should not turn you away from the book. If anything, it makes you more attached to the characters than ever; rather than self-confidence (\\"Harhar, wonder how Mat will get out of THIS one?\\"), you (or at least _I_) feel real fear for them. Their next misstep could be their last, and that's enough to keep anyone on the edge of their seat.<br />This series also features a departure from the \\"cleanliness\\" of most \\"high fantasy\\", and at the risk of sounding like some sort of an ignorant brute, I mark that a good thing...  Seeing characters actually curse like real people instead of rambling on about \\"goat-kissing woolheads\\" was positively delightful in its originality. Although this definitely means that younger readers should beware, Martin's unflinching (and mature) approach towards such subject matter should be admired, or at the very least, tolerated.<br />This is most definitely NOT cookie-cutter fantasy (which is enjoyable in its own right). Oh, to be sure, there's the usual battling, a touch of magic, and a few otherworldly creatures, but there's also a good deal of intrigue and betrayal. The plot twists and turns on itself, always revealing new surprises. The line between good and evil is a blurry one; there is no Sauron or Warlock king or Mad God Torak. There is only the evil that resides in the heart of men and emerges sometimes from the purest of intentions. As I read along, sometimes I felt myself asking the question, \\"Who should I be supporting? Who's really right?\\" Thank you, George RR Martin, for giving your readers such an interesting struggle.<br />Really, there's not much more I can say to recommend this book to you. But, as someone who has read a TON of fantasy - from Tolkien to Eddings, to Brooks, to Jordan to McCaffrey to Bradbury etc. - I can confidently say this is the most refreshing, well-written, and just plain ENTERTAINING work I've come across in recent memory. Enjoy.of rambling on about \\"goat-kissing woolheads\\" was positively delightful in its originality. Although this definitely means that younger readers should beware, Martin's unflinching (and mature) approach towards such subject matter should be admired, or at the very least, tolerated.<br />This is most definitely NOT cookie-cutter fantasy (which is enjoyable in its own right). Oh, to be sure, there's the usual battling, a touch of magic, and a few otherworldly creatures, but there's also a good deal of intrigue and betrayal. The plot twists and turns on itself, always revealing new surprises. The line between good and evil is a blurry one; there is no Sauron or Warlock king or Mad God Torak. There is only the evil that resides in the heart of men and emerges sometimes from the purest of intentions. As I read along, sometimes I felt myself asking the question, \\"Who should I be supporting? Who's really right?\\" Thank you, George RR Martin, for giving your readers such an interesting struggle.<br />Really, there's not much more I can say to recommend this book to you. But, as someone who has read a TON of fantasy - from Tolkien to Eddings, to Brooks, to Jordan to McCaffrey to Bradbury etc. - I can confidently say this is the most refreshing, well-written, and just plain ENTERTAINING work I've come across in recent memory. Enjoy.
B000056V73|5.0|I believe that Almost famous is one of the best movies I have ever seen. I really enjoyed seeing Kate Hudson in this movie as well. She is a great actress and a beautiful person. I wouldn't mind if she was in more movies. .... Well I think that it's finally time Kate has had a good recommendation for how good of an actress she really is she deserves to be seen a lot more. I really enjoyed this film, and I will continue to enjoy it( even though I have seen it about 30 times since it came out on video. I love the movie thanks to all....
B000021Y7X|5.0|This film shows hands down why David Byrne may be one of the most underrated musical geniuses of our time. When most people think of the Talking Heads, immediately they are stuck with images of David Byrne's weird dancing from Once In A Lifetime, or superimposed faces from Burning Down The House.  Stop Making Sense, a brilliantly arranged, and beautiful sounding recording (with one Dolby Stereo channel and two 5.1 soundtracks on the DVD), show how the bands' sound draws on everything from African rhythms, disco/electronic beats, funk, pop, and pretty much everything else imaginable. Watching a stage-full of musicians, especially as enthusiatic as these, makes this an enjoyable DVD to watch, or leave on as background music, all while giving you a great amount of respect for all the musicians involved. A must buy.
B000002UHG|4.0|Wright's first solo endeavour, Wet Dream, was a pleasant album becalmed in the middle of nowhere. This album, which owes as much to Brian Eno as to Pink Floyd founder Syd Barrett, is going somewhere, and what a somewhere. If I understand it correctly, Wright is facing up to some unpleasant memories in his past. Not the sort of thing for easy listening, it requires you to pay attention. Wright has mastered sound effects to equal his former partner Roger Waters for the first time, and has had the good sense to subcontract the lyric writing to Anthony Moore (as Roger has needed help writing the music). Another note: casting Sinead O'Connor here was a masterstroke. Her work here equals anything she has done on her own, and has earned me greater respect for O'Connor as an artist. True, Wright can't sing, but neither can Eno (or Roger Waters) but that didn't stop either of them from doing well with surprisingly limited vocals. I am surprised to find... listing this album, finally, and recommend it to any fan of Pink Floyd, Roger Waters, or Brian Eno, and I am in all categories.
B00003CXBK|2.0|The plot of this movie is incoherent. The characters are not particularly likeable nor do they inspire the viewer's care, sympathy, or interest. The movie's point is that we are poisoning the earth with our hate, pollution, corruption, greed, deceit, and pride.<br />The animation is good but very unoriginal. How many times have I seen worm like monsters invading human bodies in Japanese animation? It seems like Japanese animation MUST have one of those scenes.<br />It seems the movie creator is trying to spread its shinto/shaministic religious beliefs, which is one of the reason why the movie is so incoherent to the western mind.
B00000JZIQ|1.0|After seeing the terrific Brosnan-Russo remake, I wanted to see the original, since they are always supposed to be better. This has to one of the most idiotic movies ever made. It's not only that it's dated but the story makes no sense. That Dunaway looks at some pictures of men who've gone to Europe recently and picks out McQueen as the robber--can we really believe that? And with no evidence, nothing to tie him to the crime, McQueen goes along with it and returns the money. Because some dumb blond tells him he's guilty? Duh! This was even too dumb for the swinging 60s. I can't understand how people rave about this dumb movie. It lacks any real plot or suspense, and the chemistry between Dunaway and McQueen is about as enticing as two dead fish meeting.
B00004TWZF|5.0|I am a big Luc Besson fan, and this film is one of the reasons why.  Jean Reno and Jean-Marc Barr provide excellent performances in &quot;The Big Blue,&quot; and this DVD provides a great presentation of the film.  The film itself is just a wonderful - no other words for it - story of a man's enchantment with the sea.  The score by Eric Serra complements the film perfectly.  I don't think I can come up with enough effusive praise for this film, and would unhesitatingly recommend it to everyone.  It truly is a great film.
0380973650|5.0|Up until now, Gaiman's prose novels have been small works -- Stardust is a light fairy tale, and Neverwhere is a small urban fantasy. They're good books (Stardust, as those who can remember what I wrote a paragraph above, is in fact excellent), but they're not on the epic scale of Sandman.<br />Neither is American Gods, not quite; but it's definitely in the same league. This is most definitely a book from the author of Sandman -- it displays the same erudition and deep knowledge of myth, the same interest with how mythological figures would interact with the modern world, the same skilled prose, the same knack for memorable characters, and the same deft plotting. The plot was perhaps the most surprising element of this book: throughout the book, I found myself growing irritated with small, but noticeable, gaps in the backstory, and was convinced that Gaiman had tried to shoehorn in a weak plot to explore a theme he was taken with. So I was absolutely delighted when... don't worry; I won't give away the ending. But I will say that it's best to suspend judgment on the plot until you've finished the book. This is good stuff, and anyone who's been wishing that Gaiman would try his hand at something similar to his Sandman stories just got their wish.
0767802519|5.0|I must say that this is truly one of the best Action/Thriller movies I have ever seen. Jean Reno is superb, great actor. A must-see for all action fans!
B000002I2I|4.0|The Doors changed their pop flavoring styles to straight ahead blues on Morrison Hotel.  Robbie Kreiger's guitar is more present in the mix.  Although the soloing is somewhat limited, I truly enjoying the backing presence of Kreiger, Manzarek, and Densmore in support of Jim Morrison's vocals.  Peace Frog is a good spunky number with a strong rhythm guitar presence.  The Spy is incredibly atmospheric and a great chord shift towards the end of the verses.  Roadhouse Blues is an alltime classic featuring another great solo by Kreiger and good keys by Manzarek.<br />This record does not quite measure up to LA Woman as the band contributes some stunning instrumental breaks on that release.  But none the less, anything by the Doors is pure quality.  Morrison could write some provocative lyrics and enough of that is felt on this release.  Morrison Hotel most definitely gets my seal of approval. I'd probably rate it on a par or slightly less than Strange Days and certainly not up to the standards of the Debut and LA Woman.
0385335482|4.0|Today I felt like Becky Bloomwood. There's workmen sanding and leveling the walkway by the entrance to my apartment. I'm trapped inside. When it gets quiet, I peek out the door and race for the car. Once on the road, I hit every red light and turn down one street finding a 3-car accident blocking the road. I'm having a partial anxiety attack in my car. Too many things are trying to stop me from getting to the mall!<br />The title called to me, the description had me. At 25, Becky Bloomwood is a laughable shopaholic (I've heard of worse cases that were NOT fiction). She shares a posh London flat with her great friend Suze and works as a financial journalist, of all things, for \\"Successful Savings\\" magazine. Hating her job and having no love interests, Becky's life IS shopping. She quickly finds herself in serious debt, avoiding calls and letters from her creditors, and realizes she needs help. Dad's advise: C.B. or M.M.M. Cut Back or Make More Money. Becky's unsuccessful attempts at both are a riot, although you pity her. She eventually starts trusting the advice she's been giving to others.<br />Sophie Kinsella's main character is wonderfully quirky and complex. She's mostly an optimist but has a very low view of herself in the world of high finance. Becky gets herself into some humiliating situations and made me laugh out loud at the rationale for some of her spending-sprees. Some sounded very familiar. She comes up with some really creative, but temporary solutions to her credit problems, but let's not give too much away. You just have to read it yourself!<br />Sadly, I buzzed through this book in only 27-hours; just couldn't put it down for too long. I actually resented having to go to work - I wanted to stay home and read! Much of the London lingo was foreign to me but didn't take away from the story. It's easy to figure out. I asked a friend about the currency. One pound is about $1.50 dollars. A \\"quid\\" is slang for pound, like a \\"buck\\" is slang for dollar. Weshould all know that the \\"loo\\" is the bathroom. This one threw me: \\"pissed\\" doesn't mean angry in England, it means drunk! Hope it helps.
B00005O0SQ|5.0|Excellent movie in my opinion, a cast full of reliable talent and some new blood, if you like stories pertaining to the old west or &quot;epic&quot; movies this is one you should see. Pefect rainy day movie...
B00004XMTH|5.0|This wonderful show that was on broadway for 18 years has now come to the T.V. screen, and allowed people to relive the &quot;Memories&quot; of this spectacular show.  All of the sets costumes and special efeecs are just like the actual show. If you watch this it will make you feel like you are actually there inside the Theatre.  This movie is great for anyone that loves Cats.  I highly reccomend this to everyone and anyone out there!!
B000002JSV|5.0|I recently purchased this CD to replace my old worn out record.  Listening to it makes me feel 18 again - the age I was when I bought the aforementioned record.  Sin City and Gone Shooting are two overlooked masterpieces from Bon and Angus, but every track is great.  If you're new to the band buy this before the big sellers - High Way To Hell and Black In Black - you won't be disappointed.
0783242808|5.0|This movie is one of the funniest films ever made! I would have thought it was a movie for guys only, but even chicks dig it too!  Everyone with hormones should go out and watch this movie because it is awesome!
B00004XONN|5.0|No question, this album should have won best album at the grammy's. Steely Dan, Eminem, etc., are all just people who the old folks or the teeny-boppers wanted to win. This album is for the middle children of today, who have no say anymore. Kid A is very different and futuristic, it uses computers and modern technology to go beyond what simple guitars &amp; drums can accomplish. <br />EVERYTHING IN ITS RIGHT PLACE- The leadoff, which right away lets you know this is going to be different. The beginning lines are actually Thom's voice backwards. A good track. <br />KID A- This track is very odd, it's a computer voice that is barely heard. The lyrics are very odd, too, but really aren't the most important aspect.<br />THE NATIONAL ANTHEM- This is very edgy, yet still different song. The horns were a really good surprise, in a song about standing around and being slack-jawed while the world changes.<br />HOW TO DISAPPEAR COMPLETELY- This song is great, very slow but very moody. It's about how to deal with fame and its problems.<br />TREEFINGERS- This is a decent track, it's real purpose is to lead you from HOW TO DISAPPEAR to OPTIMISTIC. <br />OPTIMISTIC- People have always claimed this as an &quot;older&quot; sounding Radiohead song, but I'm not sure that's too accurate. This is the first song I loved from the get-go. The lone &quot;radio-hit&quot; from the album. Lyrics are pretty self-explanatory. <br />IN LIMBO- Another good track, took some time to like. Almost seemes like an in-between track (like TREEFINGERS) to move you from OPTIMISTIC to IDIOTEQUE. But, unlike TREEFINGERS, I really like this one. There are lyrics that can barely be heard. <br />IDIOTEQUE- A very fast-paced track. This is a kind of controversial song b/c some argue its lyrics and whether Radiohead is a semi-techno band. The song is about the end of the world (ice age coming) yet everyone's oblivious to it with their cell phones (mobiles skwrking &amp; chirping) and dancing to lame rave music. The song is almost a pun, and no they aren't techno, as they hate Paul Oakenfold's remixes of their songs. Another note (aimed at you ravers) the song is pronounced &quot;Idiotic&quot;<br />MORNING BELL- Another great song. This one is haunting as Yorke's vocals howl and whine. This is the best version, unlike Amnesiac's. Another song that most people argue the lyrics. I really think it's about divorce.<br />MOTION PICTURE SOUNDTRACK- A decent song to close, I figure it's about death, just from the lyrics and the harp sounds. Not a bad way to end the album.<br />Overall, this album is great. It isn't a &quot;pop&quot; or radio-friendly album, which is another reason why it's so good. It's different and the lyrics are a bit disturbing to read and comprehend. When Kid A shows up, not a matter of if, you might as well put this in and it'll understand the world it's from.
0380799006|5.0|Not outdated at all, the authors have both dad's and mom's points of view in their stories and they certainly don't assume that either mom or dad is home both of the time. Neither do they imply that ALL siblings HATE eachother, in fact, I think their point is that siblings CAN learn to live in harmony. Parents, however, should try to avoid saying or doing things that make the children envious of eachother by not comparing, by not taking sides, by not assigning &quot;roles&quot; to children...this will allow children to see ther good in their siblings. I found exactly what I needed in this book, and agree with another writer that these skills can be used in MANY human relations, not just siblings
B00004SCX6|1.0|Does anybody notice that all of these songs sound almost exactly alike? Does anybody notice that she has never managed to sing any song of hers live??? This album consisted of some of the most bland tracks I have ever heard in my life. I think this had to be the worst album since Vanilla Ice's II D Extreme. (They should do a song together!) This album has manipulated the minds of young, naive teenager girls all over the world, hopefully Briteny Spears non-existant talent will be exposed. Teens dont be mislead!!!!
0312119038|5.0|I enjoy Armstrong's books generally, and I thought this one would be interesting, since I entered a convent during the same period. But our experiences were entirely different.  I hope no one thinks all orders were like hers!  I guess I must have been in a house entirely populated by nuns like Armstrong's saintly and brilliant Mother Bianca!  I did not stay either, but am honest enough with myself to see that 1) I hadn't a vocation, and 2) everything I did was my own choice.  Why would anyone stay in a place with a Mother Walter?  And why would her order put someone like that in charge?  I would be interested in hearing that nun's rebuttal.  Having said all that, I did enjoy the book.  Armstrong is simply one of the best writers on religious subjects.  I am sorry she has no faith herself any longer.
B00004XONN|5.0|No question, this album should have won best album at the grammy's. Steely Dan, Eminem, etc., are all just people who the old folks or the teeny-boppers wanted to win. This album is for the middle children of today, who have no say anymore. Kid A is very different and futuristic, it uses computers and modern technology to go beyond what simple guitars &amp; drums can accomplish. <br />EVERYTHING IN ITS RIGHT PLACE- The leadoff, which right away lets you know this is going to be different. The beginning lines are actually Thom's voice backwards. A good track. <br />KID A- This track is very odd, it's a computer voice that is barely heard. The lyrics are very odd, too, but really aren't the most important aspect.<br />THE NATIONAL ANTHEM- This is very edgy, yet still different song. The horns were a really good surprise, in a song about standing around and being slack-jawed while the world changes.<br />HOW TO DISAPPEAR COMPLETELY- This song is great, very slow but very moody. It's about how to deal with fame and its problems.<br />TREEFINGERS- This is a decent track, it's real purpose is to lead you from HOW TO DISAPPEAR to OPTIMISTIC. <br />OPTIMISTIC- People have always claimed this as an &quot;older&quot; sounding Radiohead song, but I'm not sure that's too accurate. This is the first song I loved from the get-go. The lone &quot;radio-hit&quot; from the album. Lyrics are pretty self-explanatory. <br />IN LIMBO- Another good track, took some time to like. Almost seemes like an in-between track (like TREEFINGERS) to move you from OPTIMISTIC to IDIOTEQUE. But, unlike TREEFINGERS, I really like this one. There are lyrics that can barely be heard. <br />IDIOTEQUE- A very fast-paced track. This is a kind of controversial song b/c some argue its lyrics and whether Radiohead is a semi-techno band. The song is about the end of the world (ice age coming) yet everyone's oblivious to it with their cell phones (mobiles skwrking &amp; chirping) and dancing to lame rave music. The song is almost a pun, and no they aren't techno, as they hate Paul Oakenfold's remixes of their songs. Another note (aimed at you ravers) the song is pronounced &quot;Idiotic&quot;<br />MORNING BELL- Another great song. This one is haunting as Yorke's vocals howl and whine. This is the best version, unlike Amnesiac's. Another song that most people argue the lyrics. I really think it's about divorce.<br />MOTION PICTURE SOUNDTRACK- A decent song to close, I figure it's about death, just from the lyrics and the harp sounds. Not a bad way to end the album.<br />Overall, this album is great. It isn't a &quot;pop&quot; or radio-friendly album, which is another reason why it's so good. It's different and the lyrics are a bit disturbing to read and comprehend. When Kid A shows up, not a matter of if, you might as well put this in and it'll understand the world it's from.
0783227019|5.0|This movie is a very nice watch.  From the harsh depiction of heavy cocain usage, to the nasty violence..You get just as much &quot;bad stuff&quot; as you do in an episope of the Sopranos.  Dont miss this Gangsta flick, that in my opinion leaves Scarface in the dust.  Check out Carlito's Way.
B00003OSTK|5.0|Greta Garbo first uttered this phrase in MGM's &quot;Grand Hotel&quot;, released in 1932. &quot;Grand Hotel&quot; is a classic masterpiece set in Berlin's ritzy art-deco hotel. It's the story of five guests whose lives criss-cross for just a brief time....(1) an aging, suicidal Russian ballerina named Grusinskaya(Greta Garbo). (2) the noble, elegant, handsome Baron Felix von Geigern(John Barrymore), in reality, financially broke and a jewel thief. (3) an ambitious,young, lovely stenographer Flaemmchen(Joan Crawford) looking for fame and the good life. (4) the factory clerk Kringelein(Lionel Barrymore) out to live the good life one time before he dies. (5) General Preysing(Wallace Beery) a ruthless, cold-hearted industrialist. Drinking, gambling, and a love triangle, &quot;Grand Hotel&quot; was released at the height of the Depression. Based on Vicki Baum's novel and play, it earned 1 Million dollars for MGM, and became the most profitable movie of 1932. The first All-Star epic, Lewis Stone and Jean Hersholt round out the stellar cast. This is the finest of 5 films starring the Barrymore brothers, and is John Barrymore's perhaps final great performance. Just 10 years later, alcohol would create his sudden demise and biography in the famous book, &quot;Goodnight Sweet Prince&quot;. Jean Harlow's elderly husband, Paul Bern, was the producer. He died in their Beverly Hills home during production in a scandalous suicide. AMC Cable channel touts a huge list of 1930's classics, but they're wrong. There's only a short list, and &quot;Grand Hotel&quot;s near the top. Near the end of the film, the timid, dying factory clerk is suddenly enriched by luck in a gambling game. He toasts his friends: &quot;To life! To the magnificent, dangerous, brief, brief, wonderful life...and the courage to live it! You know, Baron, I've only lived since last night, but that little while seems longer than all the time that's gone before...&quot; DVD, where are you?
0679879269|5.0|Although this book does not quite have the same, uh, i guess &quot;magical&quot; would be the right word for The Golden Compass, not to sound corny or anything.  But still, what it lacks in creativity as far as fanatsy books go, it gains in complexity and philosophy.  This is an amazing book which, as doesn't often happen in children's books, attacks organized religiong, Christianity and the Catholic church in general.  Philip Pullman does not beat around the bush, trying to subltely put down anything the Church does, he flatly and obviously says &quot;This is what is bad about the Church, this is why I don't like it.&quot;  It's great.  Another aspect about this book and all of Philip Pullman's works is that it is amazingly convincing.  You know how in most books the bad guy may be fooling the characters in the book, and yet the reader always knows the real truth, that the bad guy is lying, or tricking the other characters.  Well, I have only read two books where I, the reader, am in doubt of whether the bad guy is telling the truth or not.  The first one was The White Mercedes (which also happens to be by Philip Pullman) and the other is the Amber Spyglass.  It is awesome to be that convincing and I admire Philip Pullman for his talent.
B00005B4GU|5.0|This album is (so far) the best of 2001. I've been a Radiohead fan since OK Computer, and I loved Kid A. Some people said that this album is just a bunch of b-sides left over, but I disagree. Amnesiac is just as good as Radiohead's 2 previous albums. The thing to remember is that their albums are generally concept-albums, not just some singles with bad songs around them. OK Computer is about alienation &amp; modern problems, Kid A is about society &amp; the first clone (hence the name Kid A). Amnesiac is similar to, but fairly different, than Kid A (i.e. more use of guitars). <br />This album is very good, the only songs that I don't really love are &quot;Hunting Bears&quot; (I would have put another song or just left it off) and &quot;Morning Bell/Amnesiac&quot; (a remix of the Morning Bell version on Kid A, which is much better than tis album's). The rest are very good, my favs being &quot;Packt like sardines..&quot;, &quot;I might be wrong&quot; &amp; &quot;Dollars &amp; Cents&quot;. <br />If you don't have Amnesiac, Kid A, or OK Computer, buy them and hit play.
0783227019|5.0|This movie is a very nice watch.  From the harsh depiction of heavy cocain usage, to the nasty violence..You get just as much &quot;bad stuff&quot; as you do in an episope of the Sopranos.  Dont miss this Gangsta flick, that in my opinion leaves Scarface in the dust.  Check out Carlito's Way.
B00005M4JS|5.0|This is a magical fairy tale with social commentary.  I'm not Catholic but in general religion has tried to corner the market on magic. I think the children in this movie have been over looked.  The actress who plays her daughter does a very fine job. Also the wife beating husband played ignorant very well. The relationship between the grandmother (Judi Dench) and her artistic grandson was inspiring.  A fable all too grounded in reality, very satisfying and involving on many levels.  I could watch this many times.
B00003CX5P|5.0|TPM was a great movie, there are no boubts there. &quot;She has it where it counts,&quot; in the words of Han Solo. First, Star Wars is not sci-fi. Star Wars is fantasy with sci-fi elements. Think of Lord of the Rings, make it much more creative and exciting, add a deeper plot, and put it in space wth much better developed characters, and you more or less have Star Wars. I am not trying to say that SW is like TLOTR; it is fantasy. <br />TPM had great characters, a great plot, and was the perfect introduction to the Star Wars universe. Some fans hated this film becuase of its &quot;kiddie appeal,&quot; with characters like Jar Jar. This film can appeal to any audience, and any audience can see it in a different ways. Kids see it as an action movie; adults see it as a movie with symbolism, themes, etc.<br />In conclusion, TPM is a good movie and a worthy purchase. May The Force Be With You (MTFBWY).
B000002URV|3.0|I fail to see what all the fuss is about. While interesting, this disc is not essential for your collection. The backing tracks are basically the same throughout, with little or no change in tempo. This equals= Boring! The running time is about 40 minutes, no bonus tracks, a 2 page booklet with no recording credits, just ads for t-shirts/sweatshirts, etc. This a disc to be enjoyed maybe once or twice, then shelved. Sound quality is very good if that's any consolation.
B00004XPPB|4.0|An exellent movie where the undercover agent Donnie Brasco finds himself trancforming from a investigator to a real life mobster.  I think that this is a different type of mobster flick because it comes from a differetn angle.  It was well made and has a different feeling then most of its sister-movies.  You will like Donnie Brasco if you liked A Bronx Tale, Carlito's Way, or Goodfellas.
0316776963|5.0|I have recently discovered David Sedaris and he is now among my favorite authors. Congratulations, David!! I love his sarcastic humor and the way he tells about his life in a way that makes me laugh out loud. This is a great sort of autobiography/novel meshed together in a way that I can not explain. Just read the book.
B0000029GA|4.0|Illmatic is a good CD but it is not the 5 ***** classic that everybody makes  it out to be.  I thoroughly enjoy the CD but I just dont think its head and shoulders above everything else available.   I listen to It Was Written more, anyways.
0679805273|5.0|I was first acquainted with the title of this book and a sample of it`s content during a sermon at a Unitarian church service in Manhattan.  The quote so thoroughly summarized how I feel about taking risks and living life that I decided to get my own copy and read the entire book.  I wasn`t  disappointed.  In fact, whenever I have a friend going through some sort of transition, I give them a copy as a gift.  It's a lovely and simple book of philosophy, but then a lot of Dr. Seuss is!
B00003CXBK|5.0|when i first saw all the previews for this i thought it was one of those freaky artsy anime movies. well i was really wrong!. i saw it on tv not too long ago and got hooked right away! i loved the story, characters and music! Better than crouching tiger hidden dragon! the american dubbed version features an all star cast including Claire Danes, Billy Bob Thorton, Gillian Anderson and Minnie Driver. Although many adults would look at this and say, &quot;its a cartoon so its a kid movie&quot; but they are very wrong. infact, this movie contains mature violence and adult language. this movie is aimed toward teenagers and older. well, to sum it up, this movie has a great plot, great cast, and wonderful music. You dont have to be an anime fan to enjoy this!
014028009X|5.0|This book belongs on your bookshelf. Oh joy. Oh happiness of happiness. I laughed out loud many many times, this is a great non-intellectual book to read late a night right before you drift off to sleep. The way Bridget knows the exact number of calories in every type of food you could think of but does not know her times tables is just too funny. I love the girl, she's completely into all of that self-improvement stuff that no normal being can possibly pull off. The way she constantly fails at her New Year's Resolutions reminds me so much of myself. I heard there's a sequal. Hmmmm... that should be interesting. Can't wait to pick it up.
B00003CWL6|2.0|Basically, this movie is of the kind that the critics told us we were supposed to love because Big Media wanted another excuse to fawn over Spacey, Bening, and &quot;discovery&quot; Suvari.  <br />American Beauty is an occasionally pretty movie, but the story is just stupid and pointless, the characters are uniformly unlikable (either big jerks or shrinking wimps), and the sloooooooow directing is definitely a love-it-or-hate-it style.  (I hated it.)  Definitely a rental.
B0000089GM|5.0|I happened to buy this cd unknowingly from a used cd rack, unaware of the bonus tracks. (The back cover doesn't say.) Well, I still wouldn't pay in american, but the two bonus tracks are worth listening to. Get the version without the bonus tracks, and get the extra songs off a download program. Actually, I have all 3 albums, and they're all worth buying! I only wish the singles were available in Canada... Oh, and it is \\"You Hate\\", to the person who thought it was \\"You Have\\". Don't worry, before I took german class, I thought the same.
6305428220|5.0|This movie was the best! I watched it because the cover looked cool, peoples' posts made it sound interesting and once I saw The Fast and the Furious I started looking up peoples' names that were in it and this is probably the GREATEST I came across! It was under Jordana Brewster. When I heard it was a horror movie that made me like it even more because I love horrors. If you want a movie to keep you entertained and to keep you awake I recommend this movie. It's a scary and funny movie. I loved it and I hope you will too! I had to rent it for a five day rental five times! Then I just knew I had to buy it! The characters are different in different ways. I wish they made a second and hope they do with the same characters. And do you know what? It's even better in the dark!
0446310786|5.0|\\"To Kill a Mockingbird\\" is a classic, and will always be. It is about a small town, losing its innocence, like a mockingbird if it is killed, thus the name. A girl named Scout and her brother Jem, embark on many adventures, the last one being the briefest but deadliest.  Little by little, the children become unsheltered from the real world, seeing injustice, and seeing that \\"all men are not equal.\\"  <br />The biggest part of the book is the trial. The famous racist trial. A respectful African-American is accused of raping a  low class American woman.  All evidence is circumstantial. But the way the children's father, who is also the defense lawyer, tells it, it makes it sound like the woman's father raped her.  However, the jury still thinks the defendant guilty, and he gets a death sentence.  And that is where the mockingbird is shot dead right in the heart. <br />Overall it is an excellent book, and everyone who has not read it, I urge them to get their hands on one soon.  Enjoy!! Cheers!! :
6305627347|4.0|Highly recommended buy - I watch this over and over.  If you like the cartoon, you'll like the movie; what else is there to say about this movie?  High praise all around.
0767020308|5.0|This version far surpasses the Gwyneth Paltrow version, both in actors and story.  I much prefer Beckinsale to Paltrow, and very much prefer Mark Strong's more attractive, strong Mr. Knightley. Very romantic. The father is delightful as is Emma's tenderness toward him.  I love Emma's fantasy scenes about the results of her matchmaking and the minister and his wife are delightfully obnoxious.  A more subtle and well-acted Emma in all.  Highest recommendations!
0425166805|5.0|I read this book as a teenager and it changed my view of the world. The more you see of the world the more you realise how right he is right. However, if you are religious or comfortable with the standard 'god' belief then do not read this book. Religion provides a foundation for many people and this book would upset that.
B00000I14Z|5.0|Was it his anti-war militancy in the 60's that got him blacklisted and hidden from mainstream America? Ken Burns continued that trend, or perhaps he ran out of heroes. Listen also to Passions Of A Man, the Atlantic anthology. I came to Mingus via Jeff Beck, of all places. We all start somewhere....
B000059Z8J|4.0|Finally, at long last!  Superman is put back together for fans who've been enduring bad prints, butchered versions, and more on television and video for the last two decades.  Finally the wide screen version of the story is told, with the footage that was always supposed to be there.  You can even see the screentests for Chris Reeve, and more.  There are TV ads and trailers for the film, but the famous &quot;You Will Believe a Man Can Fly&quot; one is not, for whatever reason, included.  That aside, this is just fabulous.  Pop some popcorn, and you'll be back in the late 70s when this came out.
B00005J6UP|5.0|Finally this great movie comes out on DVD. I'm getting it as soon as it comes out.  I've seen it at least 20 times, but with all the extras it's worth it. Long live Sloth! Rocky Road! Sloth Love Chunk!
0140430350|5.0|I believe that the reviewer below who gave this work 2 stars should have rephrased his/her review of &quot;This is the most boring book I have ever read.  It has no meaning.&quot; as &quot;Since there was no uncensored and excessive violent language and themes, this was really boring for me.  My limited intellect could discern no meaning.&quot;
B00004Y6O9|4.0|The first Van Halen album, this introduced the world to EVH's trademark sound and as such was a revolution in hard rock. It is one of the more solid works by a superb band with a somewhat inconsistent recording career. The sound and the song writing are somewhat embryonic; Eddie's playing had not quite matured to it's peak at this point and some of the solo work, though technically exciting is somewhat forgettable such as the tapping sequences of I'm On Fire and I'm the One though these are quality tracks all in all. However clasic tracks are not in short supply here; Running with the Devil, Ain't Talkin' 'Bout Love and You Really got me are all excellent as is Erruption, Eddie's searing statement of intent, one of the most important minutes in rock. However the best songs here are those with restraint, sporting awesome riffs and a minimum of pyrotechnics. EVH is always worshipped as a fret melter but his true strength is his sound and his compositions, that at least is what makes this one of my favourite bands and which elevates this record. For an example of speed used to good effect check out the Ice Cream Man solo, opened with a breath taking tapping cascade. Watch out for DLR's voice on this one too - there was something of an immature sound to it, certainly he never sounded quite like this on any subsequent VH or solo albums.  Quite simply an essential for the VH or hard rock fan.
B000006TRV|4.0|I grew up listening to this album and I think it is one on the best that floyd ever made, I recommend the album to anyone who is a true floyd fan.
B000002G87|5.0|There aren't enough adjectives in the English language to describe this stunning album, yes it is just that good.  It is a perfect blend of pure blues and good rock and roll, which is hard to find anymore.  And it is played with much emotion and excitment.  One can just picture the excitement in the studio during Clapton's blistering solo on &quot;Key to the Highway&quot;.  The sound is under produced which is a relief.  An atempt to put violins or synthesized instruments on this album would have ruined it completely.  As it is the album sounds like a free form jam session which had been rehearsed a few times.  All the players are right on, especially Clapton and Allman.  The best way to describe this superb album is track by track in order to get a full view.<br />I Looked Away: A solid opener with meaningful words and a slight country flavor to it.  Good solo.<br />Bell Bottom Blues:  One of Clapton's most beloved songs, which has been in and out of his stage act for nearly thirty years, and for good reason.  It is emotional and shattering.  Good use of harmonics in solo.<br />Keep On Growing: A sprawling jam, featuring vocals from Bobby Whitlock-pianist in the group.  Good rocker great solo.<br />Nobody Knows You...: A slow blues standard which allows Clapton to articulate his singing voice-very heartfelt.  Good slide work from Allman.<br />I am Yours:  One of Clapton's most beautiful songs, not a rocker a good acoustic ballad with words borrowed from Persian writer Nizami.  Poetic and touching<br />Anyday:  If any song lacks something it's this one.  Not one of my favorites, but a good one all the same<br />Key to the Highway:  Best Clapton solo ever i believe.  This old blues songs gives Clapton a chance to showcase his extreme skill for over nine minutes and it doesn't even seem long.  It leaves you wanting to hear more of his spine tingling fret work.<br />Tell the Truth:  Great rocker standout slide work from Allman<br />Why DOes Love Got to be so Sad:  Powerful, Emotional and Impressive Rocker, great numbing solo<br />Have You Ever Loved a Woman:  Another slow blues, impressive soloing, heartful lyrics-which seem fitting fro Clapton amidst his love triangle with best friend George Harrison and Harrison's wife Pattie<br />Little Wing:  Clapton gives a completely different spin on Hendrix's masterpiece, making it his own.  Powerfully played and sung, great solo<br />It's Too Late:  Blues at it's best, solid solo<br />Layla:  There's a reason this song is regarded as rock's best love song, it's powerful emotion.  Clapton seems on the verge of a breakdown on his vocal and his playing is equally tormented, a masterpiece perfectly describing the trials of a lovesick man.  The piano bit at the End written by drummer Jim Gordon is a real nice touch.<br />Thorn Tree in the Garden:  Written exclusively by Whitlock it is a pretty acoustic ballad, soulful vocals by Whitlock and beautiful playing by Clapton, the perfect end to a perfectr album<br />NOTE:  NO SONG ON THIS ALBUM SHOULD BE SKIPPED.  IT TAKES A FEW LISTENS TO APPRECIATE ALL THE BLOOD SWEAT AND TEARS THAT OBVIOUSLY WENT INTO THE MAKING OF THE EXTRAORDINARY ALBUM.
B00004XOWM|5.0|COMMENTS: Is everybody brain dead this album really rocks! every song is just like Significant Other and everybody loved that album and why is everybody sayin Limp lost their touch this album didnt disapoint. <br />BEST SONGS: &quot;Rollin&quot;, &quot;Boiler&quot;, &quot;My Way&quot;, &quot;My Generation&quot;, &quot;Hold On&quot;, and &quot;Take A Look Around&quot;
B000051VWW|5.0|In the past, I have not been enough of a fan of Sade until I heard the song &quot;By Your Side&quot; on a television show.  I knew I had to have the CD.  <br />The CD has a mix of sorrows, inspiration and anticipation.  This CD is certain to be a life time favorite of mine.
0345350499|3.0|&quot;The Mists of Avalon&quot; was engaging, provocative, creative.  The most vivid descriptions for me were of the mists of the Lake-- the ritual for calling the barge that carried the main characters across the Lake-- Vivian, Morgaine and the loving regard and descriptions of the little people.  &quot;The silent little people moored the boat...&quot;  The silent movement of the barge made me feel the mystery and tranquillity and serenity of the Lake.  The contrasts in the description of the Isle of the Priests and that of Avalon were provocative as were the constant discussions by the characters-- Arthur, Vivian, Morgaine, King Author, Queen Qwenhwyfar--   about religion versus pagan rituals.  Lancelet was tormented about his earnest love for both King Arthur and Queen Qwenhwyfar and Christianity versus Pagnism.  Queen Qwenhwyfar-- while professing devout beliefs for Christianity and contempt for the pagan religions did not seem too troubled by her active adultery.  Frankly, her character came across as very shallow, extremely intolerant, and hypocritical; although, to her credit, she protected her ladies in waiting from being ravished and from harm.  I like the movie versions of her character better.  She seemed mean and petty in this book.  I have not seen the television movie yet and am looking forward to comparing this.  King Arthur was not nearly as awesome as in the movie character of him in First Knight and Camelot.  But King Arthur was very kind and gentle in this version.  The concept of the round table came through as I've alawys understood the &quot;round table&quot; myth.  Laqncelet was so tormmented.<br />I was not disturbed by the characters struggle with paganism versus Christianity, although I have no intereste in paganism. This book is not my usual type of book to read as I have never been caught up with Greek gods and goddesses or pagan gods and goddesses.  Despite this, the great respect accorded those who believed in paganism was convincinglyargued by the author.  I liked her treatment of this topic.  I am not dashing off to do research on paganism and never will.  It is just not my thing. <br />Regarding this, I  felt the  persuasion and sympathy for the high regard of the author for the little people and the old religion.  It was interesting that Vivian was buried at the Isle of Priests and the discussions near the end of the book by Morgaine with a Sister.  <br />The Holy Grail experience and the Search for the Holy Grail was somewhat under developed.  The rush by the knights to search for the Holy Grail right after the description of the experience in the church seemed not as thought out as other parts of the book. While this should have been a very strong part of the book, it was almost comical in her treatment.<br /> I felt the son of Lancelet, Gwydion fizzled out at the end of the book after he came on strong in the middle or 4th part of the book.  <br />Finally, I liked the idea of the women being strong, in-charge, powerful creatures.  The men of the world to a greater or lesser degree are still struggling with this concept. That is the amazing part--that today in modern times, men in America, Africa, the Middle Eastern countries, Asian countries, most of the world still have a difficult time accepting women as equal creatures on this earth.  <br />I believe the movie will appeal to me more than the book.<br />However, I recommend the book to anyone who is curious and likes provocative discussions or is mad about mythology.  After all, the Christian Crusades, the modern religious wars throughout the world are just as bloody awful.
B000002MP2|5.0|There is a huge gulf between a band the quality of Green Day and the immature doodlings of Blink182. Contrary to popular opinion, there IS intelligence in Green Day, just like in this album. Almost every track stands out as being memorable with little filler. As a great punk album of the 90's, they just don't get any better than this. Take each song individually, they're great, or the album oas a whole idea, what it stands for, it's still immaculate. Greatness within simplicity. Genius.
0345350499|3.0|&quot;The Mists of Avalon&quot; was engaging, provocative, creative.  The most vivid descriptions for me were of the mists of the Lake-- the ritual for calling the barge that carried the main characters across the Lake-- Vivian, Morgaine and the loving regard and descriptions of the little people.  &quot;The silent little people moored the boat...&quot;  The silent movement of the barge made me feel the mystery and tranquillity and serenity of the Lake.  The contrasts in the description of the Isle of the Priests and that of Avalon were provocative as were the constant discussions by the characters-- Arthur, Vivian, Morgaine, King Author, Queen Qwenhwyfar--   about religion versus pagan rituals.  Lancelet was tormented about his earnest love for both King Arthur and Queen Qwenhwyfar and Christianity versus Pagnism.  Queen Qwenhwyfar-- while professing devout beliefs for Christianity and contempt for the pagan religions did not seem too troubled by her active adultery.  Frankly, her character came across as very shallow, extremely intolerant, and hypocritical; although, to her credit, she protected her ladies in waiting from being ravished and from harm.  I like the movie versions of her character better.  She seemed mean and petty in this book.  I have not seen the television movie yet and am looking forward to comparing this.  King Arthur was not nearly as awesome as in the movie character of him in First Knight and Camelot.  But King Arthur was very kind and gentle in this version.  The concept of the round table came through as I've alawys understood the &quot;round table&quot; myth.  Laqncelet was so tormmented.<br />I was not disturbed by the characters struggle with paganism versus Christianity, although I have no intereste in paganism. This book is not my usual type of book to read as I have never been caught up with Greek gods and goddesses or pagan gods and goddesses.  Despite this, the great respect accorded those who believed in paganism was convincinglyargued by the author.  I liked her treatment of this topic.  I am not dashing off to do research on paganism and never will.  It is just not my thing. <br />Regarding this, I  felt the  persuasion and sympathy for the high regard of the author for the little people and the old religion.  It was interesting that Vivian was buried at the Isle of Priests and the discussions near the end of the book by Morgaine with a Sister.  <br />The Holy Grail experience and the Search for the Holy Grail was somewhat under developed.  The rush by the knights to search for the Holy Grail right after the description of the experience in the church seemed not as thought out as other parts of the book. While this should have been a very strong part of the book, it was almost comical in her treatment.<br /> I felt the son of Lancelet, Gwydion fizzled out at the end of the book after he came on strong in the middle or 4th part of the book.  <br />Finally, I liked the idea of the women being strong, in-charge, powerful creatures.  The men of the world to a greater or lesser degree are still struggling with this concept. That is the amazing part--that today in modern times, men in America, Africa, the Middle Eastern countries, Asian countries, most of the world still have a difficult time accepting women as equal creatures on this earth.  <br />I believe the movie will appeal to me more than the book.<br />However, I recommend the book to anyone who is curious and likes provocative discussions or is mad about mythology.  After all, the Christian Crusades, the modern religious wars throughout the world are just as bloody awful.
B000021XR5|4.0|I must have played Core (STPs first album) over a 100 times and still to this day believe its an outstanding CD! I finally bought NO.4 just he other day and I wasn't in the least bit disappointed! There are many different feels to the CD from the typical very heavy STP to much lighter songs still with an STP feel to them! This CD definitely continues my loyalty to this band, if you like Core then you will love this one! I was very surprised to hear how many different singing styles Scott weiland can sing, he is in my book, one of the most talented around!
0345350499|3.0|&quot;The Mists of Avalon&quot; was engaging, provocative, creative.  The most vivid descriptions for me were of the mists of the Lake-- the ritual for calling the barge that carried the main characters across the Lake-- Vivian, Morgaine and the loving regard and descriptions of the little people.  &quot;The silent little people moored the boat...&quot;  The silent movement of the barge made me feel the mystery and tranquillity and serenity of the Lake.  The contrasts in the description of the Isle of the Priests and that of Avalon were provocative as were the constant discussions by the characters-- Arthur, Vivian, Morgaine, King Author, Queen Qwenhwyfar--   about religion versus pagan rituals.  Lancelet was tormented about his earnest love for both King Arthur and Queen Qwenhwyfar and Christianity versus Pagnism.  Queen Qwenhwyfar-- while professing devout beliefs for Christianity and contempt for the pagan religions did not seem too troubled by her active adultery.  Frankly, her character came across as very shallow, extremely intolerant, and hypocritical; although, to her credit, she protected her ladies in waiting from being ravished and from harm.  I like the movie versions of her character better.  She seemed mean and petty in this book.  I have not seen the television movie yet and am looking forward to comparing this.  King Arthur was not nearly as awesome as in the movie character of him in First Knight and Camelot.  But King Arthur was very kind and gentle in this version.  The concept of the round table came through as I've alawys understood the &quot;round table&quot; myth.  Laqncelet was so tormmented.<br />I was not disturbed by the characters struggle with paganism versus Christianity, although I have no intereste in paganism. This book is not my usual type of book to read as I have never been caught up with Greek gods and goddesses or pagan gods and goddesses.  Despite this, the great respect accorded those who believed in paganism was convincinglyargued by the author.  I liked her treatment of this topic.  I am not dashing off to do research on paganism and never will.  It is just not my thing. <br />Regarding this, I  felt the  persuasion and sympathy for the high regard of the author for the little people and the old religion.  It was interesting that Vivian was buried at the Isle of Priests and the discussions near the end of the book by Morgaine with a Sister.  <br />The Holy Grail experience and the Search for the Holy Grail was somewhat under developed.  The rush by the knights to search for the Holy Grail right after the description of the experience in the church seemed not as thought out as other parts of the book. While this should have been a very strong part of the book, it was almost comical in her treatment.<br /> I felt the son of Lancelet, Gwydion fizzled out at the end of the book after he came on strong in the middle or 4th part of the book.  <br />Finally, I liked the idea of the women being strong, in-charge, powerful creatures.  The men of the world to a greater or lesser degree are still struggling with this concept. That is the amazing part--that today in modern times, men in America, Africa, the Middle Eastern countries, Asian countries, most of the world still have a difficult time accepting women as equal creatures on this earth.  <br />I believe the movie will appeal to me more than the book.<br />However, I recommend the book to anyone who is curious and likes provocative discussions or is mad about mythology.  After all, the Christian Crusades, the modern religious wars throughout the world are just as bloody awful.
B00004Y6RO|5.0|This was the first metal album i actually listened to, now I like all other types of metal too.  my favorite songs are surfacing, spit it out, and eyeless.  my favorite songs from the digipack are get this, diluded, and despised.  Every time i listen to this CD i get something more from it that i hadn't heard before. I never get board of this album and i can't wait for Iowa!
B00004TRD8|5.0|well as time goes on it is not as ultimate as it was and i would have liked a two disk set not a two sided disk BUT it's great. on the first side of the disk you have three cuts of the movie....yes you heard me THREE cuts of it, a reguler, a new cut with added scenes and a hidden third cut that is even more extended with the alternate ending (hint on finding the third cut; just go to to the options menu before you start the movie and punch in the date for judgement day) anyway i love the movie and it has some of the greatest action scenes ever in a movie, and in it's day the computer effects was groundbreaking.<br />now aside from the movie the second side of the disk is packed with stuff and will keep you busy for a long time going through it all.....and the metal case is just super cool.
B00000IPAX|5.0|excellent punk album best tracks- whats my age again,adams song,all the small things and the party song
B00003CXS4|5.0|Ignore any critics who say &quot;he done the same last time!&quot; because it's a fun movie and i have never seen his other movie so for me it was all new. see i love a movie that knows how to use cuss words like it was an art form! this movie is a great time and the disk has so many extras you will have spent your money well.
B00005LMBK|3.0|this cd is pretty good i like it best tracks- clint eastwood and rock the house
6305161879|2.0|Fear not, DVD fans, a brand new Special Edition version will be released in the first quarter of 2002!
B00004Z459|3.0|Its a good CD and everything, especially their song &quot;Crawling&quot;, but if u like a band thats as good live as they are on their cd then their not 4 u. Sorry, but their terrible live!
B00003CXTF|5.0|This movie is the best movie I have ever seen! It is such a cute love story and it's not a minus that Josh Hartnett and ben Affleck is in it! The movie lasts for 3 whole hours but when it's done it seems like you've only been watching it for like ten minutes! It's great. Great story (not too much love and not too much war), great actors, great scenes, it was just great! So everybody who hasn't seen it yet go and see it! If you don't you will regret it for the rest of your life, I promise!
067101756X|5.0|Every American should read this book as it explains what many of us have wondered about for years!  Extremely interesting! I couldn't put it down!
B000002UTY|5.0|Having been a confirmed DEADHEAD I would have given anything to have scene the DEAD and Quicksilver perform &quot;LIVE&quot; back in the old &quot;COWPALACE&quot; day's.OH! Well WISHFUL THINKING ain't gonna get it.Happy TRAIL'S is without a doubt my favorite Quicksilver album.I now the Dead were real good friends with all the members of Quicksilver and had lot's and good times up there in NOVATO playing COWBOY'S and INDIAN'S. John Cippolina was MONSTER guitarist and good friend of JG's. The album cover alone stands as a &quot;CLASSIC&quot; all by itself. WHO DO YOU LOVE.
B000001C6M|5.0|Slayer's first, although lacking refinement, storms onto the scene with plenty of raw energy.  Although not as good as their future releases, the ten songs found here are wild promises of things to come.  My favorite is &quot;Black Magic&quot; with its consistent lead-in and pounding intensity, and &quot;Die by the Sword&quot; is a Slayer classic.
B000002BUY|5.0|I just want to say incubus is my favorite band ever!! Brandon has the most poetic lyrics and sings beautifully.the rest of the band is very talented with their instruments too. I would like to write a mini-review for each song.... and I will!this will be on a 1 out of ten scale. 10 best 1 worst. got it? good.<br />1.Redifine-a good opener, and some clever lyrics. a song that will really get you into the CD and will make you crave more.9<br />2.Vitamin-one of my favorites. i love the beginning when he says 'i'm born/i'm alive/i breathe/ in a moment or two i realize the sphere on which i reside is asleep on its feet/ should i go back to sleep?' awsome courus heavy guitar and some really bitchin scratchin'!10<br />3. new skin- this is a really addictive song, so i advise you not to listen to it over and over or it will lose its apeall. otherwise it has some fast singing snd more scratchin'!Dj lyfe is awesome. good guitars and drumming too.8<br />4.idiot box-this has a cool sort of jazzy,funky feel to it, and i love the way brandon sings on this song in especially. this song is about people who watch too much tv, and it got me to get off my fat, lazy arse and do things. youll love this songs cool courus also.9<br />5.glass- this song has grown on me cause it just feels good to listen to after a rough day(in my opinion, anything by incubus is good after a rough day.) good guitars, poetic lyrics, great singing.10<br />6.magic medicine-this is weak. its boring and just gets in the way the words are weird and sorta funny but they get tiresome after like, one listen. 2<br />7.certain shade of green-heavy song cool lyics and great singing lotsa scratchin'(which i just love) but, unfortunatly this, like 'new skin' get tiresome after too many listens. but one of their best songs nonetheless.8<br />8.favorite things-this is an awsome song with heavy guitars and great singing and lyrics. it has a cool 'jump around the room' sorta feel and this is be a song that should be long remembered.8<br />9.summer romance- awsome jazz rock song that has a guy playing the saxophone. the vocals sound different but good and this would be a good song on a date, because it acually is a song that chicks dig, and isn't a sappy love song.9<br />10.nebula-heavy, fast paced, and someone playing an electric drill.(WTF???) you may or may not like it i cant describe it that well.6<br />12. deep inside- a song about being stoned and cant find your way back home. there is a part that is funky and the goes into hard metal and back to funky my favorite song on the whole album.10<br />13-calgone- this song is like nebula, fast paced and heavy. funny lyrics and scratching lyke you won't believe.7
B00000ILLS|5.0|The album that brought Eric a basket full of Grammies plus bonafide worldwide recognition for his greatnes and his love of the Blues. The Japanese pressing here has made this an exceptional piece to have especially for the Ericphiles!!!! Its a little expensive but well worth the money in my gracious opinion. You can really tell the difference on an excellant stereo system.
B00005KFUM|5.0|This is the best of Metallica, Radiohead and Roxy Music all in one.  It's not out yet in the US, however, I got it after seeing a video in Europe. Definately worth checking out!!!!
B00004RITP|5.0|This interpretation is a revelation. I am not familiar with Simon Rattle's prior interpretation, but have heard a few others. This performance will go down as one of the most inspired, moving, and interesting interpretations of any work I have ever had the pleasure of hearing. I enthusiastically recommend it. Mahler's final creation is fascinating, and the final movement is among the most emotionally shattering, profoundly beautiful, and mysterious that I'm aware of.<br />A few caveats, it is a live performance and has minor peformance flaws and some audience noise. It's too bad that this wasn't a Reference Recording and encoded in HDCD. I hope the master was 24/96-192 encoded so some day we can hear a better version of the original performance. HDCD and Keith O. Johnson have totally spoiled me.
B00005A1PR|2.0|I saw her perform on a morning show, Regis, I believe, and she was great!  She did her signature song, India Arie.  Unfortunately, for the CD, this was the best song.  I guess I thought from seeing her live that she was in a more &quot;universal&quot; mode - meaning, strength in herself, being herself (built from heritage, but transpiring it).  From one poet to another, I was really excited that she wrote her own songs.  That counts for a lot!  However, my excitement was followed by big disappointment in that there were no printed words.  What's up with sharing?
1567184855|5.0|This is perhaps the most important, most touching book I have ever read. I don't care about scientific proof; it rang true at such a deep level that I know it is fact.  I have the next book in this series (Destiny of Souls) ordered and on the way; I can hardly wait for more. Open your heart, let loose the human skepticism for a moment, and bask in the knowing.
0385721234|5.0|Definitivamente, esta obra por Laura Esquivel es facinante. La autora por medio de descripciones vivas nos presenta la realidad del mundo hispanoamericano. La sensualidad, sexualidad, pasion, creencias, opresiones que forman parte de la cultura a hispanoamericana se derrama por medio de las situaciones y personajes de la novela. El lenguaje aunque es simple no deja de ser preciso y crea un ambiente de magia en el cual nos sumergimos mientras leemos y se nos hace casi imposible no impregnarnos de la pasión que emiten los olores de la cocina de Tita, el personaje principal.
B000053V7Q|5.0|Not Having seen Elvis Live during his lifetime, I feel that the next best thing is seeing this DVD.<br />I remember very well the original release at the cinema and on Video Tape and it was good.<br />They did a superb job of restoring this DVD.<br />I mean with the superior technical aspects of DVD, If ever there is a perfect example of the difference between Video tape and DVD this is it.<br />Whether you are a fan or not you should enjoy this DVD.<br />I also like the &quot;Patch it up&quot; feature which briefly explained the job of restoration.  Amazing.<br />Watching the concert was most enjoyable particule as it is complete and uninterrupted.<br />A great addition to my DVD collection.
0316776963|3.0|&quot;Me Talk Pretty One Day&quot; is a very humorous book about the author's different encounters, from growing up, to well..thinking he's grown up. It's a journey through his brain, and you dont have to read it all at once, it's the kind of book you can skip chapters and still understand it. A couple of the chapters are a little boring, but most of them are very funny.
B00005BJPO|4.0|I ordered The Black Tin Box Edition the day I got my DVD player.  It wasn't due for release for another two months, but something about that movie said &quot;buy me&quot;.<br />When you're right, you're right...<br />Two discs -- the Movie (excellent), and the accompanying documentaries (excellent).<br />&quot;Akira&quot; is blow-out anime on a grand and epic scale.  It's all here, and it *isn't* like Disney.  Motorcycle chases, fist fights, carnage, and the destruction of Tokyo (twice).  Mitsuo Iwata gets it *all right*.  If this was Disney they'd have to stop for a song, but Akira doesn't even stop for gas.  Beautiful imagery, and astounding craftsmanship.<br />And this was before the world went digital.<br />As for the accompanying materials (Production Report etc.)  It's all here!  I never thought I would do this, but I found myself examining the STILL FRAMES and STORY BOARDS!  On my 20&quot; TV!<br />The power of DVD over VHS is a dramatic improvment in resolution, color fidelity, and sound.  And AKIRA reissued takes advantage of all these.<br />However,<br />One thing that makes me crazy about DVD -- the PUSH tab to release the disc from the case.  It's like unwrapping a shrink-wrapped CD, or VHS tape -- they're all different and they never work right.  Akira's PUSH tabs are particularly bothersome.<br />Can someone fix THAT?
B00005JY1B|5.0|this movie was awesome!  i loved it!  i was going through all of the previous review and all i have to say is, don't listen to the bad ones!  this movie is one of the greatest love stories ever, i hated the ending though-- totally hate it. . . yet, actually loved it b/c it's what sets it apart from most films......... (i won't say what it is b/c it'll give it away, but you'll prolly figure it out by reading the other reviews...... ah, well) if you are reading this review, stop right now!  do not let the other bad reviews cloud your judgement....... this is truly a sweet, touching, and caring film and something a hopeless romantic like myself shouldn't miss!  mild warning though: they actually let keanu sing-- let's just say, while it didn't sound bad, it won't win an award anytime soon, nonetheless however, it's a sweet moment, and you should watch the movie NOW!
B000002BFZ|5.0|Without a doubt Pearl Jam's greatest album to date. I have all their albums, have seen them in concert, and have heard all their songs/covers. This album is the most confortbale one yet. It represents a great balance on both &quot;hard&quot; and &quot;soft&quot; songs (which are some of the best performed live), and I guarantee you'll find yourself listening to every track straight through every time to pop it in! Need I mention the cover art is awesome, full of codes (hence &quot;No Code&quot;) that only a true PJ fan can decipher, and it comes with one of three polaroid insert set for your personal collection =)  BUY IT!!!
B00003CX5P|3.0|Dear Reader, I saw Star Wars ep. 1 the phantom menace in the theatres but not near opening weeks, i knew it would be crowded but i still had to sit in a crowded theatre like 2 months after it opened which was not suprising it was star wars. I came out of the theatre dissapointed for one reason, JAR, that is what his first name is. They should of some how gotten rid of him in the begining, but they kept him around and made the movie so freakin annoying.On a side note, this movie is supposed to be before the other star wars but somehow the technology is more advanced and it looks better in episode one, which was all George Lucas's fault, he should of that of that.<br />Star Wars Episode one the phantom menace stars Liam Neeson, Ewan McGregor, Natalie Portman, Jake Lloyd (who is the worst child actor in the history of acting) and Samuel L. Jackson (Bit part pretty much) Sam was promised to have a bigger role in episode one attack of the clones.<br />George Lucas promised not to make the mistakes he made in ep.1 in ep.2. But overall you have to buy this DVD or watch this movie because it is Star Wars and it will always be Star Wars, thanks for readin, kids seem to really like this movie so watch this with the kids.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Make sure you get the DVD, not the VHS. The extra documentary is neat!
B00003CXDZ|1.0|This is the first movie out of HUNDREDS I've seen in the theater that I actually walked out of.  I simply HATED this movie with a passion!  It's difficult to pinpoint exactly why I HATED it other than it was visually and mentally ANNOYING!!  I would not recommend this STINKER to my worse enemy!!
6305558167|4.0|Decent performances, drags in spots.
B0000025D0|5.0|I think this is his best work. The others are good, but this is my favorite.
B0000399WI|5.0|Super performances by Robbins and Freeman.
B00005KFUM|5.0|Every now and then you find a band that exceeds your expectations, Muse is such a band! &quot;Origin of Symmetry&quot; offers great melodic gutair and vocals yet still keeps it edgy and interesting. Out of the eleven tracks I like nine of them. This is a CD that gets a lot of play in our car and at home.
B00002MZ4W|4.0|On When The Pawn...., Fiona Apple's Sophomore effort, we find that her talent presented in her debut album was indeed not a fluke, even though cynical music industry people were expecting one. Displaying some more of her trademark Jazzy-vibrato voice and songs of relationships gone bad, we see a maturity in the content. Songs like &quot;Paper Bag&quot;, and &quot;Get Gone&quot; could be straight out of her personal Journal, and from what we know of this soul-bearing songwriter, they likely are. We get to know the fragility of this Emotional young woman, and she lets us see the inner thoughts of her brilliant mind. The standout track on this record has got to be the Beautiful closer, &quot;I Know&quot;. Apple once said of that track &quot;It's likely so far the only song I've ever written that ends on a Happy note&quot;.And I think its a great way to end an Album. So yes, there's Light at the end of the tunnel for All of us..and plenty of future ahead for Fiona Apple.
B00005O5N1|5.0|Bridget Jones' Diary has to be the best film that i've seen for ages.  Renee Zelweger gets the english accent just right and i can relate to a few factors in the film especially when it comes to being a singleton.  Even Hugh Grant (who i usually find really unattractive) Seemed to look quite yummy but not as much as Colin Firth! Overall i love this film completely and its one film that i will definately watch more than once!
B00005KFUM|5.0|This CD is completely over the top. As a matter of fact it is so far past it, the top is only a dot to Muse. They don't care about expectations, songwriting rules or the current taste in the music market. Every song is a winner and the lyrics are brilliant. You have to check these ones out: the 3 singles 'Plug In Baby', 'New Born' and 'Bliss', the rock opera 'Micro Cuts' and the cover 'Feeling Good'.
B00003CXRP|4.0|I loved Tom Hanks- he is a superior actor and met the challenges of this role- look at his physical changes alone- just for this movie.  Who else could carry that much time alone on the screen with nothing to talk to but a volleyball- put in for that very reason.  I enjoyed watching the interpretation of the challenges he would face on a deserted island and how he survived.  I was a little disappointed with how they brought him back- there was such a struggle to survive- only to be shoved in a hotel room with seafood on the table, loved that irony.  I did not like what happens with Hunt's char. Kelly and Hanks' char. upon his return.  I felt that if I had been in Kelly's position I would have fought harder to be with the man that she called 'the love of her life.'  I don't just want a 'feel good' ending but I am not sure that they made the right call with that relationship.  I know that if I had the oppurtunity to be with the love of my life after thinking he was dead I would have wanted nothing more than to be with him and everything else would have worked out around that.  But then again- she is a mom... So much for coming home- only to be alone again.  He had to face the challenge of re-entering society and after 4 years alone that is also difficult, I liked the scenes where they showed him readjusting to life with 'conviences.'  I still think that overall it is an excellent film- one which everyone should watch!  Makes you think about how much we have and how lucky we are to be alive- and how quickly that can all change and never be the same again!DON'T TAKE LIFE FOR GRANTED- NOT ONE SECOND!  DON'T TURN YOUR BACK ON TIME!
0385474547|5.0|I picked up this book while browsing for no particular genre of liesure-time reading, having no idea that it was well known, just because it looked interesting. As I began to read, Achebe led my imagination to observe the details of a small society with characters that could have lived almost anywhere on Earth in a simpler time. With no preconceived notion of the book, I was unable to determine whether the characters were African, Asian, or perhaps of a land conceived entirely in the author's mind. With this approach to reading, I found a rich story of a man who, while holding position in his community, is still very much an average man. Achebe endows him with the troubles and joys, strengths and weaknesses--all the human conditions that make the reader recognize him somewhere in their own social sphere. Woven into this man's story is that of his community, and Achebe takes great care to give the reader an understanding of the interactions between characters and the nuance of the culture so that the impact of change can be readily understood. This is a very clearly-written novel that spends most of its time setting the stage for the reader to appreciate the impact of change, particularly forced, abrupt change. While the message may be simple, its development is not. &quot;Things Fall Apart&quot; is a fine rendering of a human situation so prevalent and obvious as to be easily overlooked.
0451203933|5.0|If Black Hawk Down was not nonfiction, I wouldn't have believed it.  The heroic tale of a group of just over 100 U.S. Rangers, DELTA operators, and SEALs in the 15+ hour non-stop battle of their lives to survive against thousands of agressive,armed Somali militia should be near impossible for anyone to put down who has an interest in military history.  However, the main strength of the book is delivered by the author Mark Bowden himself.  As an investigative reporter, he takes pains not to play the role of a monday morning armchair quarterback, and as a result simply reports the facts surrounding the October 3-4, 1993 &quot;Battle of the Black Sea&quot; in Mogadishu.  Throughout the book, I began seeking the military commanders or politicians who should be &quot;blamed&quot; for this mission gone so bad.  Bowden doesn't provide the answers, but instead lets the reader come to his or her own conclusions.  His research of first hand source material, documentation of his sources, and reliance on only first hand interviews is first rate and qualifies this book as an excellent work of History, not merely a piece of investigative journalism.
B00000AFGM|4.0|This is definetely Manson's worst CD but it still has some good songs on it and it's pretty good.
6304698526|5.0|Steve McQueen is Lieutenant Frank Bullitt, a San Francisco police detective embroiled in an organized-crime case after professional hit men kill a star witness awaiting a Senate subcommittee hearing. Bullitt finds himself in a major investigation with few clues to pursue and his career on the line due to government pressure. Bullitt maintains his cool and commences to uncovering some surprising answers.  Very good story and more well remembered for its classic car chase sequence when Bullitt finds the hit men still lurking in San Francisco. The chase impressed audiences back then and will still stir viewers' adrenaline today. There are no special effects, the sequence was done with great stunt driving at speeds of up to 115 mph (according to the DVD's extra feature notes), with Steve McQueen doing a lot of his own driving for realism. Director Peter Yates' work is smart and McQueen under his direction is in fine form as a slick police officer who carries out his investigation without excessive machismo or silly rhetoric. The film has a nice style, enhanced with a '60's jazz music soundtrack. The DVD edition is very good with the film stock evidently well preserved, nicely transferred to digital, as well as the audio track. Some nice features are included, especially a short documentary about the movie production.
B0000542DJ|5.0|First off, I will state that this is a fabulous piece of film-making.  The direction is strong, the period recreation is amazing, the editing is mind-blowing, and the cast is phenomenal...particularly Gary Oldman as Lee Harvey Oswald.  His performance is right on key and he looks incredibly similar to Oswald...just as he looked like Sid Vicious in &quot;Sid and Nancy&quot; and Ludwig Van Beethoven in &quot;Immortal Beloved.&quot;  Oldman is a chameleon who can seemingly look like anyone.  He becomes the characters that he plays, and his turn as Oswald is no exception.  Now...on to the substance of the film.  This film is not 100% accurate, nor does it purport to be anything other than an educated guess as to what MAY have happened in Dallas on November 22, 1963.  It is, however, leaps and bounds ahead of the Warren Commission Report, which isn't even believable in the slightest.  I may not be convinced that this film's vision of the truth (based on books by Jim Garrison and Jim Marrs) is the whole truth and nothing but the truth, but I've done my own research and I find it to be far closer to a believable theory than that proposed by the Warren Commission, whose report was...let's face facts, America...pure fiction.  Anyone who believes that lone nut Lee Harvey Oswald killed JFK needs to take his or her blinders off and start living in the real world.  Still, one cannot say that Oswald (one of the most fascinating characters in American history) was not capable of amazing feats...like simultaneously being active in the Soviet Union and the United States...though that's easily explained when one takes the time to find a copy of the memo sent from J. Edgar Hoover himself to the Department of State on June 3, 1960, which reads in part &quot;Since there is the possibility that an imposter is using Oswald's birth certificate, any current information the Department of State may have concerning the subject will be appreciated.&quot;  There you have it...as far back as 1960, there were at least two Lee Harvey Oswalds running around.  Not to mention that the LHO who was treated for tonsillitis twice during his stint with the Marines was obviously not the LHO who had his tonsils removed at the age of six.  Nor was the LHO who had a 3-inch mastoidectomy scar behind his ear and a gunshot scar on his elbow the same LHO who was autopsied after being gunned down by Jack Ruby.  There were AT LEAST two Oswalds active at the time of JFK's assassination...and many eyewitnesses have stated that they saw the police escorting Lee Harvey Oswald out of the rear exit of the Texas Theatre at the very same time that the Lee Harvey Oswald who was charged with JFK's murder was being led out the front.  It is, therefore, possible that while Oswald's double (who is said to have resembled the real Oswald a great deal) may have been involved in the assassination and killed officer J.D. Tippitt, the real Oswald was taken into custody, while his double was led out the back of the very same theatre and set free.  At any rate, there is a wealth of information out there, waiting to be discovered.  My advice is to watch this brilliant film, but not to take it at face value.  While you're at it, read up on the assassination.  Start with &quot;Crossfire&quot; by Jim Marrs, and once you've made it through that lengthy volume, move onto other independent research.  Much can even be found on the internet, including Armstrong's detailed outlines of the existence and movements of the two Oswalds...up to and including the day of the assassination.  Gather all of the information and decide for yourself.  But don't swallow the answers that are being force-fed to you...because almost invariably, they're lies.
B000050XEI|1.0|I took a chance on this cd, not having a clue who or what 'enya' is. After reading the reviews and feeling I was missing out on something wonderful, I purchased this cd. In all fairness this type of music is so off base of my musical taste. I found it so foreign to my liking that I could not even listen to all the tracks. <br />The music seemed so repetitive and unsettling, nothing soothing about this music at all. I just believe this artist is highly overated. Nothing against her personally, I just flat out do not not like her music.
B00005MAM2|5.0|&quot;Akira&quot; has a special place in my teenage years, seeing as it was my introduction to adult Japanese animation. While re-watching the film on the new special edition DVD, I remember why I enjoyed it in the first place. While it's not a word-by-word translation of the comic from which it was based (if it was, we would be talking about &quot;Akira&quot; the trilogy, not &quot;Akira&quot; the movie), it's a solid piece of animation that holds up to today's computer generated epics. Seeing the detailed animation (particularly with the Tetsuo &quot;monster&quot;, still an image that's hard to shake out of my system) and realizing it's only been 13 or so years since it's been released is quite amazing, as how it was all done with traditional cel animation. The picture and sound on this transfer was incredible, and I found the &quot;capsule option&quot; for reading the Japanese text helpful (being as how I'm not fluent in Japanese to begin with). I'm still wading through the extra features on this special edition (particularly the production materials, which has an IMMENSE amount of stills and images from the movie and comic) and I've had this thing for some time now. Anyway, this should be a part of any hard core Anime lovers' collection, and is definitely one of the best animated features of our time.
6305320802|4.0|Clearly there will be a &quot;special edition&quot; of this classic at some point, highlighting the Todd-AO and Cinemascope versions.  Until that time, I'll hold off on buying this class film.  I was able to see the Todd-AO version in the theater back in the mid-80s and was amazed what a great film this is.
B000001OAA|5.0|To talk about the debut album by Garbage for me is like talking about making a startling discovery.  After hearing \\"Vow\\" many times before it's release (a personal favorite in my computer's MP3 jukebox), I remember picking up the album the day it arrived in my local record shop, not sure what I got my hands on.  Six years (!) later, it still has a nice, clean spot in my CD collection.  It's always a thrill to hear this album, especially seeing how the landscape of music has changed since it came out.  I still get chills when listening to \\"A Stroke Of Luck\\" (one song I really hoped to hear live when I saw them on tour some time back), and trip back with \\"Stupid Girl&quot;, Supervixen\\", \\"Only Happy When It Rains\\", and \\"Milk\\" (a great album closer).  This is definitely a great debut album if there ever was one, and was worth the full price I paid for it in the end.
B00000IN5G|5.0|I just recently heard of this band, and already they're one of my favorites. CoB are a great band, with more talent than most nu-metal bands can even dream. If you like melodic or death metal go buy this now. In fact, if you like metal at all, buy this now. Outstanding tracks are Warheart, Bed of Razors, and every other song on the CD.
B000009QPG|5.0|&quot;Seasons in the Abyss&quot; is by far Slayer's best album ever.  Many argue that &quot;Reign in Blood&quot; is their best, but it doesn't have the melody and great lyrics that this does.  &quot;War Ensemble&quot;, &quot;Dead Skin Mask&quot;, and the epic title track are the best songs on the albums and remain live favorites at Slayer shows.  Drummer Dave Lombardo really shines on just about every track and its a shame he left after this landmark album.  Highly recommended along with &quot;Reign in Blood&quot; and &quot;South of Heaven&quot; to every metal or thrash fan if you don't own them allready.
0452282152|5.0|This is a novel about fascination: fascination with colors, fascination with painting, but above all fascination with the painter.<br />Griet is a young girl in Delft in the middle of the 17th century. Because her father has gone blind due to a working accident, she has to start working as a maid. She is hired by the family of Johannes Vermeer, the famous Dutch painter. From the beginning she is fascinated by the paintings, the process of the painting, but above all by Vermeer himself. Her life at the Vermeer family is not exactly easy: Vermeers wife hates her, as does one of his daughters and the senior maid sees her as a threat. Moreover, Vermeers patron, the wealthy merchant Van Ruijven has taken a more-than-modest interest in her.<br />Even though Griet is at times a little unrealistically virtuous and her obsession with Vermeer is irritating at times, the descriptions of a lonely, intelligent girl trying to find a place in the world and of everyday life in 17th century Holland make this book definitely worth reading.
006092988X|5.0|The world seen through the eyes of a child in Brooklyn.  Many people have seen the movie which was excellent.  The book however takes you from the courtship of the Francie's parents until Francie is a grown woman making her way in the world.  The book is a piece of literature that will be read long past our life time.  Read it and then read it again.  It is nothing less than a masterpiece.
0517122707|5.0|It all begins with a car accident, which forces our main character, Ignatius Reilly, to get a job, thus, his adventures begin.  He is an obese and arrogant slob who is ready to criticize everyone and everything that he sees in the modern world.  What he sees, he loathes, and he documents all of his observations or rants in his Big Chief Notebooks.  He takes on a series of jobs where he wreaks havoc and irritates everyone he comes in contact with, especially his Mother.  The only person who seems to share in his world view is his equally crazy girlfriend Myrna Minkoff who lives in New York and whom he keeps a running correspondence with.  This book is hilarous and but it is also rather sad, because nobody really understands Ignatius except for Myrna, and I absolutely loved the ending, it was perfect.  This is an incredible book that I highly recommend to anyone who is looking for the Great American Novel...because THIS IS IT!
B00004U2HK|4.0|Always the classic movie: elegant story; charming kids; onset of World War II.  It's a family favorite, with the bonus footage of the Austrian Alps and lush greenery that add so much to this movie.  This version is shown with clarity enhancing this international favorite.
B000001Y2U|4.0|actually i would give this 4 and a half stars-if i could. i thought this was a really good if not great album. i love all the songs on it except for cry.....song six. i have to tell you though, if you ask me i still like portrait the best!!! it rules!!antichrist is good though. stand out tracks include: of course beautiful people, dried up tied up and dead to the world, tourniquet, angel with the scabbed wings, superstar, antichrist superstar, 1996, reflecting god, minute of decay and the great album ender man that you fear. i pretty much listed the whole album but its a great buy. if you are just now getting in to manson, i recomend you start with this album then holywood, then with the album right after this one i forget what its called. its the only manson album i dont have. what i heard of its good though. smell like children's alright but its mainly remixes. lastly go with portrait. its my fav but manson got popular with this album and if your looking for the kind of sound thats on antichrist then dont get portrait. its a bit different but is defeniatly my favorite!!!!!
B000021Y77|5.0|this movie is like art. well-planned scenes and very sofisticated camera shots makes it a very beautiful movie. this is one of those must-have's that should belong among those classic movies that never fade with time.
0060977493|5.0|this book really moved me, just put me in a very raw, real place, something so very missing in our plastic, frantic world, thx arundhati.
B000056K04|4.0|didn't like it much at first as a die hard dave matthews fan, thought it was too &quot;pop music&quot; .. but it grew on me and now i love it, would recommend to everyone. old and young.
B000001E8S|5.0|This album is amazing! I remember working in a record store when this was released &amp; I told myself before even listening to it that I would buy it. U2 is one of my all time favorite groups so I had to try it. It was much more than I expected. The whole album is really great &amp; I find myself playing about 8 particular songs over &amp; over. This is a different side of U2 &amp; one should not expect anything similar to previous U2 releases. The most notable characteristics of U2's music that stands out are the guitars &amp; Bono's vocals, but cut that down a little bit and add in more of Brian Eno's influence along with others - that is the sound of Passengers. One can really see Eno's influence of his ambient style throughout these songs. Other members of this group include Howie B &amp; Luciano Pavarotti (tenor voice on &quot;Miss Sarajevo&quot;).<br />This is some real mood music. Listening to this Cd is comparable to sitting on the top of a penthouse 4 AM overlooking some foreign exotic city waiting for the sunrise. It really puts you out there! I would definately recommend this to any fan of U2 whom has ventured to listen to other types of music outside of U2 releases or Rock music.
0425166805|1.0|I won't mince words here: this book represents a flight of fancy on the part of the author.  If you have some background in the social sciences (in particular, archaeology), then you might read this book for laughs.  But if you are seriously interested in ancient civilizations, where they came from, and what happened to them, I HIGHLY recommend you begin with a serious book, such as one written by Brian Fagan.  Von Daniken's book is pseudo-science - it is tantalizing, inspiring, even bewitching, but so is a fantasy novel.  The only difference is that good fantasy writers don't claim that their work is nonfiction.  Von Daniken has made a lot of money cooking up this nonsense - don't send him any more.  Borrow it from your public library.  And most important of all: READ CRITICALLY!
B00004SYWZ|3.0|I knew that ratings will be great for this album but just because i know the taste of people pretty enough. This album have some good moments, good pop sound, but the whole album is too lifeless and monotonous. Not bad, but three stars is more than enough for this album...actually I would give it 2 and 1/2. If you like &quot;Summer moved on&quot; very much, you will probably like the whole album then.
B00000251N|5.0|i can give this album  no more praise than the fact that as technology grew, l.p. record-cassette- cd i have purchased this album 3 times(once in each format and i enjoy it more and more as time(and music styles)go by it is so good that time does not diminish the GREAT composition- score or neil's voice, this is a great album to start your children or grandchildren in             semi-     classical     music appreciation with!!!!!!! I WOULD LOVE TO SEE THIS PREFORMEND LIVE ON TV(not the movie it came from)
B000002O5L|5.0|He won't back down, my friends. In my estimation, this is Petty's best album. In world that keeps on pushing him around, he will stand his ground. Beautiful harmonies, songs with an edge, directness and passion--it's all here. This is confident Petty who is determined to have fun with this album. There is not a single weak song here. I particularly enjoyed &quot;Free Falling,&quot; &quot;I Won't Back Down,&quot; &quot;A Face in the Crowd,&quot; and &quot;Yer So Bad.&quot; If you are new to Tom Petty this is probably the album to start with.
B00005M4JS|5.0|I loved this movie. Vianne played by Juliette Binoche is an individual of quiet strength.  Having acquired a special gift as a chocolatier from her mother or the north wind, which ever pleases you most, she moves from place to place bringing sweet remedies to those who are ailing in heart and spirit, and just plain uptight.  Even those who oppose her (the pious, no nonense leaders of the community) learn of the power and magic of chocolat.  This is a sugar vs. starch movie and guess who the winner is?
B00001U0DP|3.0|This is the only Roberto Benigni picture I did not enjoy. Some subjects are just not funny. To me, Holocaust is one of these subjects. Slapstick and clowning around do not belong here. I am sorry to be so categorical, because I like Benigni's work very much, and generally, his movies are both art and entertainment of the highest class. I think I know what he was trying to do here, and he achieved it. But emotionally I cannot accept this product. This movie has a very different feel than the much lighter \\"Johnny Stecchino\\" and \\"The Monster\\" (two of his other big hits in America). That is to say, the movie does not leave you feeling that you have just seen a wild, light comedy, but instead, leaves you feeling that you have had a trying experience and know what it's like to confront real evil. This was almost certainly intentional and the only appropriate way to go, but then we are back to the argument that the comedic elements just do not \\"belong.\\" .... But here you have a death camp and genocidal Germans--a \\"truly different race\\" as one character calls them in admiration. By the way, it is typical of Benigni's approach to drop this kind of \\"hints\\" to make his statements--he almost never generalizes in a direct fashion. The mere presence of his puzzle-obssessed German doctor, who is entirely incapable of empathy, says more about the single-minded, cold-blooded determination of the Nazis than entire volumes of verbal propaganda ever could.<br />The acting in \\"Life is Beautiful\\" is of the highest quality. Benigni again engages his real-life wife Nicoletta Braschi as his co-star and on screen love interest who eventually marries him. Braschi's character, Dora, who is not Jewish, nevertheless follows her husband and son to the camp, when the invading Germans spread their genocidal policy to Italy. This is where the second part of the movie takes place. If you know a lot about WW II and the Holocaust, then the movie is hard to watch and it's hard to accept that its humor fits. But if you are new to the subject or feel rather emotionally distant from it, perhaps you can enjoy the movie as a moving inspirational story. Perhaps.
B00003CXN4|4.0|Not too many films can stimulate the brain like this movie.  Not too many films can get you involved like this movie.  Not too many films can be provocative like this movie.<br />&quot;Traffic&quot; is a dramatic epic about the ongoing war with drugs.  From the United States to Mexico, this film shows you the ugly presence of drugs, and how they affect the world.  This film does not have one story; it has many.  Like the very popular &quot;Pulp Fiction&quot;, this film bounces back and forth to one area to another, except its all in order.  The advantage of this is that there are many characters for you to grow to love and hate; it also shows us the different stories and tragedies of how drugs can ruin and destroy lives.  This movie does not revolve around one story or one character; it revolves around a dozen of them.  The stories and characters keep you intrigued and connected with this powerhouse drama which is very unpredictable from the very beginning.<br />This movie is filmed very similar to an Oliver Stone movie; different types of film, camera angles, and switching to different moments within the blink of an eye.  This movie wasnt made to show how good conquers evil, and that alls well, ends well.  Many things are uncertain when you finish the movies, and there are no easy answers and no guarantee that everything is well in the end.  The point of this movie is to be realistic, and make us alert and understanding about the situation at hand.  This movie shows you that the situation is there, and most likely will never vanish.<br />I enjoyed this movie very much, although there are times where I wish the movie was a little shorter.  Some may decline to see the film due to it being long, but give it a chance.  It is a really good film, and it is filled with brilliant acting, characters, and great writing.  I highly recommend this film.
0425170349|5.0|I read alot of these other people's and some i agree with and others i don't.  I too regognized the mistake with the summers but i thought to myself he's only human and we make mistakes.  It started off great and kept it up never really lettin it settle down, only in a few parts, but when it was time for a mission it got really intense.  Not my favourite Clancy book (that would be Red Storm Rising) but up there.  A good read.
B00003CXSP|5.0|Silence of the Lambs was no match to this picture.I realy enjoyed every minute of this picture.No parts were even boring.I thought it might be boring when I 1st heard it was coming.Can't wait to see if another comes out. Usually sequals are not worth the effortto see.Not this time. Outstanding
B00003CX5A|5.0|U can tell this is a tim burton movie, its all dark, and gloomy but it really fits this movie well.  Johnny Depp play Icahbod Crane who is sent from New York to Sleepy Hollow to investigate some murders.  These murders were made by a headless horseman but some one in the town of sleepy hollow is controlling him.  Icahbod must find out who it is before more people die.  A great movie but bloody.
B00004SYWZ|1.0|I can not understand any of the other reviews.  I have listened to a-ha since &quot;Take On Me&quot; and while their last two albums have been dismal, they each had a gem or two like &quot;Waiting For Her&quot; or &quot;Dark is the Night for All.&quot;  Expecting at least one or two standout tracks, I paid for the import of Minor Earth.  It is so bad, I had to warn others!  This CD is just bland, unmoving, boring despite its excellent production values.  I have forced myself to listen to it several times waiting for it to grow on me, and it doesn't!  A real dissapointment to a long time fan.
B00003CX5A|5.0|U can tell this is a tim burton movie, its all dark, and gloomy but it really fits this movie well.  Johnny Depp play Icahbod Crane who is sent from New York to Sleepy Hollow to investigate some murders.  These murders were made by a headless horseman but some one in the town of sleepy hollow is controllin him.  Icahbod must find out who it is before more people die.  Agreat movie but bloody.
B00005LMBK|5.0|I haven't bought a new cd in quite awhile but after listening to a few clips on cnn's website (of all places) I was totally hooked.  The various and generous mixes of styles on this album is what makes it such a satisfying purchase.  Oh yeah the last song &quot;Left Hand Suzuki Method,&quot;  I don't know about other people but I cracked up laughing when I heard this song.  The Suzuki method is a very popular way of teaching young children to play music like violins and violas through repetitive listening as oppose to learning to read the music immediately (hense the violin samples and commentary).  My little brother was a Suzuki method student and I've heard countless hours of him practicing.  I can honestly say that I've never heard Mary had a little lamb sampled in such a fashion!  The last song and the following extra track was an excellent one to close out a fantastic album.
B0000026J6|5.0|I heard all of the songs on this album when I stopped to listen to a rerun of Austin City Limits on PBS. I just happened across it when I was flipping through the channels last night but was immediately just blown away by the music, the lyrics, the arrangements, the musicians and singers and by Leonard Cohen himself. I just loved it. After the broadcast I looked up LC on the Internet and was amazed by the lyrics of the many songs he has written and by the breadth of his career. Today I have ordered this album and two others. I've probably been around as long as Mr Cohen but I'm now his newest and biggest fan.
B00004UEIF|5.0|bill evans' concert at the village vanguard on sunday, june 25, 1961, was a watershed event for jazz. mr. evans was a perfectionist who hated to record because he never felt he got it right. however, this trio with scott lafaro on bass was one of his favorite ensembles, and orrin keepnews, the noted producer, knew sunday would afford a relaxed atmosphere in which to capture this trio at the height of their powers. one listen and you will see he was exactly right. the interplay is telepathic. mr. lafaro was the perfect foil to mr. evans, encouraging him in his depthful explorations of these songs. the solos simply unfold revealing more and more quiet beauty. mr. evans is playing with almost pure emotion, each note carrying a pound of soul. it is at once ethereal, but also captivating. mr. lafaro adds a style of bass that is far removed from simple timekeeping. he uses it as a lead instrument, further revealing the depth of each song. there are no favorite tracks because each song simply opens into the next. get this CD and you will see immediately while miles davis had to have mr. evans for the KIND OF BLUE sessions. tragically, this would be mr. lafaro's final session as he died in an automobile accident ending abruptly the tenure of one of jazz's greatest piano trios. one side note-- this album has to be had in tandem with the other record of this session, &quot;sunday afternoon at the village vanguard.&quot;
B00000DFSK|2.0|How can we have a cohesive overview when a whole LP (October) is practically ignored?? (The title song reduced to a 'hidden' track). I'm thinking that &quot;Gloria&quot;, the non LP &quot;Celebration&quot;, and other worthy contenders were left off so we have to buy the inevitable box set. Shame on U, U2.
B000002H33|4.0|Many bands have lots of hit albums but nothing compares to metallica's master of puppets. Iron Maiden are also pretty close to being better! I respect theses other bands and someday the bands of today will be on vh1's behind the music! This was considered one of metallica's best albums. Kill em All, Ride the Lightning, ...and Justice for All are right behind Master of Puppets. But the ever so popular competitor, metallica's black album!
6302517036|5.0|\\"Fright Night\\" is a seamless comedy/horror movie that is entertaining, even if you turn it on after the first half hour. A kid realizes his new womanizer neighbor (Chris Sarandon) and his brother are vampires. He tries to get his friend, girlfriend (Amanda Bearse) and an old horror actor (Roddy McDowall) to kill them, resulting in funny and scary results.<br />The movie seems PG-13 rated at first, but the gore and extreme violence gives its R rating, not for wee children to see. The movie is HIGHLY entertaining, erotic, scary and pretty ... funny. A movie that is DEFINITELY worth spending two hours to watch. <br />Rated R for nudity, profanity, and gore.
B00005J6UP|5.0|THE GOONIES is a excellent comedy/adventure movie. This is also a great DVD, this dvd includes the orignal 1985 \\"making of\\" featurette, Cyndi Lauper's \\"Goonies R Good Enough II\\" music video, deleted scenes, trailer and audio/video commmentary with Richard Donner and THE GOONIES. This movie is funny and cool, Chunk and Mouth are the funniest characters. This movie is also a family movie. this is one of my favorite movies. I recommend this movie to anyone who like comedy/adventure movie and 80's movies!
0380018179|5.0|When my mother first read this novel, she loved the name of the main character (Meggie or Megan) so much that she named me Megan. So that became the first reason why I ever picked up this hefty novel.<br />This story ranks up there with my other favorite all-time novels, which include &quot;Rebecca&quot; and &quot;Gone with the Wind&quot;. The story is set in Australia around the time of WWII and tells the tangled romance of Meggie Cleary and Father Ralph. The unforgettable  characters are amazing and seem to become life-like. If you get the chance, watch the miniseries, which stars Richard Chamberlain as Father Ralph, Rachel Ward as Meggie and her real-life husband as Luke O'Neill. Very good!
0451196716|3.0|Steven King's books always leave me feeling mixed. His stories are always exellent in the long run, but he leaves me always feeling that the same story could have gotten accomplished in a two to three hour period rather than a full day's reading. I always feel that not much was accomplished besides from going from point A to point B. But when I run the events of the book over in my head a lot does happen but it doesn't seem to be enough. <br />The Long Walk though by no means is a bad story. It is a great story and very powerful. It rips your emotions up showing no mercy. The deadly walk/race that is only won when the other 99 participants are dead. You get to know these charaters and feel for them and watch them die just because they couldn't keep pace. If any of them lag behind, or doing anthing else that gets them under 4 mph. They get a warning, if they get up to four warnings they are shot dead. If they manage to keep pace for one hour one warning will be taken off. They do not stop for sleep or stop for any other reason. Got diahrea? BANG! Got a cramp? BANG! they don't care as long as you just go above 4 mph. Or Else....    The Winner? He gets all that he desires but at the end of such a race does he want it?<br />This book undoubtedly can be looked at in many different lights. A mediphor of life, possiably the final result of going to the next level in Reality T.V., or a abstract inside look of the long walk the Nazis made the survivers of the concentration camps suffer through. You tell me which view is the correct one 'cause I don't know.
0425098532|5.0|I heard it said that Agatha Christie enjoyed writing to entertain her readers. This book proves this statement to be true. This book brings you in to the world of whodunit and you can't put it down untill you find the answer. A must read for everyone weather or not you are an Agatha Christie fan.  Try it, you'll like.
B00003CXDG|3.0|Mission Impossible 2 has Tom Cruise playing Ethan Hunt, an IMF agent. He is sent on a mission to stop another IMF agent, Sean Ambrose (Dougray Scott), who has sold out and stolen a deadly genetically-engineered virus. Having both the virus and the cure, Ambrose's plan is to release the virus and him having the only antidote, will be filthy rich. Using the help of Nyah Nordof-Hall (Thandie Newton), Ambrose's ex-girlfriend, Ethan Hunt go after Ambrose.<br />First, the problems with this movie: 1) The director John Woo may have made this movie exploding with action, but why did he have to have so many slow motion scenes? Also, sometimes you see the same scene repeated over and over. Whenever it does that, I always blink my eyes a couple of times to make sure I'm not seeing double! 2) The plot is so very, very simple, you can already guess the ending. 3) I don't know how Tom Cruise as Ethan Hunt could have fallen for Nyah Nordof-Hall (Thandie Newton)? The romance wasn't that hot. Like when they first meet, their eyes are locked for what seems like eternity (or was it that long?)... Cruise's and Newton's face don't change at all! 4) As some other people have stated, some of the things Tom Cruise were just next to impossible that it seemed silly! (Later I'll explain how sometimes this isn't so bad.) Like when Tom Cruise and Dougray Scott crash into each other, jumping off their motorcycles. 5) The showdown at the end with Tom Cruise and Dougray Scott was too, too, long. Every time you feel like it was going to finish, one or the other gets out a gun or a knife. <br />All right, finally, to the good parts. 1) Like I said before, some of the stunts and action were just too impossible. But this movie is mission impossible so some parts I didn't mind like when the knife comes very, VERY close to Hunt's eye. That scared the life out of me! 2) The action was really awesome! Like when Hunt is trapped in the laboratory and when he climbs the cliffs in the beginning. <br />As forthe special features, there's so many things you can look at. There's one feature I particularily like, the &quot;Impossible Shots&quot; with interviews with Tom Cruise, John Woo and Stunt Coordinator Brian Smrz. There is one hitch though, I can't tell if John Woo is speaking English or not! He has the worst accent you've ever heard and he keeps repeating the same words! Whenever I see these &quot;Impossible Shots&quot;, I always skip the part with John Woo. Believe me, you're not missing much.<br />So, here's my conclusion for this movie. It's not that great, not that bad. This is the type of entertainment which you don't have to think so much to watch it, just be dazzled by the effects. If you want to watch a movie with lots of spectacular scenes and a good plot, watch &quot;Matrix&quot;.
B00001QEE8|5.0|When it comes to DVDs, I would probably be the first in line to complain about releases that have mediocre supplements. But I felt like I had to make an exception when it came to Disney. All of their &quot;Limited Issues&quot; seem to have little or no extras at all, but the actual animated classic that the disc holds, for me anyway, more then makes up for it.<br />&quot;The Jungle Book&quot; is one of the first Disney Movies that I watched as a kid. I bought the DVD, and I saw the movie today for the first time in around 12 years. The entertainment value is suprisingly still there, and more over, as a grown up movie fan, I can appreciate the film more as a classic in animated films from Disney &amp; not just a 'cartoon' to pass the time, like I considered it to be as an adolecent.<br />The picture and sound is satisfying for the film's age and genre; the Spanish Dubbing is an excellent addition, for some of my family anyway. But it pales in comparison to the English vocals; The animation is terrific, too bad it wasn't created in a widescreen aspect ratio, it would have been a great visual to have looked at (The film is presented in it's original theatrical aspect ratio, 1.33:1).<br />Now that the announcment of Disney's 10 &quot;Platinum Editions&quot; have been made (The first of the 10 being &quot;Snow White &amp; The Seven Dwarfs&quot;, but &quot;Jungle Book&quot; will be one of the other 9), this &quot;Jungle Book - Limited Issue&quot; is a fine way to have the film until the full-fleged &quot;Jungle Book - Platinum Edition&quot; is released sometime in the next decade. Thanks to this DVD, I am now looking foward to add more of Disney's hard-core classics to my DVD collection.
B00005B36H|4.0|I got this album a couple months ago when it first came out. I was expecting an amazing marvel of music that I can call a masterpiece. What I got was a good cd, but not as good as it was promising to be. I have listened to it time and time again for months now, and my complaint is that it goes on and on with no direction forever, it is like the band is just jamming and they have the record button on. Hardly any vocals in the last 4 songs, let alone in any of the songs, and the same meandering guitar and bass riff going on and on and on and on. I fear Tool has gotten too high on themselves, thinking that they are the greatest band since the beggining of time. They need to change the guitars and bass a bit, the same thing plays over and over. Yet everything beyond that is good. Not great, but good. An album to buy, despite the repetition of guitar and the sound of a lone drumstick bounce up and down on a snare drum for what seems like an endless amout of time.
B00003CXRP|5.0|I was skeptical watching the beginning of the film as knowing this film was about a man that wander to a island due to an aircrash,I was wandering you called this a movie?for two hours what tom hank going to do?As the movie progress to the middle.My mind was completely captivated.What an amazing film it was.A good break from the usual and typical hollywood films of gunfire,rubbish plot,story that go nowhere...after these years I had watched hundreds of movies.this is one of the best i had seen.the sight of wilson the volleyball float away from hank had made me cried.the four years &quot;friend&quot; for hank just float away quietly toward the great ocean.and the moving music score had touch my heart twice.the moment hank had finally made it to the ocean abandoning the island behind him for fours years and the other part when wilson the ball was lost to the sea.A movie that really caught my heart and provoke my deepest thought of a man that had lost all civilazation suddenly.A great movie not to be missed.
B000002GBB|5.0|This is the best album ever made period!!!!!!!!!! BAR NONE!!!! No album has ever touched this nore will  one ever touch it. This is the greatest band in the world doing their best work. Every song is written and performed to perfection. Do yourself a favor and buy this album,than go see them live as soon as they are near you because they're even more incredible live. Imposible? TRUST ME!!!!
0061020680|5.0|Needing a break from the daily grind, DEATH takes on an apprentice to help him with the field work.  He hires the awkward boy Mort (great name!) at a village job fair, and begins teaching him the trade.  Mort seems to have found his calling, and as he grows into the job, DEATH leaves him with more responsibility.  Until one day Mort breaks the rules, setting chaos in motion, which he must now scramble to set right.<br />I really liked Mort (the character, that is.)  I liked the way he grew from a gangly kid into an imposing figure (&quot;more solid&quot; than everything around him.)  And, of course, DEATH a major character in this book.  (We get to see his warm and fuzzy side).  We also meet the Four Horsemen again, whose dialogue is hilarious (especially the way it is presented), as well as a new inept young wizard (not Rincewind), and DEATH's buxom daughter.<br />&quot;Mort&quot; is my favorite Discworld book so far (although I still have a long way to go!)  I'm reading them in order, but *you don't need to have read the others to get this one*.  It stands on its own just fine.
0375704027|5.0|Upon picking up Murakami's Norwegian Wood, I wasn't sure if I would be crazy about it--I've read most of his other works and enjoyed them greatly.  I knew that Norwegian Wood deviated from his typical formula, and even included a non-divorced, 20 year-old narrator instead of the typical 37 year-old, single man.  So I wasn't sure what to expect.<br />I was astounded by this book.  Murakami does a superb job of capturing emotions and putting them into words.  The character he introduces are beyond fleshed out, to the point where you feel as if you know them.  The entire storyline is gripping, and will you leave you wishing the book wasn't only 300 pages.<br />It's difficult to describe the beauty of this book without desiring to quote passages, or even ask the reader to finish the entire book before discussing it's strengths.  I highly suggest this book to anyone who has ever loved and felt powerful emotion.  You will find a buoy in the ocean of feeling and be amazed at how absorbed you will become in Murakami's story.<br />Rating:  10/10
6302994063|4.0|Great retelling of the old, old Romeo and Juliet story.  Australian films and actors just have a real charm about them.  There is a lot of magic in this story, in the filming, and in the actors.  Enjoy this!
B00004Y7SF|5.0|It's a pop tradition that when your album is really huge and everyone is screaming your name that it's time to capitalize on your popularity and go out there and make a Christmas album. Mariah Carey did it. *NSYNC did it. 98 degrees did it. And now so has Christina Aguilera. Yes, the Pop princess with the glorious pipes has decided to fill us with a little yule tide cheer and pop in on us for the holidays. The question is, should we open our doors and allow her in to spread her cheer, or turn off all the lights and hide behind our furniture praying she moves on to the next household? Christina is certainly no loser when it comes to her music. She's after all, our Best New Artist and our best hope from the year 2000's spew of new artists to keep the good stuff coming, and she comes through on this Christmas album. She even contributes to the creation of 2 of the 4 original Christmas songs on her CD. And Christina sounds absolutely amazing. Her voice has matured big time since her debut CD in 1999 and she takes old holiday classics like &quot; Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas&quot; and &quot; This Christmas&quot; and turns them into new classics by filling the records with very well done oversinging. The oversinging that divas like Whitney Houston tend to do work very well for Aguilera on this Christmas album as she finds new ways to express the holiday spirit. The CD is a beautiful lp with not one flaw on it and is perhaps Aguilera's best work to date. Even if Aguilera's original reasoning for creating this CD is possibly to capitalize on her immense popularity, atleast she took time to make this CD and do it right so her fans could get their money's worth. And My Kind of Christmas IS worth every penny and is timeless. So turn those lights back on and open the door and let Aguilera in, it's kinda cold out there! She's got a wonderful gift for you, and I promise you won't be disappointed.
0790725657|5.0|Oh, wow.  This movie is just so magical.  Everything about it is absolutely captivating.  I love the the time it's set in, because this allows for a lot of beautiful, old-fashioned backgrounds that accent the perfectly poignant acting!  The little girl is so adorable, and there are some scenes in this movie that seem to belong in a painting, they are so visually-appealing and colorful.  This movie is one of those movies you can watch and totally immerse yourself in and forget you're watching a movie, actually believing you're IN it.  I wish I could give it more than five stars, because it truly deserves it.  It really gives you that deep-down, warm feeling that only the best movies can make you feel.  It's rare to find such a deeply-moving movie that can be enjoyed by anyone!
0380715430|4.0|While this book was highly informative and an interesting read, it took me a while to get through it (I had to read half of it, put it down while I read Bag of Bones, and read the other half after that). Bryson is very funny, and writes at a very high level (if you like Dennis Miller, you'll love Bryson). I learned a lot about how English ended up the way it is, and even learned about some geography and history of the world along the way. All in all, a good read.
B00003CXTG|3.0|I saw this highly anticipated movie the day it was released then again a week after.I wanted to be sure I saw the facts unfold as I remembered. A \\"Private Ryan\\" this isn&#8217;t. First of all,in my opinion there was way to much of a love story.The special effects were GREAT! Especially that Big bomb where the camera followed the Bomb right down the stack of the \\"Arizona\\"(may they all rest in peace)I thik the movie could have been more action or build up to the action rather tan 1/3 of the movie being a love story. The other thing I thought was strange,was what looked like the immediate flight & atack of the \\"Doolittle Raiders\\" This did not take place until \\"133\\" days after the attack of Pearl Harbor.All in all; I thought the movie was good but not great.If Tora,Tora,Tora was made with todays technology,(please excuse the punn)it would have blown \\"Pearl Harbor\\" out of the water.I am a WW11 movie fan.I have just about every movie or documntory of Pearl Harbor or movies around that space in time. For some reason, the movie makers who made most of the WW11 movies made us(being the powers to be & subordinates) make us seem like bumbling ... when it came to planning & anticipating our enemies moves & our own.I know we had our share of military blunders but the movie makers at that time made it look worse than it was. I&#8217;m a Vietnam era \\"Vet\\" & at least I am glad to see how america embraced our WW11 vets vs. the disgusting way we were treated after we came home!Bottom line: see \\"pearl Harbor,it&#8217;s great entertainment...
B000050XEI|4.0|Even though Watermark is my favorite Enya CD, this one is really really good.  Enya breaks into not much new territory musically with this album, but I guess that is ok because she has staked her signature sound, and there aren't others out there who can really match it.  So in a sense, she's the same but she's different because her music is in a class of it's own.  However, the sound quality on this album is much better than on previous ones because technology has brought her more sythesized &quot;stuff&quot; to put into her music.  I would definitly buy the album if you are a hardcore Enya fan, or if you've heard any of her other stuff and enjoyed it, because it is good just like the others.  However, if you are just getting into Enya and you aren't familiar with her stuff, and you want the best CD she has made, I'd buy Watermark instead.
0780627032|5.0|this is the second greatest horror series of all time (the first being Halloween). heres the rundown<br />#1: Amazing. 5 stars. so original and entertaining. Freddy at his scariest.<br />#2:I like this one. A lot of people hate it because it has nothing to do with the series and its so different from the rest, but I'd say this is my favorite one. 5 stars.<br />#3:Another great one. In this one, I think Freddy is the best, hes funny and scary, but not just rattling off oneliners like in 5. 4 stars.<br />#4:Not bad. This is the one where Freddy goes funny instead of scary. Still, if you like gore, you'll like this one. 3 1/2 stars.<br />#5:This is the worst one.  Its not that bad, but its not that good either. An odd plot and a weird religious theme. 2 stars.<br />#6:I like this one a lot. It has nothing to do w/ the 1,3,4,5 story line. I thought the thing w/ the main character and Freddy was corny. But good action. 5 stars.<br />#7:Weird. This is just strange. A good idea, but too long. 3 stars.
0802713319|4.0|This is not a math book, but a book which tells a story about math and mathematicians. It is thought provoking and entertaining. It is written in a clear and concise manner and is not hard to follow. Many of the ideas presented in this book were new to me, since I~{!/~}m not a mathematician, but they made me want to learn more about math. <br />There were some cases where the author didn~{!/~}t explain everything thoroughly. For example, in the 8th appendix about the game theory riddle. It made me feel like I~{!/~}m missing something, probably due to lack of background. But in general, I really enjoyed reading this book, and it made me want to know more, which was probably one of the author~{!/~}s main goals in writing this book.
B000000WJZ|5.0|I LOVE this album. I got it in April 1996 - late bloomer I know. But this album just blew me away, the gently lullaby of &quot;Luna&quot; and &quot;Soma&quot; turn into rockers like &quot;Geek USA&quot; and &quot;Today&quot;, &quot;Disarm&quot; sits comfortably next to &quot;rocket&quot; which in and of itself just ROCKS. Amazing lyrics. Amazing music. From a timeless band..
B00003CXTG|5.0|This is the best movie that's ever been made in movie history! It has everything: action, romance, fiction, non-fiction, EVERYTHING! It's such a good movie! I can't wait to own it on video! It's definitely a five star movie!
B000000WA4|5.0|This was the first release I ever purchased by the Smashing Pumpkins. December 1995. I wasn't into the band but I knew of the album because of &quot;1979&quot;. I got it. Took it home. Listened to BOTH CDs. Read along the lyrics. And I totally connected with it... just amazing..
B00005K3OT|5.0|If you're looking for relief from the typical Hollywood popcorn movie this is the film for you. Sad to say, but not many films concentrate on simple human emotions and characteristics.  &quot;Chocolat&quot; centers on a small French village and one travelling chocolate maker's (Juliette Binoche) quest to enliven the community and help the villagers abandon their conservative mores so they can appreciate the joys of life that are often ignored.  The movie is from the same crew that made &quot;Cider House Rules&quot; and as you've seen has been given universal critical acclaim.  The cast itself is full of superb actors and actresses, a real treat for anyone that appreciates quality acting.<br />The DVD is not a disappointment and offers featurettes that take advantage of the movie's highlights.  For instance, there are two featurettes included with one covering the production design of &quot;Chocolat&quot; and the other detailing the costume design.  The DVD also contains a better than average documentary about the overall process of making the movie and a brief history of chocolate.  Along with a director's commentary, the DVD also has a menu for some of the many deleted scenes.  Also included are the usual DVD features: audio/subtitle setup and scene selection.  Another additional perk of the DVD extras are the film trailers included.  Most DVDs only contain trailers for the respective studio's big project films that are coming soon and/or the most notable films by the movie's director and stars.  &quot;Chocolat&quot; has a variety of lesser known but excellent films in its film trailer menu.<br />A charming film that mixes fantasy with a dash of reality.  It's funny because after watching this movie and then viewing the main documentary after it, I was immediately prompted to visit my local grocery store and pick up a few chocolate items. :)
B000000H57|5.0|This album has to be one of the greatest albums ever made.  Forget the whacked out views of simple album sales.  I go by how a band sounds and how they make me react internally.  Type O Negative is an extremely talented band, and October Rust is a great litmus test for those who have never heard them before.  The sound is rich, thick, and powerful.  It is thunderous in volume and yet at some times it is slow and serene.  The songs themselves have no weaknesses.  My fave song has to be &quot;Bad Ground&quot;, although as I have said EVERY song on this CD is awesome.  And best of all, metal fans, even your significant other will end up digging Type O Negative.  Every woman I have dated within the past six years started out hating metal.....now they all love Type O.  This album ranks among my Top Ten, as in fave albums and how many times I have played it in any CD player that I own.
B00005JCA9|5.0|Actually, I thought this movie was quite heart warming.  I particularly liked the contrast between the intectual and the movie star.  Though one wouldn't think that they had anything in common, in the end I thought they did.  It also brought to mind something that Oscar Wilde once wrote:  &quot;Life imitates art.&quot;  <br />Also of interest was the way Julia showed her vulnerable side, her loneliness, and her frustration in having to cope with a high profile image.  The press bashing scene was funny as well as being awkward.  It made me think that the loss of privacy must be terrible sacrifice.
B000002U8G|5.0|... First off I just wanted to say I would hav given this four and a halve stars if I could. Also if Atom Heart Mother didn't exist, I would have given this 5-stars! Why you ask? Because when you listen to A.H.M. you expect evereything they do to live up to that! Now on to the music! The origin of the, (In my opinion) highly over-used, \\"One of these days\\" lies in MEDDLE! It's a wonderful song, they just put it on way to many albums. \\"A Pillow Of Winds\\" is a very soothing Floyd song, definitly something you'll be proud to have in your collection. Fearless is sort of a southy-rock-syphonic masterpeice. If thats to confusing I'll make it simple, it's the kind of song you want stuck in your head. Not to mention it ends with Rodgers and Hamerstein's \\"You'll Never Walk Alone\\"! \\"San Tropez\\" reminds me slightly of some of the Beatles work, but better. The Album's worth buying just for this song (If not for \\"Echoes\\"!). Seamus is bassically an uninspired blues song that, belive it or not, took all of 'em to write! Echoes is the best song on the album and one of PF's greatest, Making the album a true winner! I also recomend Pink Floyd: Atom Heart Mother, and They Might Be Giants: Flood!<BR>I decided it was to good for 4-stars.
0679777547|5.0|&quot;The Ninth Gate&quot; had the potential to be a great movie, but like so many movies made from books, too much was left out.  Entire parts of the plot were axed in order to make the original story--complex and sometimes confusing--easier to swallow for low brow Hollywood audiences.<br /> &quot;The Club Dumas&quot; is a shocking, disturbing look at the nature of man in relation to sin and lust--a completely different tale than the cinematic version.  The very center of the plot itself--books--may have turned some viewers of &quot;The Ninth Gate&quot; off, but a person who can appreciate the power a book--both implied and literal--sees the skill with which Reverte creates this story.<br />The book follows Lucas Corso, a self-described &quot;literary mercenary,&quot; through his quest to solve two mysteries: one, being the true origin of an Alexandre Dumas manuscript; and the other, confirming/refuting the authenticity of a Satanic book called &quot;The Nine Doors of the Kingdom of Shadows&quot;.  Corso, a deceptive character himself, finds himself peeling back layer after layer of deception until he finally discovers the horrifying core.<br />Without giving too much away, I'll say that Corso solves both mysteries while still not finding the true solution to each riddle until the end.  The combination of a high brow pulp fiction novel such as &quot;The Three Musketeers&quot; and a book that supposedly unleashes the power of the Son of Morning at first seems an ill fit, but Reverte weaves a beautiful web of knowledge and mazes.  The author is a master of redirection, as are most of his characters: when one piece of the puzzle is found, it seems to lead to yet another puzzle altogether.  In the end, Corso does find all the answers, as well as salvation...but neither events lead to what could be called a typical happy ending.<br />&quot;The Club Dumas&quot; is a delightfully pretentious novel, assuming that its audience has read &quot;The Three Musketeers&quot;, is well versed in Latin, is familiar with the rare book trade and is interested in demonology.  But, even the pretense itself is misleading--the reader is discreetly helped along the path to knowledge, just like the book's protagonist.  It's an old fashioned detective story in which the stakes are infinitely higher, a mystery novel with the good sense to make the reader work as hard as the characters for the answers.  There is also, among the terror, backstabbing and murder, love and sympathy.  One feels sympathy for most of the characters, including the one character in the book who, historically, has probably never received much in the way of kindness at all.<br />&quot;The Club Dumas&quot; is one of the best books I've read in a very long time, and is worth every penny.  Perhaps if the rare book market is this exciting, I'll open a bookstore...
6302909651|5.0|What a piece of movie it is somethin',i really enjoyed watchin' this movie it's one of my favorite movies......sharon stone and william baldwin were really hot they look good as a couple.....come on guys go and buy this movie cuz it's really nice,a good story and nice steamy love scenes and everythin in it nice and i never get bored from this movie,maybe i watched it 10 times or more....but the problem im waitin' for this movie to see the light on a dvd.....im waitin' for a dvd plzzzzzz make it for us on a dvd,for people like us who collect the dvd,and i  wish it will be soon to come on a dvd....IM LOOKIN' FORWARD TO IT.....GREAT MOVIE.......
B00000DATR|5.0|There are few albums that I can simply pop into the CD player (or MP3 player - don't worry, I bought the CD) and listen to, regardless of mood or what I'm doing, but this is one of them.  No matter what I'm doing, be it homework, surfing the web, driving home, or fixing up music for my hometown Fourth of July fireworks show (a mix of &quot;Secrets&quot; and &quot;Far Above the Clouds&quot; provided a fantastic finale), this album can accompany them all.<br />  More electronically based than Oldfield's previous venture into his acoustical brainchild, this album may not appeal to the more traditional fans of his work.  However, I feel that, though many tracks may venture too far into the realm of &quot;techno&quot; music, it is still a wonderous voyage.<br />  My only complaint with this CD is track #7, &quot;Man in the Rain&quot; which, in my opinion, hinders the listening experience by throwing in an attempt at a pop song.  However, if you simply program your player to bypass the song entirely, you'll find that the flow of the album isn't interrupted by the skipped track.  In fact, I feel that track #8, &quot;The Top of the Morning,&quot; is one of the best tracks of Oldfield that I've ever heard, and comes across beautifully after the ending storms of &quot;The Inner Child.&quot;<br />  Final verdict: An excellent album with one minor flaw that shouldn't impede your enjoyment of such a wonderous masterpiece.
B000002C1V|3.0|I have had mixed views on this album for a while. First off, I do think it is a great album, but i do NOT think it is Pink Floyd, its more like a good Roger Waters solo album, and its a lot better than The Pros and Cons Of Hitch Hiking. A couple songs (Your Possible Pasts comes to mind) sound like leftovers from The Wall (which i think that song may have been?), but the great songs on here (The Gunners Dream, The Final Cut, Two Suns in the Sunset, Fletcher Memorial Home, The Hero's Return) overshadows the not-as-good ones. And the orchestration on this (arranged and conducted by Michael Kamen) is real good. I also like the background sounds on this album, kind of adds to the mood of the album. As another reviewer said, this is defintely Waters' most mature lyrical acheivement, the lyrics go right for the heart (though they are not happy-go-lucky, but when were Waters' lyrics like that? Maybe a couple real older ones hehe...).Overall its a good album with a couple low points, but its not Pink Floyd. But when i see Waters live, i hope he plays the good ones off this record, becuase they are great.
B00003CXTG|4.0|Although not the best movie this year (that would belong to Shrek), Pearl Harbor was one of the more entertaining ones I did see. Despite some of the plot problems, Pearl Harbor proved to be an extremely entertaining and powerful movie. The plot really isnt as bad as many people are saying. Original as it may not be, it will remind you of the way movies used to be made. Just think, if this movie, with the same dialogue and plot, were released 50 years ago, people would have seen it as the best movie made...ever. You just dont get any stories or movie like this anymore. Emotions run so high in this movie and you will feel what it was like to be in the attack.       The attack sequence, which begins 90 minutes into the film, along with Saving Private Ryan's opening scene, is by far, the intense sequence you have ever seen. Just the building up of the intensity when the Japanese planes begin to reach the island, is superbly done.       Hans Zimmer's music is great as well. I just recommend it fully to anyone who's looking for great entertainment this year. The only problem I had with it while watching it in the theater, was that I felt it was too long. But other than that, everything else was above average.
014028009X|5.0|Just when I thought that nobody understood what it was like to be a single girl in a world filled with Smug Marrieds, along comes our gal Bridget Jones! Helen Fielding has captured the heart and soul of singletons everywhere with this witty and thoroughly engaging novel. I hardly put it down at all once I started reading it. I highly recommend this book to anyone looking for some great tongue-planted-firmly-in-cheek humor and great singleton emotions abound!
B00004W5UA|4.0|Jack is employed by a major car manufacturer to evaluate whether recall of their vehicles is necessary. A fairly normal job, you'd think. But Jack is not normal. Far from it. Jack is a chronic insomniac. In his own words: 'Everything is a copy of a copy of a copy.' (Just one of the many brilliant quotes from this movie). To cure his insomnia, Jack joins support groups - for anything. Be it testicular cancer patients who've lost their privates or leukoma patients who just want to be laid one more time before they die, Jack goes to them all. And strangely, finds that this gives him blessed sleep at night. That is, until Marlo shows up - a ... who fakes disease to join these groups. Jack is back to being an insomniac again until he meets Tyler, a soap salesman, who blows up Jack's apartment (but you'll only figure that out later). The two of them begin 'Fight Club' - a club where middle/low class people come to...fight each other. Might sound stupid, but eventually the two of them build a network that spans the entire USA. The movie has a surprise at the end, which I won't spoil. It's one of those movies which you can watch a thousand times and still not grasp the meaning of everything. But it's got a great story line, plenty of great quotes and two great actors (Brad Pitt & Edward Norton). Oh, and watch out for the porn clip at the end when the buildings are blowing up...they don't put NU18 for nothing...
0345441184|4.0|No one could deny that this is a work of masterful story-telling. The characters are some of the most well developed and well thought out that I have ever come across, and the story kept my interest to the very end, which is saying something, as it IS a large book. However, I was disappointed at the ending. None of us like to be confronted with age and failure, and it was a harsh lesson in this story. Also, the book truly is full of a battle of religions, which can be a little offensive at times (and would likely turn the sensitive away). Still, I can tell this book will be fondly remembered, in my mind, for years to come.
B00001QEBQ|5.0|Mulan is a great film for Disney lovers, especially for the type that gets annoyed by &quot;damsel in distress gets saved by prince charming.&quot; In this movie, Hua Mulan (I own a Singapore comic book by the same name too) is brought upon the matchmaker. It's tradition, for any of you who don't know. Now, Mulan is uncertain, since she'd rather do something else noble to please her family. Even her father doesn't thing she can make it through. He calls the ancestors, who get a rude awakening. Not trying to spoil anything though. This scene is the funniest part, where she leaves a permanent mark on the matchmaker, a rather bad one. She meets an amusing little cricket Krikee. He's so adorable! Another interesting and hilarious character is Mushu (voiced by Eddie Murphy.) He's wisecracking, all the same. Meanwhile, the Huns are invading China. Her aging father has been recruited. Mulan, fearing for her father's safety, decides to fight for him, posing as a man. Oh yeah, her name at the army camp is Ping. <br />The conclusion is excellent. You will not want to miss this movie. Ming-Na does a good job for the voice of Mulan. Even though the heroine sings like all the Disney leading ladies, you will be amazed at her fighting skills. Zai jian!!
B00004Z459|4.0|I've been waiting a long time for the true synthesis of rap and metal to emerge (since Run DMC and Aerosmith did their little gig with &quot;Walk This Way&quot;.) This album has an excellent driving sound and does a good job of mixing the rap dialog and its associated elements (scratching and big beat) with the raspy metal sound of the lead singer and guitar. Yes, the music is not always too complex and the lyrics are still a little juvenile, but compared to their contemporaries (Limp Bizkit and Kid Rock) it can seem at times like Shakespeare. Really the only thing that is glaringly in need of change are the times when the lead singer, Chester Bennington, goes into his Sam Kinison like, hyper-accelerated yelling, which are few and far between.<br />Overall, this is a good album, but their second album ought to show whether they will choose to extend their talents into the unknown and make a new sound, or follow the dark path and become the glam band of the new millenium.
0684833395|5.0|This book is particularly hilrious for anyone who has ever been in the military.  I finally read this novel almost a year after getting out of the Army, and could not stop laughing.<br />Some of the characters ring so true it is almost eerie, though funny.  Pompous officers who care nothing for their men, but are willing to &quot;sacrifice&quot; to win the war, when the only true sacrifice comes from men like Yossarian, who they so readily send into harm's way for their glory - oops!  I mean to win the war.<br />There is the war profiteer who sees no wrong in scr**ing his buddies as long as he makes out OK.  There are the multitude of characters who, one way or another, are war's hapless victims. This is one of the greatest anti-war novels ever written, because it gets its message across with subtlety and humor.<br />An excellent read and an American clasic.
B00004Z459|4.0|I've been waiting a long time for the true synthesis of rap and metal to emerge (since Run DMC and Aerosmith did their little gig with &quot;Walk This Way&quot;.) This album has an excellent driving sound and does a good job of mixing the rap dialog and its associated elements (scratching and big beat) with the raspy metal sound of the lead singer and guitar. Yes, the music is not always too complex and the lyrics are still a little juvenile, but compared to their contemporaries (Limp Bizkit and Kid Rock) it can seem at times like Shakespeare. Really the only thing that is glaringly in need of change are the times when the lead singer, Chester Bennington, goes into his Sam Kinison like, hyper-accelerated yelling, which are few and far between.<br />Overall, this is a good album, but their second album ought to show whether they will choose to extend their talents into the unknown and make a new sound, or follow the dark path and become the glam band of the new millenium.
0156711427|5.0|As one of Forster's greatest fans, A Passage to India is undoubtedly his greatest work.  His abillity to conjure characters so different and yet so solidly entrenched in 'englishness.'<br />Don't let the film version disswade you, indeed, Merchant &amp; Ivory are masters in adapting Forster's words to images, but if you like Forster's writings, then by all means choose this one!
0070511136|4.0|Generally, I enjoyed reading this book. It is easy to read and also is convincing as it, time and again, refers back to field research done by the author. To underline this, many observations of actual sales-calls are &quot;quoted&quot;.<br />If you are new to sales, you might find that the continuous assumption that &quot;you have been, of course, for a long time been familiar with the following concepts...&quot; gets a bit irritating after a while. A side-effect is, that the author quite often feels the need to defend himself against established sales-culture. Also, the fact that the book brings useful news for those selling &quot;large&quot; items only does not exactly jump from the publisher's notes.<br />However, if you are in large sales and wondering why the old-establised methods aren't working for you, then this book could be worth its weight in gold for you and then some.
B00003W8NM|4.0|You need to really pay attention to the dialog in this film.  There is so much symbolism and themes in this film that it is easy to miss the bottom-line.  That is the only reason I would'nt give this film 5 stars, it trys to do too much.  If you like movies that make you think and leave you feeling uneasy, this is for you. You think the movie is about men finding liberation through violence.  The irony is that the movies not about that at all.  You have to watch it yourself, but most people miss the point.  If you can't handle abiguity this movie will really irritate you.  Especially disturbing to me was the dialog between Ed Norton and the female character where they are discussing which days they will attend the victims groups, spooky.  Remember the old saying its ok to talk to yourself as long as you don't answer back.  Watch this movie twice and again, pay attention to the dialog.
B00003CXFG|5.0|This was a great movie.  I never heard anything about it in the advertisements but it was an awesome movie.
0440178002|4.0|I remember back in the summer of 76 my father was very ill. He spent most of that summer in the hospital and my mother bought him dozens of books to read - cable was still in it's infancy and VCR's were few and far between. She focused on buying big thick books and Shogun was one of these books. I was nine years old at the time and utterly fascinated by it's thickness. When the mini-series aired four years later I watched all of it with my parents. I remember the plot being complicated and difficult to follow, but I did enjoy the overall atmosphere and ,of course, the many action scenes. I especially liked the Ninja sequence.<br />Now, over twenty years later, I've finally read the novel and enjoyed it tremendously. It's fast moving, engrossing and exciting. It does exactly what the best of this genere should do. It takes you away and makes you feel as if you're actually in another time and place. What more can one ask? <br />And yet I couldn't help noticing some of the other reviewers critiques of Calvell's incorrect use of Japanese words, expressions etc.The fictionalizing of historical personas, incorrect depections of various martial arts, and just his overall depiction of old Japan. So in defense of the late Mr. Clavell I'm going to address some of these points. First of all Mr. Clavell began writing Hollywood screenplays back in the fifties. You can see his name in the credits for Gunfight at the OK Corral with Kirk Douglas and Burt Lancaster. In his day fictional authors created thinly disguised fictional characters in place of the actual people and events. It was considered tactless to write a work of fiction with actual persons interacting with fictional protaganists. Mr.CLavell did just this when he wrote Shogun. When looked at in these terms it makes sense. As far as the arrogance of his changing of Japanese history and comparing it to a foreign film in which the name of George Washington is changed......well there have been foreign films made in the pastwhich have &quot;messed&quot; with our history. A good example would have to be the Sergio Leone westerns, but there are others. Like it or not, Clavell wasn't writing for a Japanese audience. His book was for readers that knew pratically nothing about pre-Tokugawa Japan.I have to say this is one reason why he has his characters using Judo and other modern martial arts. The average American in 1975 had heard of Judo, but I doubt they knew what jijitsu and others were. For those readers with truly curious natures I don't doubt they went on and learned more on their own. Never forget that this is a work of fiction first and formost.<br />Does Clavell engage in some idolization of Japanese culture? Yes. But is that necessarily a bad thing? Clavell was a man who admired Asia. Writers have the privlige of putting their worldview into their work and Clavell does just that in Shogun.This is one reason why I've grown tired of reading fiction. But, in Shogun, I didn't find it overbearing and tiresome. This is a skillfully written piece of popular fiction, deserving of it's rating. It isn't a coincidence this book is still in print after twenty-five years or that the mini-series is available. To read this book and others like it one needs to check one's self-importance at the door and go in with a easy going attitude.<br /> Believe me I know. I used to be soldier and now I'm a cop. If I allowed myself to be infuriated over all the innaccuracies that I constantly catch in books and movies about cops and soldiers I'd never be able to enjoy anything. So relax and enjoy. It's lots of fun, and what more can one ask for?
B00003CXTG|1.0|Being somewhat of a Ben Affleck fan, mostly just of his Kevin Smith movies, I went to see this movie, thinking it will be a fantastic war drama. And lets just say this, in my 30 years on this planet, this was the only movie I ever walked out on. It is boring, sappy, insipid, mushy, and lost all aspects of the little war that happened to be going on. If you want a real war movie, rent Saving Private Ryan.
0767835255|1.0|This movie never really appealled to me when it first came out a while back. I thought it would be an alarmingly patriotic and gung-ho affair with little thought for anyone outside of the US, with the amount of disbelief needing to be suspended astronomical. Having only recently seen it on terrestrial television, I can say that I was absolutely right.<br />Harrison Ford plays the President with his usual rigid sub-Schwarzenneger style, utterly emotionless and unbelievable as always. Glenn Close hams along as a cringe-inducingly patriotic vice president, with some of the most cliched and predictable lines ever. Gary Oldman is a little better, but still plays a stereotypical hollywood villian who engages in just about every deadly sin possible in this movie.<br />Wolfgang Petersen fails to engage the watcher or bring about any of the sweaty claustrophobia present in his previous epic, Das Boot. Even In The Line Of Fire questioned the all-American dream and morals, partly because of the presence of the brilliant John Malkovich. This film doesn't. At all. <br />To say that I'm not a fan of action movies would be incorrect. I've just never seen a good one. This was no exception.
B00003CY0U|5.0|Loved the movie, couldnt get enough of it! A must have movie for me!
0679879269|5.0|I LOVED THE HIS DARK MATERIALS TRILOGY!I liked the Subtle Knife the best out of the three...but i couldn't put any of them down! Though i dont completely agree with the religious insights, they fit in with the plot. These are the best books and i would recomend them to everyone who loves a great fantasy book! I completely liked the end, though it was sad. the trilogy made me laugh, smile, cry, and i was on the edge of my seat for almost the whole time!the characters were amazing and after reading these books i feel like i've known them all my life. if you have any extra time i would advise you to read these books.
B0000009OU|5.0|Edgier than both &quot;My Aim is True&quot; and &quot;Armed Forces&quot;, this is perhaps the greatest album of the punk/new wave era of the late '70s.  With the addition of the extra tracks, this album has become (in '70s terminology) an excellent &quot;double album&quot; -- without a loser in the bunch.  Elvis' best! -- Classic
B000002UAO|4.0|where is the Rubber Soul, as an American, I listened to on vinyl about a billion times. Sure, these are all great songs, but to me if it doesn't start out with &quot;I've Just Seen a Face&quot;, it's like removing &quot;Call me Ishmael&quot; from the first line of Moby Dick.
0060922583|5.0|There is so much in our world that seems to be inexplicable, but the holographic theory fits in so nicely with everything that it's hard not to believe it. The book contains both scientific explanations of the theory as well as real-life examples of how it is applied. If you have imponderable questions about the universe and you enjoy have your brain flipped around inside your head, this is your book.
0671578855|5.0|Lois McMaster Bujold has long ago become my favorite author. This is certainly one of my favorite Miles Vorkosigan adventures also.  In this book you won't find dendarii mercenaries nor even a huge lord auditor investigation...just good old Miles screwing his love life. In the romantic scene of the Imperial wedding Miles is set on conquering the heart of Ekaterin, whom he met on Komarr. Unfortunately, conquering is too precise a word and Miles will hit quite a few walls in his lame attempts.  LMB again unfolds her magic in showing us yet another side of Miles. As in Memory he will face situations that will require he takes a close look at himself and either grow and learn or...  But Miles is not alone! Mark rejoins House Vorkosigan with quite a love problem of his own and Ivan can't seem to settle down.  And along these problems of the heart the Barrayaran political scene is in turmoil and the council of counts is in full activity.  This book is a true adventure of the heart, mind and soul. Nobody does it better than LMB. She conceives wonderful and entertaining plots but the stars are her characters: they live and breathe.
0790744295|2.0|This is a great movie. It's fun. It's original. And best of all, it's quite demented!Every story, with the exception of &quot;The Lonsesome Death of Jordy Verill&quot; is fantastic. I won't waste my time reviewing each of the stories, because, let's face it...Anybody that's read or seen a Stephen King book or movie knows that it's gonna be a fun ride.Instead, this review is dedicated to the poor transfer of &quot;Creepshow&quot; to DVD. In a nutshell, it is simply one of the worst transfers I have EVER seen! The picture wobbles like an ill positioned film projector! A caption on the box SHOULD read: &quot;Watching this may cause motion sickness....Do NOT watch while operating heavy machinery.&quot; Unfortunately, due to copyright laws, I cannot return a movie that I have already opened for a refund. I guess I'll probably stash this piece of garbage in &quot;The Crate&quot; under the stairs.
B00005B36H|1.0|My sister loves tool. but I'd never heard there music before. Then I heard Schism on mtv (I'm really not a fan of mtv but it was 3 in the morning) and I loved it! I just want to know if this is a good album and a good band. Can you all help me out? I really don't have a rating for the album since i only heard one song.
B000000WG4|5.0|I am pleasantly surprized to see the great, high reviews. I thought it would be more bimodal: 5s and 1s. I think people are either going to absolutley love this album or hate it. It is like nothing else. I listen to a lot of Progressive as well as Classical and like to compare groups to the classical composers. 'Yes' is Mozart, Beethovan like; Rennaissance is based on English Folk and Chamber music. I would say that Oldfield is Vivaldi like in staying with a theme for 3-5 minutes before transitioning seamlessly to the next theme but very Bach harpiscord Brandenburg fugue like within each theme. The climax of Part I is real interesting in that the Bass part is moving very quickly - it is acting like percussion and the multitude of other intruments in the treble clef are playing slower counterpoints. Usually it is reversed in rock and in classical.<br />The only room for improvement on this (clearly 5 Stars work )that I see, is that Oldfield plays all the instruments except flute (obviously studio work). He is very good at the multitude of instruments, but not really great on a single one. The point of his music thoough is not &quot;chops&quot; but the overall composition. But even Mozart would only perform publically on piano, but could play a variety during his compositions. Man, what I would give to hear a collaboration between say Yes and Oldfield!<br />When I heard (on CD) Part I for the first time, I stood up and clapped. Part II is more difficult, but on about the 6th listening I started to really appreciate. The cave man grunts are a bit much on Part II, maybe I'll appreciate with time. If Oldfield was living in the 1700s I have no doubt he would be right up there with Mozart and company.<br />No wonder the early 70's were the &quot;Golden Age&quot; of Prog with Oldfield getting little attention because of the Giants of the era. if he had done this album and Omindawn in the 80s he would have made a whole decade a lot less dismal and secured his fame.<br />Whatmore can one say about a masterpiece?
0440214041|3.0|I feel bad about letting a movie affect my judgement of a book, but what can I say, the movie showed how good the book could have been.  <br />The book (and movie) follow the story of Darby Shaw, a law-student, who writes a brief on her theory of who murdered two Supreme Court Justices.  When her stab in the dark turns out to be right, the people behind the conspiracy stop at nothing to try to stop the brief from hitting daylight.  With the help of Gray Granthum, a reporter, Darby searches for the evidence she needs to prove the brief is true.  <br />Let me just say, the book was good.  It had suspenseful moments, the characters were believeable, and the story-plot itself ingenious...but the movie did better.  The movie took the book and added more suspense, while staying true to the book.  The movie also had two great actors, Julia Roberts as Darby and Denzel Washington as Gray, they brought the characters alive even more then the book, excellent acting.  I would encourage reading this book, especially if you like Grisham.  But I would say to not see the movie until after the book.  Both are good, but the movie is just better.
0060194995|5.0|This is a one of the great American stories that was made into an equally great American movie.<br />The book is set in Maycomb, Alabama, in the 1930s. Atticus Finch, a lawyer and a father, defends a black man, Tom Robinson, who is accused of raping a poor white girl, Mayella Ewell. The narrative is in the voice of Jean Louise (Scout) Finch, Atticus daughter, who with her brother, Jem, and friend, Dill, endure the underlying outrage of the community when Mr. Finchs vigorously defends Tom Robinson. <br />In the meantime, a great mystery is solved, the mystery of Boo Radley, a &quot;malevolent phantom&quot; who lives in a ramshackle house just down the street from the Finches. Boo was never seen, but &quot;people said he existed . . . people said he went out at night when the moon was down, and peeped in windows . . . when peoples azaleas froze in a cold snap, it was because he had breathed on them . . . a baseball hit into the Radley yard was a lost ball and no questions asked.&quot;  <br />Theres not much more that I can add to the hundreds of other Amazon reviews about this Pulitzer prize-winning book, but a few bits of &quot;To Kill A Mockingbird&quot; trivia may be interesting to those who are fans of the book and movie. <br /> . The character of &quot;Dill&quot;  the imaginative boy who was Jem and Scouts best friend and neighbor  is modeled after author Harper Lees best childhood friend. (Dills character is developed in much more detail in the book.)  The friends name was Truman Capote, a boy who grew up to be one of Americas finest authors. Perhaps the friendship was forged because both children marched to a different drummer. Truman was effeminate and didnt fit in with other boys. Harper was a feisty tomboy who didnt fit in with other girls.  This friendship, developed in Monroeville, AL (Maycomb in the book) and which continued into adulthood, gives rise to one of the more interesting controversies in literature. Four decades later, Harper Lee has never penned another novel, just a few articles and essays. The style in many of the passages in To Kill a Mockingbird is very similar to that of Truman Capote.  Did Harper Lee write this novel? Or is it the work of Truman Capote?   Ms. Lee has been quoted as saying that she &quot;finds writing difficult.&quot;  But it is documented that she locked herself away in a flat in New York City for more than a year to write To Kill a Mockingbird. It is very likely that her story is expressed with the advice and help of her good friend. And whats wrong with that?   Harper Lee is still living in 2001 and remains an intensely private person. <br /> . Understandably, the book includes scenes and story lines that were not included in the movie. Scouts aunt, Miss Alexandra, who desperately wants Scout to behave like a young lady, plays a key role in the book after she moves in with the family.  She is non-existent in the movie. Neighbor Miss Maudies house burns down in the books story line  in the movie she is best remembered for the line of dialogue, &quot;There are some men in this world who were born to do our unpleasant jobs for us. Your fathers one of them.&quot; <br /> So, which is better - the book or the movie? <br /> The answer is neither. Theyre both masterpieces that complement and compliment each other beautifully.<br /> Every once in a very long while - in literature and filmmaking - a story comes along with a power of its own that seems to draw from an unworldly creative force. The result is a work of grace, beauty, insight and inspiration. Such is the case with To Kill A Mockingbird. <br /> On film or the printed page, its an American treasure.
0140283587|5.0|If you were ever a teenager involved in backpacking and trekking;  a flower child in search of peace, love, and spiritual fulfillment;  a traveler to India adventurous enough to go off the regular tourist trails;  or the parent of any of these, you will love this wickedly satirical tale of two callow 19-year-olds who decide to spend a few months of their gap year backpacking around India in search of experience and enlightenment.  With so many summaries already on the site, I'll forgo writing another one, but this book, unlike so many others that critics tout as \\"hilarious,\\" but which regular readers find only mildly amusing at best, really IS hilarious!<br /><br />As Dave and Liz smugly \\"experience India,\\" we see how shallow their involvement is, how much they are acting and trying on roles to see if they fit, how much this trip is a way to avoid boredom, and how, lemming-like, they do what everyone else does, staying in the same hostels, following the same itinerary, and searching for \\"meaning\\" in outrageously off-the-wall activities, the chief attraction of which is that they take place in a foreign country.<br /><br />Sutcliffe does not hold back in his satire, but he is not mean-spirited.  The reader can easily imagine that this novel evolves from some of Sutcliffe's own amusing experiences or those of some of his friends.  He is laughing with, rather than laughing at.  Most readers will probably not have pursued enlightenment in the extreme ways that Dave and Liz do, but most of us will see ourselves at nineteen mirrored in their naivete and gullibility.  In laughing at them, we are also laughing at ourselves.  Mary Whipple
B000050IKM|1.0|Like most people here, this video doesn't hold a candle to  Baby Mozart which my baby loved: it's not as captivating, the flow is disrupted by the little daughters appearing for no reason, and the selection of Bach music was poor.  C'mon, \\"Air\\" played the way it was is not going to get the babies attention at all.  And the Clark parents went overboard by putting their kids in way too many skits ....  They seemed to disrupt the flow.<br />Save your money if you are expecting something as good as Baby Mozart.  We feel like these folks just wanted to throw something together figuring that parents like us would buy Baby Bach since we all loved Baby Mozart so much.  Well it worked.
0800141601|4.0|Some people believe that this is just another example of typical Hollywood junk, meant merely to entertain for a few hours (if that). I, for one, have no problem with movies like that, but was very pleased and surprised that this movie is one or two steps above that sort of thing.<br />I choose to ignore the superficial stuff, like accents or accuracy, which made this move much better in my eyes. If you have a problem with this, however, you're going to find that Richard Gere's accent is simply not there and the Authurian legend was twisted almost beyond recognition. Not a crisis we can't overcome, although some critics seemed to think they needed therapy to aid them in their quest for spiritual wholeness. I'm not going to let a movie ruin my decade, however!<br />Julia Ormond is of course stunningly beautiful, which almost takes away from her acting - almost. She is a great actress, and although the material isn't too deep in this film, she proves it yet again as the Queen Guinevere. Sean Connery is of course fabulous, if a little stale. It seems to me it doesn't take too much imagination to play this King Arthur. Richard Gere makes the film for me, and not because he's handsome and buff (which is always a plus). His acting is really good for the stuff he had to do, and I think he looked very into his character, the rough and honorable Lancelot. Much credit has to be given to the supporting cast, which was great. Not a cheesy actor amongst them, with the possible exception of the fellow who played the &quot;villain&quot;, evil Malagant. Sort of your stereotypical bad guy. Oh, and watch out for the scene where he walks into a room full of knights, places his sword on the round table, makes a corny speech, and then walks out again... without his sword. I bet he beat himself up about that later on when he was attacking Camelot!<br />The costumes are fabulous, and obviously more time was spent on Guinevere's beautiful dresses then was spent on the funny looking sets and models for Camelot. Weird adobe-like houses with bright blue roofs, crammed together. Hard to believe King Arthur became as powerful as he's said to be in the movie, since his entire kingdom is just big enough to fit on top of a hill. Oh well.<br />A movie I would gladly buy simply because it's enjoyable and entertaining, not because it's deep or riveting or changed my life. Although, after watching this movie, I did seriously consider painting my roof blue...
B000000OSE|5.0|I first got this album a few years ago and when I first heard November Rain, I was amazed, simply amazed. It is an song of epic proportions. The solo at the end is brilliant. But now the entire thing. All in all this is a classic. No fillers, no songs to skip over, pure rock n roll at its best! These guys are in a league of their own when it comes to song writing and composing. Axl's voice is one of the best ever, no doubt about it. Slash is one of the best guitar players of all time. I am a proud fan of GN'R and this is a must for any fan of theirs, causal or diehard.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|WOW! I have to say this movie will be an all time favorite of mine. Its fun, imaginative,and yet, very sad. At the begining of the movie, I was not dazzled, but as the story went on, my eyes were wide open, and I wanted more! I laughed, cried, was surprised, and cried more. This story is captivated from beggining to end, and I cant wait to see it again!<br />True whats been said, you love it, or u hate it. Nicole and Ewan or a kick to watch! The last seen is the most sad, and will have you stunned, and heartbroken. Depending on your sensitivity, you may walk out shaking. LOL!I watched people come out of the theatre. Prepare to be dazzled, Go MOulin Rouge!
6305165912|5.0|The Coen brothers have really created something special here with The Big Lebowski.  This movie is so good on so many levels that it even rivals Raising Arizona in creativity and overall entertainment value.  John Goodman is particularly good as Walter, while cameos by Flea and John Toturro provide instant laughs.  This is a must see!!!
B000002TLX|5.0|It's summertime between my fifth and sixth grades...the year is 1988. I've just experienced my first dance outside of elementary school. It's the morning after, and I'm still in a daze from the magical slow dance that I'd just experienced last night with Tara, someone I had a huge crush on...that song was &quot;Hold On To The Nights&quot;...<br />Since then, I've come to know Richard Marx as a master of soft pop rock; with R&amp;B aftershocks vibrating through his wonderfully pleasant voice. Personal favorites like &quot;Should've Known Better&quot; and &quot;Endless Summer Nights&quot; also dominated my favorite radio station at the time, but it was 1989's &quot;Right Here Waiting&quot; that solidly established Mr. Marx as a pop icon during the era of Paula Abdul, MC Hammer and the New Kids On The Block.<br />Words cannot express how much I appreciate and enjoy this album because it is so darn pleasant. Other standouts for me are &quot;Angelia&quot; (love this one), &quot;Children Of The Night&quot; (ditto), &quot;Hazard&quot; (lyrically haunting...), &quot;Keep Coming Back&quot; (deliciously bluesy - listen for Luther Vandross!), and &quot;Now and Forever&quot; (extremely sincere, perfect for a wedding).<br />&quot;Satisfied&quot; and &quot;The Way She Loves Me&quot; rock in a Bryan Adams-ish sort of way, and while these songs aren't personal favorites, they're still irresistable for the zestful vibrancy they communicate.<br />&quot;Touch Of Heaven&quot; is a pleasant surprise, and Richard's vocals are in top form here - fans of R&amp;B music will definitely appreciate this one. Randy Jackson (yes, Michael's little brother) worked on this one.<br />...also check out the liner notes on this album; Mr. Marx shares a personal thought about every song. Upon reading this information, it becomes quite clear that Richard Marx is truly a wonderful human being. This is honestly one of the best CDs I have purchased in a long time - totally worth it - expecially for those who like pop, soft rock, or even R&amp;B. Go get it...I mean it.<br />Thanks for reading,<br />C.H.R.<br />P.S. And for all the *NSync fans out there who enjoyed &quot;This I Promise You&quot;, well, Richard Marx wrote that one too; and just so you know, *NSync co-lead singer J.C. Chasez used the song &quot;Right Here Waiting&quot; for his audition to the Mickey Mouse Club back in the early 90s...now, how's that for pop music trivia?o like pop, soft rock, or even R&amp;B. Go get it...I mean it.<br />Thanks for reading,<br />C.H.R.<br />P.S. And for all the *NSync fans out there who enjoyed &quot;This I Promise You&quot;, well, Richard Marx wrote that one too; and just so you know, *NSync co-lead singer J.C. Chasez used the song &quot;Right Here Waiting&quot; for his audition to the Mickey Mouse Club back in the early 90s...now, how's that for pop music trivia?
B00003CXDZ|5.0|&quot;Big Thumbs Up!&quot;<br />The triggering, fantasy romance is awe inspiring, emotional and is a tour de force!  Nicole Kidman and Ewan McGreggor create fireworks.  The acting, dancing, cinematography and sets are just spectacular!  Words aren't enough for this film!  Even though this film wasn't the big ticket at the box office, could it be nominated for some awards?  It is possible, but unlikely considering it didn't go too in selling tickets at the box office.  This film is powerhouse entertainment!  Possibly the best movie this summer!
0812550706|5.0|Ender's Game is a fascinating jump into the future where battles are waged in outer space against a deadly alien force.  Soldiers and commanders are trained from childhood, maximizing their learning abilities and taking advantage of their impressionable minds.  Ender is a childhood prodigy, bullied at school and tortured by his brother at home.  With vivid imagery we follow Ender through his difficult training and watch how he struggles to overcome each new situation he faces, with brilliant improvisation and counter-manipulation.  The climax and conclusion are equally unexpected and satisfying.
0399230033|5.0|This is by far my favorite and my 21 month old daughter's favorite.  The illustrations are amazing in their detail.  I've been reading it to my daughter since she was about 8 months old, and I'm still finding fun &quot;treasures&quot; in the pictures - such as the people appearing in the window of the neighbor's house, the photo on the bedside table.  There are so many others, but I don't want to give it away as the fun is in discovering.   There is so much to this book with few words - my daughter gets different things out of it at different stages of her development.  As an infant she liked the rhythmic &quot;Goodnight Gorilla...Goodnight...Elephant, etc.&quot; and the bright colors.  As she started learning animals, she loved pointing out the zoo animals. Later she was enthralled by finding the banana on every page.  Lately she has been interested inthe different items in each of their cages.  She was so excited the evening she realized the doll in the armadillo's cage was &quot;Baby Ernie!&quot;. You won't be disappointed.
B00003CXXJ|5.0|An ogre Shrek (Mike Myers) thunders out of a fairy tale storybook to steer clear of him; a donkey (Eddie Murphy) follows his saviour when his fairy-tale land is devastated by the evil plans of Lord Farquaad who is narcissistic and short-tempered. Even the heroine, Princess Fiona (Cameron Diaz) is not your typical stereotyped beauty, but a spoiled, independent woman who rules with her dry wits and sardonic humour. Shrek makes a pact with the Lord Farquaad (voiced superbly by John Lithglow) to rescue his bride from the sentinel dragon in the castle, but falls in love with Fiona as they learn more about themselves in the rollicking adventure.<br />SHREK coming from DREAMWORKS, takes a stab at Disney's imagery on fairy tale and that reality bites - this fractured story tale from the hands of William Steinburg is an instant classic with its wits and dry humour that charms not even the children but finally a cartoon feature that is sophisticatedly computer-animated even to make the adults captivated. The morality is devastatingly told - when the audience learns about beauty is only skin-deep and that ugliness could be a form of tender beauty. Savagely touching and poignant, it transcends the boundaries of a mediocre fairy tale to bring truth and learning to accept who you are. <br />Shrek brings in fairy-tale characters that all of us can relate to  - from Pinochio to the Gingerbread man, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, it is a rambunctious parody and a wicked satire which has all the elements of a good fable - friendship, bigotry and love. Not to mention the spectacular 3D animation that is almost realistically done to match the actors voicing them - and the &quot;Matrix&quot; and Star Wars spoofs. Its outrageousness - and sublime creativity - may make even Disney cringe in awe of their aggressive competitor.
B000006TRV|5.0|I own the cd &amp; video. Nuff said!
0375703861|2.0|I read 'White Teeth' after many positive reccomendations and reviews.  I am embarrased to admit this,  but I could not finish this novel.  <br />This book started out with truly gripping scenarios and vivid descriptions of each character.  The rich detail gave me the sense that I knew exactly what each character looked and sounded like.  Thus I was engrossed in this novel-for a while.<br />I feel that Ms. Smith has a clever knack for storytelling.  She manages to infuse some wonderful dry humor throughout.  But it also was frusturating.  I would be reading this scenario, for example when Irie gets her hair done.  I really felt such empathy for her and her predicament.  Then the whole story changes and you are introduced to a whole new set of charactors and I simply felt left hanging. This seemed to happen numerous times.  You are immersed in wonderful plots and story telling, then it all comes to a screeching halt and onto another topic.  I felt that there were too many charactors and a general lack of focus.  <br />I think Ms. Smith is a gifted writer and I perhaps may read another novel.  I just hope that she can narrow down the number of charactors introduced throughout.  I found the main charactors to be abundant in personality and immensely interesting,  I just wanted more of THEM.
0393312836|5.0|This is my favorite book of all time. It has a good, solid message, and the unusual dialect keeps you looking in a russin dictionary, forcing you to keep reading, and focusing in on the story. It's a gruesome book, and I wouldn't recommend it for the squeamish. Then again, I'm squeamish, but for some reason...I just had to keep reading, and I'm glad I did. Great book. A must read, soon.
0783231482|5.0|This has got to be the funniest movie ever.  The Blues Brothers are two brothers on a &quot;mission from God&quot; to put their old band back together.  It's fast-paced and hilarious at every turn.  It also features appearances by James Brown, Cab Calloway, Ray Charles, and Aretha Franklin.  They sing such songs as Gimme Some Lovin', the theme from the TV show Rawhide, and Everybody Needs Someone to Love.  This an amazing movie, and everyone should see it.
B00003CXTG|5.0|This is the movie of the year! It has been way under rated and bad mouthed by people who havent even seen it! It's a movie thats about two best mates Rafe(BEN)and Danny(JOSH), they are two mates that have grown up together and looked out for each other thru everything!! They pretty much treat each other as brothers, as we find out! The story which i think we all know about PEARL HARBOR in some way or another, is about of cause the bombing of PEARL HARBOUR on December 7th 1941, when the Japanese thought of there sneakie and sly ideas of how to bomb PEARL. The bombing sceans are magnificent! There is of cause a romance, this is between the three main stars.(not giving away in detail in case you havent seen it) The sad twists that happen that you wouldnt think would happen, the amazingly real flying that the boys get up to. The feeling like you are there when the attack happens on the air bases, and the hospital. The scared feelings you get when the Japs fly over Pearl for the first time. In there hundredes!!! The feelings you get when the Americans dont face up to there mistakes, and dont listen to the people that know what they are talking about, instead they listen to the high class generals who dont think about the fact they would bomb where they are lest expecting it! This is when you feel like you are involved right in there with them and fighting this war with them! Yes this movie might take the win off Japan, but, it is a American movie and goes into deeper detail as well not just focus on the Japs, but the Americans and there way to get back on them and destroy there lives like the Japs destroyed theres! The romance link between people and the way the americans delt with defeat and strugling there way back! So all you people who havent seen it and are bad mouthing this SPECTATULAR movie do yourself a favour, buy this movie! You wont be sad you did! Congrats to the talent of Jerry Brockhimer, Michael Bay and the wonderful cast!
0451160916|5.0|This book is absolutly terrific.  Stephen King at his finest.  It's scary, of course, but not like some cheap horror book.  it's actually really good writing.  Whether or not you're a horror fan, you'll love this book.
B00004XQ83|5.0|Look, I am a classical musician by taste and training.  So, my tastes are usually different than the popular and I NEVER expected to find this stuff so much fun. BUT I DO!  (I know many of you are glad for me to see, at last.)<br />This music has a genuiness to it that I find irresistable.  And the variety of material here is also a delight.  I intend to look for some more of this wonderful stuff.  If anyone has suggestions, please email them to me.
1558908358|4.0|I watched E! news this morning featuring an interview with Jeff Bridges and it looks like in fact, Tron is being rereleased on DVD as a Special Edition towards the end of this year, possibly beginning of next year.  I would imagine the DVD will probably be released in time for the Christmas holidays.  Those of you who still love this movie will find this is quite possibly one of the greatest technical achievements for computer generated visuals for a film ever produced from the 80's!  Like the technical achievements seen in this years &quot;Final Fantasy,&quot; it opened so many doors for computer generated special effects in film and launched a whole new way of looking at movies.  Let's just hope Disney doesn't follow Warner Bros. in releasing this movie in full screen format like they've done with &quot;Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory-GAG!&quot;
B00003CXRM|5.0|I stupidly let this go by when it was in theatrical release. Then one night I rented it on a whim and was blown away.<br /><br />Some have made a great deal of this as a retelling of Homer's Odyssey.  My own thinking is that even though there is a \\"cyclops\\" and a scene with \\"sirens\\" and a few other superficial similarities with Homer this is really its own tale. I guess you could occupy yourself in identifying the various names as a kind of puzzle, but this really isn't the Odyssey in any deep way.  However, it is a lot of fun with great music and the humor is a delight from beginning to end. It is a movie I enjoy watching over and over again to catch little new things here and there.<br /><br />It isn't a deep movie, it isn't particularly profound, and it isn't a laugh until you drop kind of comedy. But it is a bright comedy with intelligence and wit to spare. I have enjoyed watching it several times.  Don't miss it.
B00000FZ1V|5.0|How can you not like this film? Ghostbusters was the first film to team Bill Murray, Dan Aykroyd, Harold Ramis, and Ivan Reitman (the director) on one film. It went on to become one of the most successful films of all time. No other movie combined special effects, a cool story, funny characters, and action so well. This film captivated me as a kid and I love it today. This DVD has finally done justice to Ghostbusters, though a two disc version might have been even better. The two featurettes, one from 1984 and one from 1999, are a lot of fun. The deleted scenes are fun, thought it's obvious why they were taken out. The film is also much better in a widescreen version. Finally, the &quot;visual&quot; commentary is very funny too. Once you see this film, you'll never forget it for lines like &quot;He slimed me.&quot;
6300214400|3.0|From the very beginning, you know what it will be about.  Spock cannot have died.  So this movie does the inevitable, it brings Spock back to life.  This movie has some good parts, but it is a major disappointment compared to Star Trek II.  One good development is McCoy's odd behaivor, with Spock's &quot;Katra&quot; in him.  Also, Kirk's evasion of the Klingon Kruge by blowing up the Enterprise is an excellent plot twist.  However, the movie is a bit hokey, but it paves the way for the superb Star Trek IV.
0812550706|5.0|First of all, this book is highly entertaining.  The action sequences in the battle room are very very well written and you feel like you are there a part of it. <br />But if it was only entertaining it would just be another fun science fiction novel. What sets this apart is that it is thought provoking. Ender is a great character who while most of can't really relate to him (I mean he is the smartest brightest kid in the world whose was taken from his parents and forced to enter military school) but most of us can at least feel for his situation.<br />What really makes this book is the astounding ending. It is suprising, truimphant, heart wrenching, horrifying, terrible and thought provoking all at the same time. One of the best endings of all time and the best science fiction book I have ever read.
6300213803|5.0|Terrific Movie.  It has to be my favorite Star Trek movie.  Nicholas Meyer (who also directed Star Trek VI) did a terrific job.  The movie is classic Star Trek, but the constant plot twists turn this movie into a spectacular piece of art.  The first star Trek movie was a real disappointment, but Star Trek II makes up for that.  The Battle in the Mutara is one of the best scenes, while the first battle with Khan is an excellent triumph for Kirk.  I would recomment this movie to anyone.
B000002H33|5.0|Metallica's first five albums comprise one of the best catalogs in modern music, and Master of Puppets will forever be their masterwork.  Never before had metal sounded so aggressive yet so intelligent, so focused yet so diverse, so intricate yet so powerful, so...unstoppable. <br />Here the band's songwriting mastery was at its peak, Hetfield's rhythms meshing wonderfully with Ulrich's arrangements and Hammett/Burton's melodic construction.  Highlights are everywhere, the epic title track, the haunting and sorrowful &quot;Sanitarium&quot;, the magnificent instrumental &quot;Orion.&quot;  <br />And while the subject of their recent albums is always touchy in metal circles, to me it's a shame some metal fans are just too insecure to acknowledge the utter brilliance that marks this album.  Seriously, metal just hasn't been the same since...
630242335X|5.0|Star Trek VI:  The Undiscovered Country is the ultimate triumph for Kirk and his crew.  It is my second favorite movie after Star Trek II.  The movie really does go where no man has gone before.  Nicolas Meyer did an excellent job directing the movie.  Not only does the movie have some excellent quotes, but the dinner with the Klingons shows the distrust between StarFleet and the Klingons.  Not only that, but the whole movie has an excellent idea.  It stresses that change is inevitable.  I would recommend this movie to everyone.
B00005AQAW|4.0|An excellent album that has a whole range of styles but pulls them all off very well. 1.Standing on the Edge sets the scene for the album: mostly averagely loud rock with a loud crashing pre-chorus and soft, quiet but beautiful interludes. Actually, having heard Buck Rogers and Seven Days in the Sun before buying the album, the softer, subtler sections surprised me, and they are done very well.Music:7/10 Lyrics:8/10 Style:varies 2.Buck Rogers is an incredible rocky song. Not very subtle and the lyrics are fairly meaningless but a great song none the less. Music:9/10 Lyrics:2/10 Style:fast,rocky 3.Piece By Piece is the first wholly soft song, and it is quite good though by no means the highlight of the album. Music:6/10 Lyrics:5/10 Style:soft 4.Seven Days in the Sun is similar in style to Buck Rogers, but a little less exciting. On the other hand, there is an excellent epic-style part that more than makes up for it.Music:9/10 Lyrics:4/10 Style:rocky 5.We Can't Rewind is another average song like track 3, but a little rockier. Good lyrics too.Music:7/10 Lyrics:6/10 Style:average rock 6.Turn is a beautifully smooth song, gentle but powerfull at the same time.Music:8/10 Lyrics:8/10 Style:Smooth, soft 7.Choke's vocals remind me in parts of something by the pet shop boys, but it is a good punk-style song with a very rocky pre-chorus.Music:8/10 Lyrics:3/10 Style:Punk 8.Oxygen is the song that first caught my ear, although the appeal has worn off a little over time. Still, a nice sounding dark song with an epic chorus.Music:8/10 Lyrics:7/10 Style:dark, slow 9.Tell All Your Friends initially sounds quite course, but evolves into a nice song with a great pre chorus, although the chorus is a little too poppy. Music:7/10 Lyrics:5/10 Style:Epic/poppy/strange by turns 10.Under The Weather is quite a fun song with a nursery rhyme style rhythm to the verse - very uncomplicated and unsubtle throughout.Music:6/10 Lyrics:6/10 Style:rocky 11.Satelite News is the longest song on the album and sadly there is not much variation. A turn-wannabe.Music:6/10 Lyrics:8/10 Style:soft, ballad 12.Bug is an excellent way to go out, with an amazing guitar riff. It is the hardest song on the album, and is reminicent of older hard rock songs.Music:9/10 Lyrics:4/10 Style:hardish rock, great riff All in all a great album that I would reccomend - not the best i've heard but by no means the worst.
B000059HAI|5.0|I really like Fat Jo Tomas' cynical dig at the other movie of infamy starring those two pretty boys and a nurse.  Anyway, 'Tora! Tora! Tora!' is an interesting American film because it took account of both sides' perspective of the war, and its portrayal of the internal Japanese politics that led up to the attack was quite detailed for a Hollywood film.  You can almost bet that film of this calibre would not have been made in Hollywood today - too many marketing agents would be demanding changes to make it more palatable to the mass audience.  I first saw this film when I was a kid, and recently I saw this film again long after my graduation from university education as a history honours graduate.  I came to appreciate how much I missed when I first saw it as a kid.  That speaks loudly for the depth of this film.  <br />I now appreciate how reluctant the Japanese navy chiefs were about entering into a war with the Americans, and their disagreement with Tojo, who was portrayed in this film as an ultra-nationalist warmonger.  It reminds of another debate that took place between the Japanese navy and army over the question of whether they should invade Australia.  The navy argued that it should be invaded because the strategic value of Darwin as a naval base, while the army argued against it because of the logistic difficulty in defending a large country with their over stretched manpower.  It makes me appreciate the dominance of the Japanese army generals in the decision making process of war time Japan.  <br />'Tora!...' is also very emphathetic and detailed in its portrayal of the American perspective, especially the political intercourse between the military inteligence, military administration, diplomatic service and the presidential office.  It has probably missed other key historical details as well (such as the role of foreign allied intelligence), but for a film of this magnitude, you can be forgiving.<br />Finally there's enough action in this film to satisfythe hormonal instinct in us all, though that comes in the latter part of the film.  In fact 'Pearl Harbor' took some footages from 'Tora!...', which is a tribute to the quality of action footages in 'Tora!...'  <br />One of the many brilliant war films of 20th century ... alongside the likes of 'Glory', 'Stalingrad' and 'Das Boot'.
B00003CXN4|2.0|Given the complexity of the world's illegal drug trade, &quot;Traffic&quot; is a trickle of activity concerning drug trafficking between Tijuana, Mexico and The United States. It depicts a very accessible and obvious ladder of good and evil underworld hierarchy that includes South American drug cartels, a reluctant government informant right out of &quot;The Godfather&quot;, a United States drug czar who battles illegal global drug trade but can't stop it in his own home, and a Mexican drug task officer fighting corruption in his own ranks. In &quot;Traffic&quot;, the distinction between good guys and bad guys is obvious with little depth of character aside from either fighting or distributing drugs. The token drug addict here is so 'high', she behaves like a relic from the 1960s psychedelic scene, &quot;Far out man, I see colors!&quot;. The over-ridden action sequences are cliched drug smuggling bits of bullets and blow-ups less compelling than even an episode of TV's &quot;Miami Vice&quot;. There is a moral right-wing quaintness to &quot;Traffic&quot; that suggests we confront illegal drug use one pathetic addict at a time. Where serious answers lie to escalating drug use in America, we get instead an all encompassing theme that 'drugs are bad' laden in melodramatic trifle more akin to Joe Friday's &quot;Dragnet&quot; than it is to Hollywood's big drug statement. After nearly 2 1/2 hours of this tedious action and morality, I needed a Tylenol.
B00005JG6Q|5.0|For the sake of brevity, I'll begin with a single thought and then dwell upon the advantages of the new edition.<br />   First:  'Akira' is the finest piece of animation on either side of the pacific.  Its gritty realism, fluid motion, excellent sense of style and pace puts Western animation to shame.  Perhaps the best part is that, unlike Disney, 'Akira' assumes from the start that its audience is composed of intelligent adults.  It refuses to insult the viewer's intelligence with trite characters, hackneyed plots, or pop-culture humor.  The first, brutal, ten minutes of the film let the audience know that it refuses to seek out the lowest common demoninator.  No other anime film, much less western animation, has equalled it's unflinching love-it-or-hate-it style.<br />    That said, allow me to point out the two major advantages of the new film:<br />   First, the new translation is a joy to watch.  Scenes that were awkward and ill-considered before make much more sense, and lines that were out-of-place now fit the characters and pacing seamlessly.  We get a much better sense of Kaneda, Kei, and Ryu's characters, a better understanding of the Colonel's motivations, a few new jokes, and (most importantly) important scenes that didn't make sense in the first version are suddenly clear as day.  <br />   Second, the animation is sharp and crystal-clear.  To make a long description short:  I have never before watched a DVD film and conciously realized that the animation was better than the video version.  In the first thirty seconds of the film (the first Akira explosion) I was stunned at the minute clarity of the animation... a clarity the film never loses as it goes on.<br />   There is no guarantee that the viewer will enjoy the film, though.  Fans of traditional anime will find that it refuses to play by the same set of rules, and fans of Disney will be downright horrified.  But if you have the proper mindset to appreciate it's complex, nuanced plot and Kubrick-style hardball storytelling, you will be richly rewarded.
B00005BF9Z|1.0|A friend of mine gave me this junk as a birthday present and I must admit that this is one of the most terrible CD i own.I love world music but this man just can't sing.I had the bad impression to listen to the same song over and over again. Pure .... Moreover, the man tries in vain to speak french, spanish, english and i don't know why, but the result is just embarrassing. Try great albums like Pink Martini (\\"Sympathique\\"), Bebel gilberto(\\"Tanto Tiempo) but don't make the mistake to buy this awful piece of garbage.
B000000OAH|4.0|Although that is one of the titles.  &quot;Jazz&quot; easily qualifies as one of the better albums.  I heard &quot;Bicycle Race,&quot; &quot;Fat Bottomed Girls,&quot; and &quot;Don't Stop Me Now&quot; and almost instantaneously I was hooked like a stupid fish.  my personal favorites include &quot;Mustapha&quot; (an oddly mechanical song for the group;) &quot;Let Me Entertain You&quot; (a muy bueno rocker that could easily become a stripper's theme;) &quot;Dreamers Ball&quot; (a jazzy number with great &quot;guitar orchestration&quot;;) &quot;Fun It&quot; (possibly a Queen attempt at disco, and not a bad one at that;) and the final cut: &quot;More Of That Jazz&quot; (a very basic drum driven song with a mishmash of the previous songs.) All in all, one of the highpoints of their career.  Maybe not one of their best, but it qualifies.
0784011206|5.0|I've always been a big fan of this movie.  When I bought a DVD player, this was the first DVD I bought.  Now that I have a collection of DVDs it is still one of my favories.  The commentary by David Morrell is excellent.  Some commentary tracks are pretty dry, but Morrell's commentary is actually entertaining to listen to.
B000000OAN|5.0|No wonder it's a classic.  The songs kick ....  I know.  Some may think it's overly theatrical, but so is everythiing else for late Queen.  Some of the better tracks include \\"Death On Two Legs\\" (which is as hard of a rocker as they come, also a sequel to Flick Of The Wrist maybe;) \\"Lazing On A Sunday Afternoon\\" (which typefies Mercury's dandy style which is retraceable on \\"Delilah,\\" and \\"In The Lap Of The Gods\\";) \\"'39\\" (a sweet guitar based ballad about a world to come;) \\"Seaside Rendevous\\" (a cabaret song reminiscent of, well, \\"Cabaret\\";) \\"Love Of My Life\\" (a sweet pleading song thats piano-based;) \\"Good Company\\" (a May work reminiscent of the two earlier Mercury compositions, guess which ones.) and of course \\"Bohemian Rhapsody\\" (need I say more?)  If this wasn't nominated for a Grammy then I'll be *dashed.*  A true rock masterpiece worthy of being compared to Picasso, King (Stephen,) or Hepburn (Katharine.)
6305910103|4.0|This has always been my favorite of the Star Trek movies, and quality of the video on the DVD is the best I have ever seen this movie.  I would of liked to see more extra features.  With the Popularity of Star Trek you would think Paramount would have something extra to add.
0553062182|5.0|Before I read this book I mistakenly labeled all of my over-stimulated times as anxiety (though some over-stimulation can lead to anxiety for me!).  How wonderful to know I am not crazy (or going there) - nor am I alone in my high sensitivity.<br />This book is an honestly written, thoroughly researched, deeply felt look at high sensitivity from someone who has experienced this trait herself.<br />I was always told I was &quot;over-sensitive&quot; and believe me this was never a compliment.  I aggravated people (still do)! Sensitivity is rarely considered a strength.  I was relieved to discover, through this book, why and how I can be comfortable, content and even happy with who I am.<br />I did not read much of ch.9 about meds because, for me, it was N/A.  I have fibromyalgia and take Paxil because I do not get restorative sleep without help.  For those with fibromyalgia, it is imparitive that we get restful/restorative sleep, otherwise our symptoms are much more severe.<br />I absolutely ate up the first three chapters.  I was enthralled.  My mother picked this book up in the bookstore and handed it to me... she knows how sensitive I am and how much I have struggled through my 30 years of life.  When I saw the title I literally snatched it from her hands and exclaimed &quot;I am buying this one!&quot;  I knew instinctively this book was going to affect me greatly.  I was as right as I have ever been.  No one has ever explained me to me so well before!!!<br />I love that I now feel ok and even good about being sensitive.  I am a very sensitive person, emotionally, physically, spiritually... you name it.  I have often wished I would not care so much, but knew that I would be unhappy that way... though glad that I would not be hurt so much and often.<br />It has taken me many years to learn to live with the way I am.  I have limitations and that is ok. I rarely feel that I am missing out, though I know many people who think I limit myself and don't live life to the fullest.  I feel that I do.  Even though I deal with overstimulation EVERYDAY... I still do things and go out of my comfort zone often. It is hard... but I know I am a better person for it.<br />For me crowds, dr. visits, driving alone, traffic, loud music, sirens, and flashing lights are huge stimulants for me and I often close my eyes and/or plug my ears to get away.  Ms. Aron talks about this very thing in her book... the need for HSP's to have time alone.  Time to rest and deprogram from activity.<br />I believe I come from a family of HSP's and I intend to loan this book to many of my family and friends.  I think it is important that people are aware of HSP's and the way we are different from non-HSP's.  No one is superior or inferior here... just different and we should celebrate our differences.   <br />My husband and I have a unique relationship.  I am HSP and he is ADD and this makes for a very very interesting mix and some interesting cross purposes and ways of living.  He thrives on activity and marginal chaos and I am worn down by it!!!  Thankfully he is moderately sensitive and I am sensitive to his needs and have read about adult ADD and can understand some of why he is the way he is... so we are able to make things work.<br />Anyway!!!  The Highly Sensitive Person is a must read for everyone.  Those who are HSP, moderately HSP, those who live with HSP's, work with HSP's, have HSP friends or are just plain curious should read this book! I highly recommend it. This book is phenominal and unfortunately rare for this subject.  This subject needs to be investigated and researched further!!!
B00000DFSK|4.0|This compilation has the most for any fan. It's got the old-school favorites like Sunday Bloody Sunday and I Will Follow, two of U2's finest and earlier songs, reminiscent of the Live at Red Rocks Video. These two, along with Pride (In the Name of Love) and New Year's Day will get  fan belting out the lyrics with Bono and fingering the imaginary guitar along with The Edge. The CD also moves on to include 80's hits from The Joshua Tree such as the anthem-inspiring Where the Streets Have No Name and With or Without You, a hauntingly slow song which begins with a simple drum beat and Edge's signature guitar, and then builds up to an amazing climax. Add a couple more hits and releases from the years, and it's a plus CD. In short, for anyone who has been making mix U2 tapes ever since they remember- now you don't have to. This CD is a definite regular in my disc changer.
B000001EAQ|5.0|THIS ALBUM JUST CAM OUT WAY BEFORE ITS TIME. IT SOLD MILLIONS IN EUROPE BUT NORTH AMERICANS JUST DIDNT GET IT. THEY WERENT INTO THE TECHNO STAGE YET. NOW IF YOU READ CUSTOMER REVIEWS THEY RAVE AND RANT ABOUT HOW GOOD POP IS. GOOD WORKS OF ART ARE APPRECIATED AFTER THIER TIME HAS PASSED AND POP ISNT JUST GOOD ITS EXCELLENT. A MUST BUY FOR EVERY ONE.
B00005O3VC|5.0|Columbia's first DVD release of this Python classic was quite disappointing, but now they are setting things straight.<br />Disc One: -&quot;21st Anniversary&quot; cut of the film running an extra 24 seconds; -Anamorphic Widescreen;  -Dolby 5.1 track;  -Original Mono Track; -Audio commentary with Terry Gilliam, Terry Jones, John Cleese, Eric Idle and Michael Palin;  -subtitles &quot;for people who don't like the film&quot; (you get the text from Shakespeare's Henry IV instead);  -an &quot;on-screen screenplay&quot; feature which lets you read the screenplay as you watch the film;  -&quot;Follow the Killer Rabbit&quot; feature;<br />Disc Two: &quot;Three Mindless Sing-Alongs&quot;;  -&quot;The Quest for the Holy Grail Locations&quot; featurette;  -&quot;How to Use Your Coconuts&quot; educational film;  -&quot;Monty Python and the Holy Grail in Japanese&quot; (with English subtitles);  -the BBC Film Night special &quot;On Location with the Pythons;  -an interactive cast directory;  -still galleries with Terry Gilliam's original sketches and behind-the-scenes photos;  -&quot;A Load Of Rubbish&quot; with mystery items;  -unused ideas and other material;  -two trailers and weblinks;
B00005AR3G|5.0|This movie is really cool and funny. Unlike many movies, this has no soppy, mushy parts, just downright comedy, with a beautiful plot!
B000008COG|5.0|Although this is not Back in Black, it is still AC/DC.  I find myself listening to this CD more and more.  Heatseeker is definatly the hit of the album, but it is full of great songs. Kissin' Dynamite and Go Zone are very catchy tunes that have lyrics you can sing to. Meanstreak has the best guitar riffs of the whole album, I find myself air guitaring to all the time.  Some Sin For Nuthin' is another awesome song with a good story and good hard rock and roll.  Two's up is my favorite of the whole album, but with difficult to understand lyrics.  My over all review is this is a great album, nobody should give it one star.  Listen to the cd it is great.
B00000JCOV|5.0|This is it. The real deal for heavy metal fans. This band has 9 people in it, 9 of the best muscians i have ever heard. They are THE most creative and melodic bands i have ever heard. If you're an all-out heavy metal fan and u dont have this, then u should go get it. BUT if u dont like heavy metal, then dont get this cd.
B00005214X|5.0|When you're surrounded by the two greatest geniouses in the history of popular music, it's almost impossible to show the world you're also a genious. So George Harrison, while being in the best band in the world, had to suffer a kind of isolation in his songwriting. He even got his legendary nickname &quot;dark horse&quot; out of this unfair discrimination. But even getting two songs per album, he managed to offer a couple of jewels into our ears. <br />By 1970, the always-growing egos of Lennon and McCartney finally broke up the band, thus leaving Harrison the opportunity to show himself and the world his real talents. Everyone has choice, and he took it. He recluted Phil Spector (who had built &quot;Let It Be&quot;, that last Beatles album collected from the mountain of tapes that had been left after the &quot;Get Back&quot; sessions, and also co-produced the first three John Lennon/Plastic Ono Band singles and the album of the same title the same year) to work with him as a producer, and brought to the table only &quot;a part&quot; of the high mountain of songs he had collected during his years while with The Beatles. Some friends (Ringo Starr, Eric Clapton, Klaus Voorman) and another guest stars (Gary Brooker, Badfinger, Ginger Baker, Billy Preston and Phil Collins) helped building the songs and bringing them onto shape. The resultant work is the triple vinyl &quot;All Things Must Pass&quot;, which was a huge seller around the world, and converted George Harrison into the best-selling solo Beatle of the four after the break-up.<br />And there were more than enough reasons for this enormous success. Spector's accurate way of producing built an adequate basis to an enormously qualified group of Harrisongs... The album passes through all of the guitarist's influences. Religious oriental music can be found on songs like the million-seller &quot;My Sweet Lord&quot;, the polemic &quot;Awaiting On You All&quot;, the touching &quot;Beware Of Darkness&quot;, the painfully sung &quot;Hear Me Lord&quot;, which can be heard as a chant made by George praying for his life to get a little better. Country music with great parts of slide guitar is found on &quot;Behind That Locked Door&quot;; blues appears with its jamming guitars on &quot;I Dig Love&quot;; George shines playing acoustic, mouth organ and electric on the gorgeous fan-directed &quot;Apple Scruffs&quot; (yes... &quot;we're all Apple Scruffs&quot;), as he does with the lovely ballads, such as the haunting opener &quot;I'd Have You Anytime&quot;, the tender love anthem &quot;If Not For You&quot; (both co-written with Bob Dylan), and the highly well arranged orchestral rocker &quot;Let It Down&quot;. You can also hear samplers of great sardonic lyrical moments by Hari, such as &quot;Wah-Wah&quot; (a rocker which is seen by many as a song written for his ex-bandmate John and his wife Yoko), &quot;Run Of The Mill&quot; (a wonderful but ironic ballad with amazing lyrics, supossedly directed to Paul McCartney) and &quot;Isn't It A Pity&quot;, song that appears in two completely different versions, and is seen by many as George's own manifesto about what happened earlier that year. &quot;What Is Life&quot; shines as maybe the greatest symphonic rock ballad ever, while &quot;The Ballad Of Sir Frankie Crisp (Let It Roll)&quot;, shows the humoristic side of George Harrison (SFC formerly was the owner of Friar Park, Harrison's magnificent house, and had a strange personality), &quot;All Things Must Pass&quot; was yet another Beatles left-over, and is a thrilling ballad which can make you chill, and &quot;Art Of Dying&quot; features the hardest-rocking solo Beatles song ever, with interesting and intriguing lyrics. <br />That kind of group of songs was something that couldn't be seen since the Beatles' albums. But to make everyone happy, George decided to release yet another disc with this album, in which we could see the development of the sessions themselves, as they were an amazing joint of very well-prepared music... So the &quot;Apple Jam&quot; is what we can see on disc 3.<br />The audio quality of the CD set first released in 1987 played against Spector's producing and Harrison's singing. So this urgently needed remixing, and it was done late 2000, with amazing results... If the sound improvements (vocals sound much clearer now, and we can appreciate almost every instrument used in each song) are not enough for you to buy the album, probably &quot;I Live For You&quot; (a never-released track from the original sessions, which is a haunting ballad with a little overdubbing done lately) will make it. As a curiosity, the album also features different versions of &quot;Let It Down&quot; and &quot;Beware Of Darkness&quot; (both with George on acoustic), a different mix of &quot;What Is Life&quot; (instrumental) and the latest showcase of Harrison's singing, the new version of the classic &quot;My Sweet Lord&quot;, which can only be appreciated if you don't compare it to the original. Plus, the packaging, with the always-changing coloured cover (which shows the &quot;evolution&quot; of the world... it begins clean in front of the box and ends filled with buildings and highways in the booklet), the original cover featured as a picture inside the booklet, and liner notes by George himself, is another highlight.<br />Furthermore, the best reason to re-buy this album if you already own it (or to buy it if you haven't heard it), is because this is by far the best solo album ever released by any of The Beatles. Neither the rock and roll poet John Lennon nor the pop master Paul McCartney could ever reunite a set of such powerful songs as this one. This shows that George was more than a &quot;dark horse&quot;... He was a genious in the shadows, taking his choice to illuminate all our lives with splendid music. He did it through this record, which is surrounded by an emotional and deep set of lyrics and well-arranged music. Take your choice with it.
B00000JPH0|5.0|This was one of the best war movies I ever saw. The action was great and I did not even mind the sub-titles. The weapons and equipment were real, I especially got a joy at seeing the Tokarev SVT's. Highly recommended.
6300267997|5.0|I love this film.  Kris and Barbara are excellent.  I don't know why so many reviewers pan the music - I've always felt it was excellent.  From the opening scene of Kris ready for rehab falling out of a limo, late for a concert it moves well.  I love the concert at sun devil stadium in arizona and the singing.<br />I always heard that they initially wanted Elvis for this project.  Kris was perfect in this roll.  Wish it was on DVD - I'd buy it for my collection.<br />Trust me, this is a great film.  A must see.
6305837325|1.0|This was a most frustrating DVD. It had one feature I have been searching for on an ocean recording--that of being able to isolate the ocean sounds from the music on a separate track. Most oean videos do not allow you to separate the surf sounds from the music. But this DVD does! But how disappointing to find jiggling artifacts on the waves in most scenes. Almost a strobe effect. And watching it was certainly not a relaxing experience, the main purpose of a mood video.
B00005J6UP|5.0|This movie is a nonstop fun ride from the moment it begins. The characters are wonderful and the story is awesome. I have seen this movie countless times and I can't wait for the DVD. The extras look great! <br />The basic story line is about several teens looking for a pirate treasure so they can stop the evil owners of a country club from buying out their house; but, on the way they run into an escaped convict and his family and are then followed by them. <br />Buy this movie; I know you won't regret it!
B00005B0FN|5.0|I think that this version of oops! I did it again is so cool because it has a 15 track cd(including bouns tracks)plus it has a version of don't let me be the last two know european maxi version (two mixes of DLMBTLTK and to prevously unreleased mixes of britneys third single stronger) plus and enhanced cd that has all four of britneys videos. Plus it has a really cool slipcase that tops it all off! GREAT CD!
B00005JG6Q|2.0|To be honest, I think this is seriously over-rated. Perhaps I just expected too much from it, but I didn't really enjoy it that much. Once I got into it I started to enjoy it, but I still wouldn't call it a masterpiece. The animation was good, as was the overall picture quality but I just couldn't see what the fuss was about. I'm just glad I didn't pay the extra for the Limited Edition Tin.
B00005NKCM|5.0|I loved this show in the 70s and the reruns in the 90s.  My parents and I would watch it together.  I've long awaited its release on DVD and soon my parents and I will enjoy it again in absolute pristine quality!  I'm very pleased.<br />A note on the program --<br />The characters were so vivid: they felt very real, almost as if you knew them.  The scripting seems to be faithful to the time period.  This show can't even spell cheesy.
6304711891|4.0|The plot of the Rock is fairly simple as a general played by Ed Harris seeks compensation for the solders whom have died throughout several of his missions. In order to get compensation the general and his army occupy Alcatraz and point rockets carrying a lethal chemical toward San Fransisco. Sean Connery plays the man who escaped from Alcatraz years ago and must guide Nicolas Cage who plays a chemical weapons specialist back in to the prison, to disarm the weapons. There are several stars playing smaller rolls of soldiers in this movie, which make it interesting to point them all out. The movie is more of a suspense movie, with a car chase and some action thrown in. Something that most people will miss in this movie is the beautiful cinematography, the angles and the movement of the camera makes it so much more dramatic in the suspenseful parts. The only DVD feature is the theatrical trailer.
0783226063|5.0|THIS VERSION OF DUNE DIRECTED BY DAVID LYNCH IS THE BEST VERSION OF DUNE EVER MADE. THIS VERSION OF DUNE HAS A GREAT ALL-STAR CAST WITH LEGENDARY ACTORS KYLE MACLACHLAN, PATRICK STEWART, JOSE FERARE, STING, AND MANY MORE FAMOUS ACTORS TOO NUMEROUS TO LIST. THIS VERSION HAS GREAT ACTING, GREAT DIRECTING, GREAT EARIE MUSIC THAT IS PERFECT FOR SETTING THE MOOD, LOTS OF ACTION, THE STORY MOVES AT A PERFECT PACE SO IT NEVER GETS TIRED OR DULL, IT IS A TREMENDOUS AMOUNT OF FUN TO WATCH. THIS MOVIE HAS INCREDBLE SPECIAL EFFECTS THAT ARE BREATH TAKING AND SPECTACULAR. THE STORY IS GREAT AND WELL TOLD. THIS VERSION OF DUNE IS THE BEST VERSION MADE, IT IS A MILLION TIMES BETTER THAN FRANK HERBERTS VERSION WHICH WAS DULL BORING AND DRAWN OUT AND WAS LIKE A BAD B-MOVIE. THIS DAVID LYNCH VERSION IS GREAT, A LOT OF FUN AND THE BEST VERSION EVER. I HIGHLY RECOMEND THIS DAVID LYNCH VERSION OF DUNE. THIS MOVIE IS SO GREAT THAT IT SHOULD BE IN EVERY SC-FI FANS COLLECTION. EVERYONE WHO LIKES GREAT MOVIES TOO SHOULD HAVE THIS IN THERE COLLECTION. THIS IS SCI-FI AT ITS BEST. THIS DVD IS IN THE WIDESCREEN FORMAT, THE PICTURE QUALITY IS SPECTACULAR, THE SOUND QUALITY IS INCREDIBLE, IT CONTAINS THE ORIGINAL TRAILER. I HOPE THAT SOMEDAY UNIVERSAL STUDIOS WILL RELEASE THE LONG VESION OF DAVID LYNCH'S DUNE WITH ALL THE EXTRA SCENES. THAT WOULD MAKE A PERFECT DVD.
0788811355|1.0|If anyone has ever seen that episode of 'Seinfeld' where Elaine went to see the English Patient, that is how I felt about this worthlessly dull film. The entire time I was watching it, it was like, &quot;Shut up about the plane and die already!&quot; I mean, if a movie is going to be this long, it should at least be interesting, but it's like watching some long, melo-dramatic soap opera where it will NEVER end. I can't believe THIS won 'Best Picture.' 1996 must have been a bad year for movies, cause my college film slides that we gotta take notes over are more interesting than this. My advice: Waste your three hrs. doing something else. If your totally set on drama, watch 'Saving Private Ryan' or 'The Crying Game.' Now those are good movies!
0380817683|3.0|This is the first book that I've read by Marian Keyes.  I do love her sense of humour.  From the first chapter she had me hooked...and laughing.  We meet Rachel who is a party girl looking for a good time.  She has no idea that her drug problem is more than just recreational and that she is wreaking havoc on the lives of everyone.  She is whisked off to a rehabilitation centre called the Cloisters and is fighting her drug addiction with every breath.  Denial is her only defense.<br />It is through Rachel's point of view that this story is told.  We see the others in the Cloisters who have come there seeking help and the people in her life that have stayed with her throughout her ordeal.  There are truly some laugh out loud moments in this book and some serious ones as well. It was interesting and yet entertaining to see Rachel go into treatment with one attitude and come out the other side with a new lease on life.  Hooray Rachel, welcome to the adult world where problems lurk around every corner and life treats you to the most unexpected holiday.
0553288105|3.0|like meny of azimov's books it starts very slowly but builds speed as it progresses down the paths of two universes intertwined by the need for more energy. a tale of overwelming powers that are to blind to see that destruction might come to there world. an advanture in saving the world all wraped in one book. if your willing to read the slow start its well worth the wait
0380730367|5.0|I have read and enjoyed so many detective series during the past 15 years or so, e.g. Block's Scudder, J. Kellerman's Delaware, F Kellerman's Decker, Connelly's Bosch...... They were all fine, but I always found they started to fade when they went into their third or fourth installment. Lehaine's Kenzie is completely different, but you have to start from the first book to get the whole picture.  The characters developed throughout the five books (so far). The plots in these 5 books are not exactly flawless, but that is not my major concern, I was sucked into their universe so I cared  more about the characters development.  And Lehaine writes so beautifully that one day his works should be labeled &quot;literature&quot;.
B000002KAT|5.0|In my opinion, ASTRAL WEEKS is a true work of art. This is a classic album for people who enjoy hearing Van Morrison when he was a young, brooding, evocative, and amazingly soulful Irish poet/musician. Astral Weeks may be slightly uneven, but almost every track is powerful and creative. My favorite songs are Astral Weeks, Sweet Thing, and Cyprus Avenue. Ballerina and Madame George are also exceptional.<br />ASTRAL WEEKS is an beautiful expression of the psychedelic era's spirituality, and the work showcases the emerging talent and creativity of Van Morrison. MOONDANCE is undoubtedly easier to listen to and his perfect tour de force, but ASTRAL WEEKS is worth owning to follow the evolution of the highly talented Mr. Van Morrison. ASTRAL WEEKS is certainly one of my favorite albums ever, and highly recommended if you're willing to look a little deeper than just background music.
0783240287|4.0|Okay, yeah they glitz up the play rather more than I'd like, and yeah I'd question some of the costuming decisions (is it REALLY necessary to keep Donny 3/4 naked through 3/4 of the play?) but this is still my favorite musical, the one that introduced me to musical theater, and I won't quarrel with FINALLY having a version I can watch. Despite the drawbacks, Donny is great, the Narrator holds her own, and over-all the video delivers on a fun time, especially for those already familiar with the play or the music. Just be sure to check it first before playing for the kids
B00000AD94|4.0|Starting with the cover artwork, which is done in a very 70's style, to the production that makes the album sound like the classic prog generation, this album gathers most of the elements that made such bands like King Crimson, Yes and Genesis great. Vocal harmonies are strong, and the music very colourful and complex. It really gets close to classic Yes and Gabriel-era Genesis, but they include enough original musical ideas to develop a sound of their own that makes the lengthy tracks a very enjoyable experience. It's really incredible that this Spock's Beard first official album. They surely sound like really seasoned veterans!<br />Fans of such bands like Genesis, Yes, Kansas and King Crimson will find this CD very pleasant to their demanding ears.
B00003CXTG|3.0|If you take this as a peice of historical works then you will be greatly disappointed because the heart and soul of the movie is the love affair.  Its is more of the effects of the attack a particular group of soldiers and nurses, not the attack on a large scale.  If you can put aside how much different it is from what was in the history book, you can enjoy the movie, if not, then you have to get an actual documentary.  Its a Love Story not a War Movie
B000003BEM|5.0|This is a great album, and personally it's my favorite Stones album. If you want to hear the stones at their best, buy this album. Many say that this album, (which followed &quot;Their Satanic Majesties Request,&quot; a much weaker album), forshadowed the great albums to come for the Stones. However, I believe that this album is their peak. &quot;Sympathy for the Devil&quot; is one of their greatest songs. I also love &quot;Prodigal Son.&quot; The acoustic, delta blues tracks on this album are great. This is one of the greatest albums of all time, (I'd put it behind The Beatles' best). But I would recommend this album for any Beatle fan, or any other fan for that matter, looking for a great album because this is, in my opinion, the Stones' best album.
0767835255|1.0|Compared to '97's other action smashes Con Air and Tommorow Never Dies , this meandering nonsense is the definable example of studio overbearing.It's slightly better than Face/Off maybe,but it still very poor.The action itself is slow moving and uninvolving,and nothing that hasn't been done ten times better and to more exciting effect in earlier highjack features like Passenger 57 and Under Siege.Harrison Ford is nauseatingly mundane,routine in his leading man role,doing the usual mumbling act he's done in previous action roles.He's showing his age really badly too (but he still should have got the role as Jack Ryan in The Sum of All Fears instead of Ben Affleck,dagnammit!)Meanwhile,Gary Oldman is laughably OTT as the rashan terrorist ,while Glen Close and William H. Macy are totally wasted in their roles.The story itself is completely unbelievable and insults the viewer's intelligence beyond breaking point.For one example out of many others,in one scene,Ford uses a mobile phone to make contact with Close and we all know that in real life,this would cause the plane to crash.And towards the end,it doesn't half drag on like anything,just when I thought this dire mess was coming to and end,it just went on more and more until I was close to just turning it off and walking out.For an impressive instance of Ford's action man status,check out his turns as Jack Ryan in Clear and Present Danger and Patriot Games.And sign a petition to get him as the lead in the new film,not Aptless Affleck.
1567184855|5.0|Simply: if the research and case studies are true; this book could be one of the most important books ever written on the subject. If the research is not true, then many have been duped!
0962477060|5.0|Just a quick note. I have been playing the guitar 15 odd years on a casual level and was getting frustrated that no bigger picture was coming to me about where what notes were and so forth. I was consistently scared of any fret higher than the 5th and when I tried to practice scales in an attempt to get to play more advanced stuff I always gave it up. The task just seemed too big. The result was that I never really practiced as such, I just played what I knew. <br />I have owned Mr. Edwards' book for a little over a year now and my life has changed. I now practice every day and have a renewed interest in the instrument which I have come to realize is really  very logical after all. I can actually play a solo now, something that was unthinkable before! I had bought a number of books before that but either they were too simple or boring or I didn't have the basics down so I couldn't benefit from them. That, too, has changed. If the description above fits you and especially if the CAGED system is foreign to you then give it a try and, if you can, cancel all appointments a week ahead. You'll be glad you did! Peace,<br />Casper
0486282112|5.0|First, don't buy this if you expect to read a scary horror story. It's also not exactly science fiction since the details of the monster's creation are left out..<br />However, this book is still clearly a classic. It's amazing to think it was written 200 years ago by a 19-year-old woman. The themes are as fresh today as they must have been novel when the book was written.<br />The primary theme, in my opinion, is whether the monster is to be considered a human. This topic is seen in the debate over cloning. Secondly, Shelley puts forth the notion that the monster is inherently kind &amp; caring but is driven to evil by society's obsession with outward appearance.<br />I agree with other reviewers who say that information is left out. I was puzzled as to how the monster learned to speak so well in such a short amount of time. The issues of food &amp; clothing are also in question. However, looking at the larger themes involved, these details are minimal and do not detract from the story..
6304711883|4.0|The year following Braveheart, Mel Gibson starred in this Ron Howard-directed action-packed movie, where he plays the role of a media mogul whose kid gets kidnapped. The plot evolves around all the corageous moves he takes to try and get his son back.<br /> For those who enjoyed the &quot;Lethal Weapon&quot; series, this movie will be a perfect match.
0060392886|5.0|I read this book in 2 days, and believe me it's a big book, and damn, I was blown away! I've been a Crue fan for a couple of years now, and let's face it we've all seen the Behind The Music Special, well this book covers about 80% more not told in the show. From Vince's loss, to Nikki's addictions and stupidity, to Tommy being Tommy (the ultimate &quot;Dude&quot;), to Mick's secret, this book is great.<br />Just like Aerosmith's Walk This Way (another great autobiography) this is highly recommended, but unlike Walk This Way, The Dirt is jam packed with photos, articles, and other stuff to crude to mention.  I think the parts I enjoyed the most about the book were Mick's, because he's always been the secretive guy in the group, and you'd never expect all the things he's been through.<br />So when you're through reading this review, do yourself a favor and grab yourself a copy. You won't regret it.
B00003CX95|5.0|After the Mad Max and the Lethal Weapon series, and a very funny co-starring of Maverick with Jodie Foster, Mel Gibson brought this brilliant movie to life as director and actor.<br /> The movie revolves around the epic character of William Wallace, a man who led the Scottish in their struggle against the English. Filled with love and battles, there are very few movie endings that remain so strong in my memory.<br /> To top things, Gibson brought on board thousand wars veteran James Horner to put together a unique soundtrack to go with the story.<br /> You can't get it wrong. This is one of history's most beautiful and heroic tales.
B00005LB50|4.0|Stampede is the right word for the career and produktion of this group. Some material is fantastic and the group had lots of potential. But when B.S. started recording (just read the biogr.) from day one its members sabotaged the proces. For selfish reasons (Stills/Young). Even the first album was victim of bad produktion and cannot stand in the shadow of the first Moby Grape album. I know I am standing on some-ones toes now! Yes B.S. had the potential but sadly it never really convincingly came to surface (its potential is only visible for people who make a study of Rock-history). This band got a lot of sympathy because of its good intentions and a few marvelous tracks. But this is not enough to say that this group was so important. Claims that Moby Grape 'stole' their style are laughable if you compare some of B.S. recordings with M.G. recordings of earlier date. In my opinion B.S. 'stole' much more sounds from M.G. Just listen how some tracks begin and listen then to some track from early M.G. material. Also superior is the produktion and tightness of M.G. Therefore it is even more tragic that B.S. didn't develop into a professional outfit. I think a lot of sympathy from back then survived and created this aura of a 'forgotten'pre-supergroup. This blurrs often the truth. And if you'd be mean you'd say &quot;where they really that good?&quot; B.S.-members now claim that &quot;Last-time arround&quot; is not in- cluded in the box-set because it was not a &quot;group-effort&quot;. Yet we can read in every biography that all 3 albums have been recorded not in real team-work. Only before recording the 1st songs, during live performances the B.S. acted as a group. By the way I don't think that the mono-version of the 1st album is that good. Mr.Soul (a great track) has also strange holes in it that create steeples in an otherwise driven rythem (Satisfaction?). This is also due to bad produktion/musical insights. A lot of material is like that wich in itself is ok but when a real swinging track like Mr.Soul starts playing, B.S. managed again to turn this song too much into the same colour as their other songs. Too much breaking the drive of an otherwise exellent song with out of place soundeffects. Things like that have been done much better by Hendrixx and Pink Floyd. Again I'm saying that the Buffalo Springfield were an outstanding group that could have been 'Great'. But I think it is also true that this box-set is not good. And this group kept itsself from flying into big heights, therefore all the hails and praises are in my view exaggerated. The tragedy of it all is that it could have been different if they had had the right management/producers and less competition between Stills/Young.n a real swinging track like Mr.Soul starts playing, B.S. managed again to turn this song too much into the same colour as their other songs. Too much breaking the drive of an otherwise exellent song with out of place soundeffects. Things like that have been done much better by Hendrixx and Pink Floyd. Again I'm saying that the Buffalo Springfield were an outstanding group that could have been 'Great'. But I think it is also true that this box-set is not good. And this group kept itsself from flying into big heights, therefore all the hails and praises are in my view exaggerated. The tragedy of it all is that it could have been different if they had had the right management/producers and less competition between Stills/Young.
6305508550|5.0|This has got to be one of the finest films ever made - I mean really. Jennifer Aniston's finest work - no question.  She should have stayed on this track instead of torturing us with FRIENDS. Gary Cole..unbelievable - Lumburgh we love to hate you. Why didn't this win an Academy Award? I have no idea.. If you have ever worked for a dot-com or other disfunctional organization, have had daily birthday cake breaks with all the other office-freaks - this will leave you laughing - and laughing hard. Some dear friends of mine and I make daily references to 'I don't like talking about my flair (Aniston) ' and ' yeah, great (Cole)'.  Thank you for making this fine piece of hilariousness.  Don't 'jump to conclusions'-- just rent this puppy - STAT. AND, one more thing..the DVD capability of being able to jump from scene to scene...well, it's just greaaat.
B00005B4GU|5.0|I bought Amnesiac not knowing any of the hype that had been generated by critics about the return to guitar mixed with Kid A electronica. All I know is I loved this album from beginning to end. The genious of it is what makes it great, not necessarily each individual song. As long as there are no bands making this kind of music, all Radiohead albums will be great because of their uniqueness. <br />The first track is very dance-oriented, sort of like Kid A's opener. It is very catchy and very layered with sounds. The lyrics are repetitve but catchy, \\"I'm a reasonable man, get off my case\\" Good Song.<br />\\"Pyramid Song\\" is a great tune. The Piano intro with the wispy sounds of wind in the background make for a great background for the verse, which has great lyrics about heaven and the great beyond.  For those of you that think this song is \\"out of time,\\" I figured out that the song is in 4/4 time with a 16 bar melody.  (very standard form) But it's the rhythm of the melody that makes the time ambiguous.  When the drums come in with the bass, it changes the whole feel into this funky, trippy piano groove. This song makes you think deeply. It's beautiful.<br />\\"Pulk/Pull Revolving Doors\\" is my favortie track, despite the reactions of many others. It is infectious and scary but very clever. You can move to the beat and the distorted talking lyrics are very interesting. The high-pitched noises in the background are what make it creepy and alien-like. I love when the incessant beat stops for a measure or two for the piano interlude and then comes right back BOOM!. Great song.<br />\\"You and Whose army\\" has an old-school feel to it and it has cool lyrics. <br />The rest of the songs are also interesting but I'm sick of typing. \\"Dollars and Cents\\" is really good. It has a good groove and the vocals are really clever and melodic. <br />The Morning Bell/Amnesiac rendition of the great Kid A song, \\"Morning Bell\\" (which never got a lot of credit but was the best song on Kid A) isworth listening to. I prefer the Kid A version better but the comparison is cool because they switch to 4/4 time instead of 5/4 and the chord changes are more eerie and totally change the way the vocals sound even though the vocals are pretty much left untouched.<br />This album is a must have for any fan of modern music, not just Radiohead fans. There are only a handful of good rock bands making clever music with musical content out there and radiohead is one of them, along with guys like Incubus, Dave Matthews, David Gray, Foo Fighters, Queens of the Stone Age, etc. Go buy it now, dont download all the tracks and burn it. Radiohead albums are worth the money and you might as well support the music.
B000005HLV|5.0|While I love all of Mayhem's work,  \\"De Mysteriis Dom Sathanus\\" is  definitely their most famous studio offering. This album was written  with their former lead singer Dead  but his '91 suicide made his  participation impossible. Still,  four of these tracks turned up on  the only official Mayhem with Dead  cd, \\"Live In Leipzig\\". The evil  guitarist Euronymous and the  awesome drummer Hellhammer bring  vocalist Attila, and he's fine.  Raw power, scathing insights and  undeniable evil that has always  defined Mayhem is present on this  disc, making it an essential  purchase for anyone interested in  black metal. Such no-holds-barred  cuts as 'Funeral Fog', 'Freezing  Moon', 'Life Eternal', 'Pagan  Fears' and the horrifying title  track all are first-rate classics,  proving that even the post-Dead  Mayhem had the goods. Absolutely  brilliant is all I can say. Sadly,  this would be Mayhem's final album  with founder/ leader/visionary  Euronymous, who was murdered even  before the record was (finally)  released. The back of the cd cover  says \\"A Tribute To Euronymous\\", &  one can hardly think of a more  true one. While Mayhem's current  guitarist Blasphemer is indeed a  better musician, and certainly  original/current lead vocalist  Maniac is by far a greater  vocalist, and original/current  bassist Necrobutcher is endlessly  superior to the bass player here  (Euronymous's killer-- the bass  lines were NOT, in fact, redone by  Hellhammer)\\"De Mysteriis\\" has a  slight edge over all of Mayhem's  other masterworks because it  defined not only an era but a  genre.
B000002H6C|5.0|First of all, the album in all honesty doesn't have the best production.  However it has some of the best songs of all time on it.  If you can look past the bad production, then you begin to realize what this album has to offer.  The more I listened to this album, the more it grew on me until the point where it became my favorite album of all time.  All the songs have strenghs that help them stay in your mind.  This is Metallica writing music at their best.
630382336X|5.0|This movie is great. I am 15 &amp; just love it. I will say some of it is a little oudated, but thats because it was made in 64, &amp; for that time this was a awsome movie. This movie is too cool &amp; is a classic. One of my favorites.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|...my eyes fill with tears remembering the passion this work of art awakened in me.  I went to this film because I was dragged into it by my friends.  I was the last one out of the theater because I did not want it to end, and all I feel now is sadness because I miss it, like I would miss the sight of a Holy Angel come down to prove that Heaven exists only to leave me behind on earth yearning to see her again.
B00004RF97|5.0|This 60-year-old film is better than 99.999% of so-called movies released in the past decade. Seen in a drop-dead gorgeous print on DVD, the perfectly played comedy of Grant, Hepburn, Stewart and company gives as good a two hours of entertainment as you will find anywhere. Not only do the story and production hold up after a dozen viewings, you'll begin to see new things every time: for instance, I just noticed this week that there's a tremendous story of painful self-discovery under Hepburn's sophisticated comedy, and lots of class-struggle innuendos under Stewart's and Hussey's. If you don't yet own this DVD, order it immediately. Cannot recommend any movie more highly; this is perfection.
B000005IRG|5.0|This album confused a friend of mine. I drove a punk rock fanatic, crazy about bouncing off the walls in a sugar-induced stupor to about everyone from punk revolutionaries like the Ramones and the Sex Pistols, all the way down to Pittsburgh punk locals, from a local university to our hometown a few weeks ago. Knowing my usual Beatles or Dylan would upset him; I thought that this CD, which I had been savoring for weeks, might make the ride bearable for the both of us. \\"Punk rock?,\\" he asked, \\"This doesn't sound punk at all!\\" And I suppose, by his definition, it is not very \\"punk,\\" although, Television were four, sneering, young men in the New York City punk scene long before it had a name and a definition, entangling the two forever and despite Marquee Moon being released at the same time as albums such as the Sex Pistols' Nevermind the Bullocks Here's the Sex Pistols and both the Ramones' and the Clash's respective self-entitled debuts, which put punk rock on the map as the new loud, raw rebellious rock and roll tailored to a angry, disenfranchised youth, Television completely did their own thing. They were not interested in writing anthems or being confrontational. Tom Verline and company were interested in constructing melodic, introspective, interesting songs speaking more about feelings and emotions rather than concrete subjects. The anguish and lost hope in Torn Curtain hit the listener upside the head without naming what exactly to be upset at. What's more, Tom Verlaine and Richard Loyd were guitar monsters who would be selling themselves short if they stripped their songs down to three chords and two minutes, despite how uncool their peers made it to show any technical talent, so instead they developed, clean, driven guitar duals, leading the band into clear-cut, electric wave lengths of songs lasting as long or as short a time as needed to do justice. The title track is more than ten, unforgettable minutes. Also, as much as the influence of punk forefatherssuch as the Velvet Underground and  the New York Dolls is in Marquee Moon, they were also obviously as interested in the established rock superstars, their peers rallied against such as Neil Young and the Rolling Stones. (See No Evil and Prove It are riff rockers that would do Keith Richards pound) No, this is not the vicious; adrenaline drunk punk my friend relished in. A strongly talented and creative band that listened to their instincts like this one is what plain, old rock and roll was made for and this album stands among the best rock and roll classics.
B000002HGD|4.0|Before Play was released and people found out the existence of electro music's recent prince , Moby had recorded Everything Is Wrong . This 1995 album includes a beautifull artwork with melancholic photos of the artist swimming underwater ( his face almost looks like a mask on the cover ). The songs too have somehow the sense of waves in their sound . Ethereal instrumental tracks like &quot; Hymn &quot; and &quot; God Moving Over The Face Of Waters &quot; are simply angelic while equally atmospheric are &quot; Into The Blue &quot; and &quot; When It's cold i'd like to die &quot; where he cooperates with Hugo Largo's Mimi Goese . Finally , &quot; Feeling So Real &quot; and &quot; Everytime You Touch Me &quot; are pure dance perfection . Overall , Everything Is Wrong is so full of energy and ideas that you get the impression this is a prodigy kid's debut . It's not though . It's the second record by the genius vegeterian musician who ,besides a great future ahead of him , has a great record past too.
0738203335|5.0|For those interested in the origins of free software and Linux, this is a great book to read on. It describes chronologically all the people that became involved in the developing of linux operating system, the thoughts and beliefs of these greatest hackers.
0767817486|5.0|Although Turkey is one of the most modern muslim states around , it always had it's problems since the country tries to establish a democracy via military violence . The nation's jail situation though is not presented here as an impersonal documentary but through telling the true story of Billy Hayes who was sentenced to life imprisonment for carrying drugs . In fact , Midnight Express is more about this young man's tragedy than it is about Turkey . Parker has created a movie so schockingly realistic and brutal that leaves the viewer speachless . Brad Davis who died in the early 90's is excellent too , delivering an emotional perfomance which is the heart of the film . The atrocities taking place inside the prison are being displayed here with all the details and the result is sometimes too much for some of us ( the tongue-bitting is one of the best and most scary paranoia sequences ever made ) . A few seconds before the end titles , as Hayes disguised is watching a military viacle coming his way , i've experienced more agony and fear in my life than ever while watching a film .
079284632X|2.0|If you decide to purchase this film, please bear in mind that the current release has been severely cut. All of those viewers who claim that 'The Last House On The Left' is too violent and disturbing have no doubt seen a relatively uncut version. However, even the 'uncut' versions of this film are still edited somewhat. It would be virtually impossible to find a completely untouched version of the film, which is probably a good thing for most people. The TRUTH is that the acting IS below average, but not too hideous (there ARE worse performances out there), the soundtrack IS laughable, and the editing IS as terrible as many people claim it to be. However, the story isn't really all THAT bad. Wes Craven's intention was to depict the horrors of the real world, without too much censorship (cutting and fading to black at the appropriate moments, for example). Therefore, YES, the 'UNCUT' version of this film actually IS violent, gory, and at times, downright disturbing. The viewer is left feeling depressed and filthy afterwards. The only reason that one would want to view this film is strictly for the benefit of seeing Wes Craven's first piece. Other than that, you should probably skip this one ;)
B00003CXRM|5.0|This is a great movie.  One of the best that I've seen all year.  I'm glad I read that it was based on Homer's Odyssey prior to watching it so that I could pick up on the subtle similarities (e.g. - the cyclops, sirens, etc.).  I watched it on DVD, but afterwards I wished I had seen it in the theaters!  The Coen brothers are great at creating their own world (look at Fargo) and developing the characters in that world.  &quot;O Brother&quot; is no exception.  I really thought I was walking, riding, and hitching a ride on a train in 1930's Mississippi!  See it for yourself - you will not be disappointed!
0790736039|5.0|counted one of the BEST movies i have seen in my life ! it's amazing. The story, the directing, it gets to you so bad ! it resembles somehow our childhood fears. 'IT' Exists in our fears everywhere  it feeds on our fears , frustration & hate within them . it only burns when we are fearless , strong & full of faith. NOW these several school friends are trapped by destiny,  they thought they faught IT;  they thought they killed IT  BUT  - after they're grownups  'IT' returns & AGAIN another Battle Begins.
B000000OQY|5.0|This album exemplifies this band's talent. You Have 4 classic rockers including the cover of Aerosmith's Mama Kin. It is rumored that the &quot;live&quot; tracks are just studio tracks with dubbed in crowd noise, but that is only a rumor since it is unproven. The 4 &quot;acoustic&quot; tracks are not even acoustic, except on Patience, but are still very powerful for being mellow. Patience is a great ballad, but not their strongest work on this album by far.{anyone who finds a ballad as the top song on a Guns album is not really a true Guns fan, and more like a billboard top 40 fan instead} The next track is Used to Love Her and is a great song because of it's truth of how women can make men feel, and it's funny to boot. You're crazy was a marvelous remake of the Appetite classic. They slowed it down and made it bluesy, which, in my opinion is the way this song was meant to be. Then you have One in a Million. By far the album's best and most powerful song...if you're not easily offended. Axl was a country boy from Indiana, and this song shows his views on the jungle known as Los Angeles. Give this album a try and you won't be disappointed.
6305922756|5.0|As David St. Hubbins, lead singer of Spinal Tap, so pointedly observes, &quot;It's such a fine line between stupid and clever.&quot;  This Is Spinal Tap is a movie that treads this fine line and is almost always on the clever side.  A mock &quot;rockumentary,&quot; with Rob Reiner as the director (of both the rockumentary and the real movie), this film is a romp through the world of heavy metal music, and is very funny as well.  Following Spinal Tap on a tour of the U.S., Reiner's character Marty DiBergi gives us the inside scoop on the band - the post-show parties, the frustration when concerts are cancelled and hotel bookings lost, controversy over a sexist album cover, etc.  When St. Hubbin's wife arrives (whom the lead guitarist Nigel is jealous of), things really go off the rails and Spinal Tap sinks to a new low, playing for a party on an air force base.<br />The details of the plot are fairly unimportant, as very little actually occurs.  The fun is in the dialogue - Nigel's distress at bread that is too small and his infatuation with his amp that goes to 11, St. Hubbin's revealing that he's named for the patron saint of quality footwear, and the drummer revealing that &quot;as long as there's sex and drugs, I could do without the rock and roll.&quot;  And, of course, my personal favourite, the bassist Small's prosthetic &quot;limb,&quot; a strategically placed cucumber.  Similarly, there's great fun involved in the concert numbers, with such notable tunes as &quot;Big Bottom,&quot; &quot;Sex Farm,&quot; and &quot;Hell Hole.&quot;  The fact that the dialogue was mostly unscripted, that the actors adopted their characters as alter-egos and lived in the parts, gives the film an unpolished quality and a feel of &quot;authenticity&quot; that many real documentaries lack.<br />Reiner wisely keeps the film short at 75 minutes or so.  Any longer and the momentum would have waned.  The choice of actors is suberb - they really play the instruments and sing the songs, and keep their parts distinct and self-consistent.  That all the parts are played with such utter seriousness and sincerity only increases the hilarity. The film itself, especially compared with some of Reiner's later work, probably &quot;only&quot; rates a 4 out of 5.  The profusions of extras on this DVD raises this disc to a 5.  There is an hour of extra footage cut from the movie.  While the cuts could have been easily incorporated into the movie, I'm glad they weren't due to the aforementioned momentum.  There's also 4 music videos, 3 of which are just the full versions of songs that were truncated in the film, but fun to watch nonetheless.  There are assorted other interviews and comments, and a full audio commentary of the 3 main characters (in character), which is quite amusing. <br />Clearly, a lot of effort went into making this film, and the proof is up there on the screen - it's a fun film, with enough nuances that it can be watched over and over again.  The extras on the DVD make it well worth the price.
B000002UUX|5.0|This is a simple review. This is by far the best work that Megadeth has ever done. If you're a &quot;TRUE&quot; Megadeth fan, and that means back to the days of the shredding sensation Killing is my Business...and Business is Good. Megadeth is not a ballad band. In fact, when they started doing ballads is when they should have retired, and anyone who thinks a ballad or a top 40 hit is the best work by Megadeth is NOT a &quot;TRUE&quot; Megadeth fan only one more of these pathetic losers that only like what's popular or what they see on MTV. I'll get off of my soapbox now. This album shows every strong point this band has. From Mustaine's signature chromatic riffs down to Menza's lethal combination of speed and power on the drums{he was only a teenager when they made this album}. They can't quite compete with James Hetfield's and Kirk Hammet's work on their first 5 albums, but they run a close second. If you want the best heavy metal has to offer I will give you some insight. Start off buying the first 4 albums by Megadeth, the first 5 by Metallica, and Cowboys From Hell, Vulgar Display of Power, Far Beyond Driven, and The Great Southern Trendkill all by Pantera. These albums will keep you busy for a long time and never seem to lose their edge. By the way, A Tout Le Monde SUCKS!
630439845X|5.0|Since the release of The Piano in 1993 I have purchased the video three times.  Whenever I loan it out I never get it back because it is so spectacular.  The soundtrack is absolutely hautingly beautiful.  I purchased that immediately after watching the movie and it is one of my favorite cd's.  This movie is very unique and depicts true love on all levels.  We are reminded too that life is too short to not be happy!  BUY IT, KEEP IT, BUY IT AS GIFTS SO YOU DON'T LOSE YOUR COPY!
B000002UAU|5.0|This remains the album that all other bands and serious composers wished they could come close to emulating. The brilliance of it is, no doubt, largely sub-conscious. It is unlikely that Lennon/McCartney could really explain what they were aiming at in &quot;A day in the life&quot; or why it is so deeply affecting. As a sound evocation of mundaneness and almost terrifying anxiety (the crescendo has to be the best audio equivalent of an anxiety attack anyone has ever done), this piece says more about modern life than Bernstein's &quot;Age of anxiety&quot; (Bernstein was thrilled by the Beatles, by the way) . The Beatles couldn't read music. It didn't matter. This is a collection of music produced by a stunningly talented and creative foursome. Brilliance shows up everywhere - from its melody lines and arrangements to its production. It belongs up there with Gershwin's &quot;Rhapsody in Blue&quot; as one of the most important pieces of music of the last one hundred years. That it can be enjoyed by rockers and classical fans at the same time only proves its universality. Although &quot;Revolver&quot; is consistently better as a collection of songwriting gems, &quot;Pepper&quot; is the perfect union of studio production creativity and compositional brilliance. It has become hip to find fault with &quot;Pepper&quot; lately but it will take a great deal to deconstruct what has become the most influential album of the century. By now, this has become such a permanent piece of our musical consciousness and history that it is simply impossible to imagine contemporary music without &quot;Pepper&quot; hovering somewhere in the background, influencing, nudging, inspiring, and startling every composer who came after it.
B00004W50Z|5.0|My friends and I are huge Band fans, since 1969.  We never could understand how critics could put down such a beautiful album.  While &quot;Big Pink&quot; and &quot;The Band&quot; offered more popular songs that you've constantly heard.  This album is more melodic and hauntingly beautiful.  Songs like All La Glory, Sleeping, The Rumor and Stage fright are more surreal and wistful than anything they've done before.  These guys were master musicians and their first three albums are still treasures to enjoy over 30 years later.  The first two albums were brilliant, but this one has melodies that will haunt you and can enter your mind at any time.  I guess when you've been riding inside a Rolls Royce, it's hard to accept a Cadillac.  Stage Fright has a tinge of sadness throughout.  That's good. If you're looking for background music forget it.  This album must be listened to closely, so you can hear and appreciate the subleties of this truly unique band.  My only complaint is that it had to end.
B00005BJ2O|5.0|I was told this soundtrack was pretty awful, but I started with one song &quot;Elephant Love Medley&quot; off Napster and feverishly moved on to every other song, and found that I not only liked the singing of the actors, but found the &quot;old&quot; music new and beautiful. Then I had to get the CD. First song sets the dizzying, tragic, and all in all colorful tone. David Bowie's &quot;Nature Boy&quot;, presented with Ewan McGregor's grief stricken monologue, is the epitamy of haunting, and the last unexpected note sent me into full fledged chills. <br />The various character sung songs are great: &quot;Elephant Love Medley&quot; is one of the best, incredibly captivating, and at times seems like it's own song; &quot;Come What May&quot; is gorgeously done; &quot;Your Song&quot; all revamped ballad style with McGregor's simple and energetic chords and beautiful orchestrations; Kidman's &quot;One Day I'll Fly Away&quot; is, in total, precursor to the rest of the tragedy to follow. Kidman can sing...; &quot;Hindi Sad Diamonds&quot; is a romp and buzzes with the energy that is the Moulin Rouge; &quot;Diamonds&quot; is breathy and so so...<br />The various rock songs on here are fitting and although I don't like them as much, I find that the sheer ingenuity of the soundtrack for the movie works perfectly with the movie and for pure listening purposes. It's a beautiful collaboration of music and I find it uncommonly and strangely addictive for a film soundtrack.
B000031XCR|1.0|celine can do better than come out with a compilation. i can't stand her anymore, she is not as good as before. and THAT'S WAY IT IS su(ks, she can't sing up-tempo songs.
080017948X|5.0|Una de las mejores comedias romnticas que hay, es una pelcula muy inteligente, nos ensea la evolucin del alma durante la vida. La mejor actuacin de Bill Murray
B00000DHR0|1.0|for me, i think that the best x/mas album that i have ever bought is mariah carey's merry christmas album. celine is good, but she miss that touch, she is just trying to prove her voice is good, and she can hit the highest register, the feeling is not there. but nevertheless it is a good effort.
B00005O5CM|4.0|Loved the Movie. Was Hilarious. Enjoyed it very much. Was the funnniest movie I have seen in a long time.
B00005K3OT|4.0|It was like listening to a fabulous poem with a few words stumbled over here and there. Depp is very very good as the Irish River Rat, but I had to wonder how he got that boat all the way from Ireland to France. There were a few British accents masquerading as French ... the priest in particular was interesting in that plus he was incredibly young. Brought to mind Doogie Howser, priest.<br />But those small stumbles can not detract from the sheer beauty of this film. The awakening of this town from the self-denials of their lives (not all are related to the Church but that is the big allegorical tie-in) is an amazing thing.<br />One person who was never asleep is Judi Dench's Armande. For me, she was one of the best characters in the film. The foreshadowing is done so very well in this. It wa a pure delight to watch.
B00003CWTI|2.0|I was fascinated at first with how intriguing Magnolia seemed to pretend to be.  As the story went on, you could readily see that the highly mysterious beginning had absolutely nothing to do with the actual film.  Nor are the individual characters in the movie intermingled at all, as the film purports they are.  There isn't any cohesiveness.  Great performances by he actors...all did a charming job...but the stories were mostly boring and had almost no depth at all.  And way too much music.  Half the movie was a music video for Aimee Mann's great songs.
B00005LMBK|5.0|I have actually been inspired to write a review.  This is the best cd that I've bought in a long time.  The music scene has held nothing but boredom for me for the past couple of years.  Rock has become so homogenized I don't know Matchbox 20 from Three Doors Down and most cds I have bought lately I only like a few songs at best but this one is great all the way through.  The sound is refreshingly unique and truly &quot;alternative&quot; unlike most alternative music lately.  Give this cd a chance, if you don't like it at first, it will grow on you. : )
B00003CXTF|5.0|I am not a big fan of watching movies, but Pearl Harbor was so good! I have seen the movie 4 times in theaters and everytime I am still suprised. I feel it isn't good for kids under about 13 because there is a lot of killing that people don't need to think about when they are that young. i think that the driectors did a great job of re-creating the harbor with what they could do. The acting is amazing and the story is so sweet!
B000002N2P|5.0|yes it might be a little bit of a letdown compared to dookie and nimrod, but if u are a fan of green day u must have it, there is lots of great songs on this cd from brain stew, 86 to stuck with me and much more!! ..this cd is considered to be alot darker harder and faster to many people. there r no songs that sound even close to songs like Time of Your Life or When i Come Around which i think are softer songs that green day have written so dont excpect anything like that! what u get is fast catchy and great punk songs...now i know i said it was my least favorite green day cd and it is, but i must say it has my favorite green day song of all time, that is WestBound Sign i love that song!!! so buy this and every other green day cd!! Go Now!!!
B00005B4GU|5.0|I believe that some may incorrectly say that this album falls somewhere between OK Computer and Kid A. Some say that it is more accessible than Kid A, less the pioneering, &quot;stay here while we chart this area,&quot; production. I would challenge both those statements. You and Whose Army, my God I was in my car, almost home after a 4 hour drive, and this song haunted me, driving my imagination to a crumbling empire, with ancient sounds of America's golden youth mixed with something so ghostly I slipped in and out of realizing that I was listening to a modern piece rather some haunting voice of the past. Pyramid Song touches something almost as mystical but more ancient, somehow taking us to a consideration of something great that has fallen. Spinning Plates, i felt like i was drifting into space, trying to find something human and recognizable in something so full of... void. I Might Be Wrong was something recognizably Radiohead, but it pushed us over another pulsing horizon of sound, similar to its pounding Kid A counterpart Optimistic. I can't say enough about this album, I think it was what Kid A was looking for, although we must bare in mind these albums were written and recorded at similar times (although Knives Out, Motion Picture Soundtrack, and several others were reinventions of older, unrecorded songs). Brilliant album, certainly my favorite Radiohead endevour to date. The last 3 works by this band require an experience of the music, not simply a listen. Radiohead is not at the forefront of music pioneering, it IS the forefront.
0805062971|3.0|the movie ruined the book for me. Perhaps, but not neccessarily. <br />Of course, take the fact that Edward Norton read the book to me (I could not keep his narrations out of my head). And I couldn't picture the characters any other way than the way they were portrayed in the film. <br />Perhaps I should have read the book first, but I think I would have still been disappointed with the ending, being that it varies quite differently from the movie.<br />I was pleased with the way the movie takes a lot of the narrator word for word. I was displeased with some of the scenes left out and changed. <br />Overall, a great read if you haven't seen the movie.
020161622X|4.0|I'm an entry level software developer and I have to say that this may be one of the most important books in my career.  I've been &quot;playing around&quot; with software development since my mid-teens and now it's my full-time job.  I bought this book this afternoon and I haven't wanted to put it down - it's written in an easy to read, sensible manner.  It isn't boring - which is really hard to do with any technical book.  If all my development/technical books were only 1/2 as good as this one at keeping your attention - I would be a much more informed individual.
6305609705|5.0|This movie stands out.  This is because there is so much passion behind this movie.  The filmmakers went through alot to make it, and the final piece really makes you think.  Alot of people say that the ending is weak, but I think it works, it's just not clear cut.  It's artistic!  The shots in this movie are among the most unbelievable shots in any film, from the fan/helicopter symbolism at the beginning, to the shadows and the &quot;rituals&quot; found in the ending, and all the anger and gunplay found in the middle.  This movie is more watchable and less violent than movies like Platoon and Saving Private Ryan.  Apocalypse Now tells the story more comfortably, and yet it's still powerful and you get the same out of it.  Thank you, Francis Ford Coppola, for this masterpiece.
B0000039PW|5.0|If you're looking for a [gangster] rap album, this is the one. No one, since BIG's death, has been able to touch this album. <br />Unlike most current gangster rappers, Chris Wallace actually knows how to entertain. He varies his styles from dance-able songs like &quot;Big Poppa&quot; to harcore songs like &quot;Gimme the Loot.&quot; All songs have great beats and lyrics. This is a must-have. <br />RIP Chris Wallace
B000006045|5.0|I've owned this album since it first came out... it's the only Massive Attack album I have, and the only &quot;trip-hop&quot; album I have, but it has made me really consider buying more from that particular sub-genre... <br />When I first bought the album I was immediately hooked to the song Teardrop (which was the reason for my buying it), and some of the others, but most of the album I found really hard to get into... but I eventually did... I remember putting it on and &quot;getting it&quot;... but it has been an on and off relationship of sorts between me and Mezzanine... I'll listen to it for a while, then put it away and ignore it, then pick it up again, and so on... anyways, a few nights ago I picked it up and put it on again... anyways, it blew me away on a totally different level... I've been listening to a lot of Orbital, Aphex Twin, Autechre, and even jazz and I guess that opened my eyes a bit to the music in Mezzanine... It's very very dark, but very very cool... it's electronic yes, but there are guitars used it many of the songs... each song sounds perfect in it's own way, and the singers used are marvelous... anyways, definately check this out, but be warned, it is an intense listen... it's very dark and sinister sounding, and is definately required listening on a foggy, dreary night... my favorite songs are Inertia Creeps, Mezzanine, and Group Four, but they're all good...
0452282152|5.0|This book was suggested to me by my advisor.  I thought it would be terrible.  I was proved wrong when I became upset that I had finished it.  It was a great book and really captured when  Griet was going through.  I recommend this to everyone.
B000003N7G|5.0|I'm just beginning to get into jazz... I have a jazz collection that currently consists of TWO albums, A Kind of Blue, and this one, A Love Supreme, so yeah, I'm just a newbie... I bought this one today, and so I definately haven't cyphered out all the little aspects of the music, but I do like it a lot... I listened to it once through first, and I thought it was ok, but tonight I played it, and actually listened, and well this is my second or third time through and I must say I love it... the music here is awesome... obviously this is Coltranes album, and so the saxophone is ever present, but it's not the only thing... in fact, all four parts of the quartet are awesome... the piano playing is amazing (especially the solo in Resolution), the drumming is some of the best I've ever heard (the solos in Pursuance are awesome) and the bass playing is amazing... the solo separating Pursuance and Psalm really is some good stuff... I like all of this album, and I find that I just want to keep listening to it, and everytime I do listen to it I appreciate it more... my only complaint is over the singing in Acknowledgement... it must be by Coltrane himself, and well, I can see why he's a saxophone player ya know... it just doesn't fit... but hey, that's just small potatoes as they say... the album really is awesome stuff... the hype is for real... and I've read alot of reviews where the people say the album is too short, but I actually like that... I find I can listen to the album through with no problem... maybe it's my lack of an attention span, but I find most albums around 50 minute and the like to be too long to listen to in one sitting... this one I can listen to straight through, and that's great...<br />look, even if you're not a huge jazz fan, or are just starting to get into it (like me) you need to get this album... it's pretty awesome!!!
630587493X|4.0|First of all, I would like to say that I loved Isaac Asmiov's book, &quot;The Positronic Man&quot; from which the movie, &quot;The Bicentennial Man&quot; is based upon. Though both versions are different in ways, both are wonderful. Since this review is about the movie, I will make my review on &quot;The Bicentennial Man.&quot;<br />Robin Williams stars as Andrew Martin, an android who is not the typical &quot;household appliance&quot;. The Martin family soon realize this by seeing his extraordinary talent in carving, and that's only the beginning. Andrew is different because he thinks and feels. He has thoughts and ideas which everyone thinks robots are incapable of. The story tells about Andrew's 200-year journey for his purpose in achieving one thing, his one goal... humanity.<br />As I said already, this movie is different from Isaac Asimov's book, but this is also very entertaining. Robin Williams did an awsome job in his role, though some people don't think so. He was just so right to play the part of Andrew. Everyone else acting in &quot;The Bicentennial Man&quot; did a great job, too, especially Porschia.<br />A few things though I'll tell you what not to expect. &quot;Bicentennial Man&quot; is said to be for the family. Well, yes, but not for younger than teenager kids. The movie is very deep and some parts might not be appropriate for kids. They might not like it because they won't understand it that well. Also, it is said to be a comedy but actually, in my opinion, it is more like a drama. Yes, there are many funny and humorous places in it where I just laughed so hard! But it is not a comedy, it is a drama. Some parts my mother was crying, even I was feeling a little misty eyed. That's what I think is a good movie. A movie in which you can laugh and cry and feel with the characters in a movie. Watch &quot;Bicentennial Man&quot;, I'm sure you'll enjoy it as much as I did!
6301095294|4.0|When this film first aired on television after Christmas in 1967, critics panned it for being incomprehensible gibberish. It certainly wasn't what the folks at home were used to for their holiday television. In hindsight, we can see &quot;Magical Mystery Tour&quot; for what it is: a slightly sluggish but fanciful art film, filled with engaging music videos and bits of offbeat comedy. This film predates MTV by a good 13 years, and includes great Beatles recordings (I strongly recommend the &quot;Magical Mystery Tour&quot; soundtrack album.) It remains today a great period piece, and a pleasant piece of surreal filmmaking.
B00005ABIP|5.0|Without a doubt, this is the best effort that Cake has yet put forward for the listening public.  Throughout its career, the band has always provided music that was a little bit different from the norm, but with Prolonging the Magic, Cake has managed to incorporate their usual satirical tone with some honest and effective cross-genre effort to create what can only be called a gem of modern music.<br />The breadth of this album is probably its most impressive quality.  While some of the acidic irony of their previous two major releases is lacking here, I, for one, don't miss it much, considering all that I have been given in return.  Replacing that irony is a new degree of compositional brilliance on the part of the band, which is made all the more remarkable by the fact that two members had deserted to form Deathray.<br />Prolonging the Magic is also excellently arranged--a quality that you won't find in many releases today.  The songs are blended well to maintain a light, relaxed mood and tone throughout, making the entire album a thoroughly enjoyable experience.  Fans, of course, will welcome this release with open arms, but I would urge all listeners to give Cake a chance with Prolonging the Magic.  Even setting aside their work from the past, this is a remarkable musical effort, and deserves a place in any listener's collection.
0767836286|5.0|This movie grabbed me by the nuts within the first 5 minutes and didn't let go. I was instantly intrigued by Arlington Road's professionality and its love for its characters. It really likes to play with your mind and even in the first few minutes or so, Arlington Road's twists and turns give you the chillie willies.  The movie explores the characters and their emotions before going into the thrills, and it worked like a charm. I wish all thrillers were like this, but Arlington Road is a rare kind, it's unique, brilliantly made and amazingly scripted. The mood and atmosphere of Arlington Road is creepy and misty and the way above-average techno horror soundtrack matches all the chilling sequences is neat. The performances are outstanding, with Jeff Bridges giving an excellent performance of a man who's paranoia is slowing killing him, while Tim Robbins is wonderfully evil and mysterious as the not-so-nice next door neighbour. Joan Cusack is a great supporting character but she should've had more to do with the evil side of things. The movie has one of the most chilling opening sequences of 1999 and the climax is brilliant and gut-punching and it is one of the best in any movie of any year. The movie scared the nachos out of me and definitely made me think about my next door neighbours. The film's goals are certainly achieved and as far as I know, it is highly praised by critics and viewers. The script is written by Ehren Kruger who also wrote Scream 3. I loved that movie but not half as much as I love this one. Ehren has done a bang-up job on his script and he packs in plenty of depth, chills and tension. Add to that Mark Pellington's fabulous, focused and full-on direction, the extremely satisfying acting and you get perfection in almost all areas of filmmaking. A jolting psychological thriller, and one of the smartest dramas of 1999!
B0000025D0|5.0|&quot;Darkness on the Edge of Town&quot; is one of the great albums.  Why you may ask?  It is haunting, real, dark, and a true picture of American middle class society.  Bruce does not portay life as a make believe wonderful place.  Bruce lets us know there are struggles and battles and you don 't always win your battles.  No matter if you are a good person or bad person.  When Bruce sings out the line &quot;angels who have no place&quot; it makes you stop and think &quot;wow&quot; that is a deep statement.  You know the Boss feels this way and he is out there wondering around with no place to go and lost just like many other people out there trying to live life.    The title cut is brilliant.  &quot;Darkness on the Edge of Town&quot; says it all in its title.  It tells you what the album is, then you listen on and you hear dispair and struggle.  This album makes you think about life and many of his songs hit home for many people.  &quot;Factory&quot; is a short, yet powerfull song.  As you can tell by the title, the song is about factory work and the people who walk into those places and what a toll it takes on them working so hard for so little.  When you hear &quot;Racing in the Street&quot; you start off with a song that describes the love of car racing and then you win a girl.  Then the song gets dark because the girl sits home by herself and &quot;cries herself to sleep at night&quot;  Bruce was putting out a message in this album and it got to me.
B000058T5E|5.0|one of the best one. i have listin to for awail./ it brings back old times.just like blackmore,walsh,santana,page clapton, and so on,..? p. s. were is he now.                                                                                     lipps696
0812550706|5.0|This is one of the best books I've ever read. So far I've lent it to at least a dozen friends and family members, and they've all loved it, too.<br />Ender is a character you'll never forget.
6305508550|5.0|A life changing movie. How good to realise that there are so many of us under the thumb of ugly corporations and sleazy political inept bosses. I am still trying to show this to staf fat work without management knowing. The second half kind of dies a bit but the first half more than justifies this movie.
B00004Z4WQ|1.0|I love gross-out movies (There's Something About Mary, American Pie and all that), but this was horribly disappointing.  The jokes were tired, and it had nothing new to say.  How do you spoof a movie (Scream) which was already spoofing a genre? Answer: you can't.  <br />This film was a complete waste of time.
B000056V73|5.0|I am 45 and graduated from high school in 1973, the year the story in this movie takes place.  I've seen a lot of movies in my day and I can say with full honesty that this may be the one movie that carries the distinction, dubious or otherwise, of having truly transported me in time;  to words, sounds and feelings that I haven't heard or felt in a long, long time.<br />The early 70's was a wierd time, fully in between definitive cultural frames of reference - not quite the 60's, but not really what we think of as the 70's -  and especially a wierd time to be me:  still respectful of adults, anti-drug, college bound and intent on success independent of anyone's help, financial or otherwise.  And what I want to say about this movie is that it taught, keeps teaching me, alot about myself, who I was then and, more importantly, what it was that all my friends were seeing, doing while I was busy being me.  Rock and roll as a way of life.  &quot;It's all happening&quot;.  I never got it then but I'm starting to get it now, and it feels like it was cool.  So I owe a wink and a nod to all those friends, and a big thanks to Cameron Crowe for keeping in touch with something I may have never had.<br />And if I sound even remotely like you, you'll like this film.  But you knew that.  You've seen it, over, and over, and over.
B000002UAU|4.0|This is one of the most significant albums The Beatles ever put out and is one of the most important releases of popular music ever.  Musically it is diverse with bitter-sweet ballads, whimsical love songs, rockers and vaguely psychedelic cuts jumbled together showing the various routes The Beatles would follow subsequently.<br />Of the songs &quot;A Day in the Life&quot; and &quot;She's Leaving Home&quot; stand out as evocative and powerful ballads while there are a number of more up-tempo feel-good numbers also included.  All in all the content is excellent and many of The Beatles best-loved songs are to be found on this album. There is something in this album for everyone but it is unlikely that many will like all of it.  It is not the greatest of Beatles albums but certainly ranks as one of the most interesting and important.  Recommended.
6304698798|5.0|Despite the incredible violence of this film, there is a laid-back quality that makes it a great for relaxing and unwinding.  Morricone's entrancing score is part of the reason but I think it's more in how the characters are so detached from everything except the object of their desire - the thousands in gold.  The vivid intensity of the finale is like a wake-up from a strangly familiar dream that is the rest of the movie.  Tuco calls out to Blondie almost as if he is trying to wake himself from what may have been his own crazy dream.  There really is a mythic quality to this film - perhaps a spaghetti western version of a forgotten Greek play about maintaining (or losing) one's honor and integrity in such a worthless, almost surreal world.
B00005A0RI|5.0|I'm going to &quot;nail my colours to the mast&quot; and say up-front that I love this disc as do all my friends who have heard it!  Here's why..<br />&quot;Nocturne&quot; is an outstanding album of largely traditional Cuban and Mexican themes allied to great levels of musicality with strong production values. As the title suggests the music is generally down-tempo and lyrical and uses the jazz idiom but heavily infused with a voluptuous latin warmth.  The two prime movers behind this exceptional undertaking are the Cuban Gonzalo Rubalcabo, piano, and Charlie Haden, double bass.  In addition other musicians are brought in to play on several tracks each, Joe Lovano, Pat Metheny, David Sanchez and the violinist Federico Britos Ruiz.<br />Even given the strong material and outstanding musicians, the results surpass all expectations.  This is largely due to Haden's musical manifesto which is to focus on expression as opposed to flashy technicalities. To say that he succeeds here is something of an understatement.  Each instrument is perfectly placed in the arrangements and is sympathetic to the material.  Of particular note is the use of Ruiz's violin which deserves a special mention for its lyrical phrasing.  Overall, the lush fullness of the sound and the perfectly measured pace of the music create a vivid ambience.<br />This is an album where the musicians play so well together there is a rare magic in the result.  The production is so charged and atmospheric that the emotion is almost tangible. What creates this effect is the way in which the musicians express the music together so beautifully, particularly Haden, Lovano and Ruiz.  Their shared appreciation of the music and each other's skills has allowed this group of musicians to create something utterly sublime which transcends genres.   I'm beginning to run out of superlatives here so to wrap up I'll leave you with one last thought: Check out how many five-star reviews there are here for this disc - have you ever seen such a level of unanimity for any other review? No? Then do yourself a favour and buy this very special disc!
6305095566|5.0|Lock the doors,take the videocassete and push play.You will feel fear,old good fear,which any other new horror could not bring.We love it,our sons will love it and sons of our sons will love it too!!!
B00003CXRP|4.0|I didn't want to see this movie in the theater, since I didn't give a damn about the Survivor shows, but this was a pleasant surprise when rented. It's a window into a man's life and how he changes through some extraordinary experiences.  <br />Don't expect slam-bang action. This is not your standard Hollywood formula. You'll watch the details of Chuck Noland (played by Tom Hanks) learning how to survive: getting food, finding shelter, making fire, keeping his sanity over the years alone on the island, escaping the island, and trying to rebuild his life. The pacing is slow; you'll either watch in fascination or fall asleep.<br />When Noland returns to civilization after five years, we see how he doesn't fit into the life he had before, we see how his priorities have changed, and we watch him try to decide where to go next. As for the ending, don't expect a nice neat wrap-up. It's really a beginning, not an ending. Like in real life, we don't know where Noland will go next, but neither does he. This was a courageous ending and it left some people wanting closure, so be warned. However I loved it.
B0000026CM|5.0|Listen to the first track &quot;Pamela&quot; and you'll know what I'm talking about. The arrangements on this album are so sophisticated it's a crime it didn't share in the praise Toto IV had. Listen to the drum pattern of Mushanga -- or the phrase trading throughout Pamela. No wonder these guys were (are) in such high demand for session work.
B000002N25|4.0|At the same time that DIRE STRAITS was going down, I tended to forget Knopfler's solo work or anything related to Dire's members. So, one day I took this Cd borrowed from my friend Paulo Muller and really enjoyed it, first class stuff. It blends together pop, rock, country, with intelligent lyrics. I tought it to be better than Dire Straits stuff, by the way !Congratulations, Mark!
0743420373|5.0|While driving home one evening, I was behind a beautiful Lexus SUV.  I was thinking &quot;Where are people getting all this money&quot; and feeling self-conscious in my rusty, 7 year old, GMC Jimmy.  Then this SUV pulls into the garage of a tiny, less than ordinary ranch home.  Imagine my surprise!  I pulled into my lovely old home in an ordinary neighborhood that with much sweat equity has doubled in value.  What will that Lexus be worth in three years?  This book defines the thought processes of the spenders and the savers.<br />The Millionaire Next Door is an easy read.  There are numerous valuable case studies that will surprise and inspire you.  The book focuses on the principles of sacrificing (not depriving yourself) for financial freedom.  The idea is not to focus on material goods but to become interested in watching your money and investments grow.  If, however, you can't live without that foreign import automobile you can follow the advice in this book on the best time to buy.<br />If you can sacrifice and not live in that &quot;exclusive&quot; neighborhood where no one would EVER drive a used car, just think of the money you can save.  Your children will grow up to learn that not everyone has a half million dollar home and a brand new Volvo every three or four years. There is much more personal fulfillment in being financially free to choose how to live than being a slave to your possessions.<br />This book also offers valuable estate planning information.  The writer cautions about talking with your children about how much you are worth and your will and estate plan.  It also mentions how to set up your executors so that rifts and tensions will not develop within your family.<br />Sections of the book might seem like common sense to some, but it can also be very self-confirming to those who have been sacrificing and need the little push to carry on.  Very interesting reading!!!!
B000003BDJ|5.0|I didn't like the Stones. I tought they were the most overrated band of all times, survivng through shrewd marketing strategy. I had the bad luck to buy EMOTIONAL RESCUE as a starter. Then I went into the much more famous TATTOO YOU. Better, but nothing to inspire me at all !! Then, all of a sudden, I came by accident into this compilation. That was another trouble: I despise compilations. But, boy, I finally saw why these guys were so famous. In their heyday, they were rock geniuses, above al the rest. The rhythm and musicality of their simple rock tunes is something to last forever.
B000053VAF|5.0|ok- I'm charismatic Christian, attend the local Assembly of God, been pretty deep into the Faith for 27 years- and I think DOGMA is among the best three theological films of the past decade- the others being LAST TEMPTATION OF CHRIST and THE RAPTURE (directed by Michael Tolkin, starring Mimi Rogers).  Yep-it's vulgar & tasteless but it's also theologically orthodox & Biblical in it's teachings on Jesus as God-man & Savior. And it had me wincing, howling with laughter & weeping like the tubby ... I am (to cite Jay). Make sure to listen to the Alanis song during the final credits.
B00005KHJR|5.0|This is a great film.  I don't like horror films, I don't know if this is one or not, but I love every campy, scary, b-movie moment of this flick.
B00000ILDE|4.0|Grim, gritty future worlds are James Cameron's specialty, and _Aliens_ is a great example of how good he can make that kind of film. No scene in the film is a visual pleasure -- the gateway station is depressingly sterile, and Ripley's apartment looks cluttered without looking like a real home. The colony itself, even in the scenes before the aliens rip it to shreds, doesn't look at all comforting. The alien-dominated area, of course, is incredibly creepy. The point is to make sure that the audience never feels safe during the film; there is no location that serves as a security blanket. From the first frame of this movie, the viewer feels on edge, and the tension never really releases until the final few frames.<br />The script is quite well written, and everyone does at least a workmanlike job in the acting department. Bill Paxton, Michael Biehn, and Paul Reiser put in good turns, and Sigourney Weaver shines as always. Lance Henriksen is particularly memorable as the eager-to-please android Bishop. This is one of the best action films ever, and an excellent popcorn movie.
B00003CY5H|4.0|Movies like this are painful for me to watch.  I don't handle suspense very well, and end up with knots and kinks all over my neck and back from the tension.  But don't let this detract you from watching this movie! The plot is easy to understand and follow, and we have seen it many times: white glove robber is presented with the score of his lifetime, and he is paired up with a young, smart buck to do the job.  Norton, De Niro and Brando are absolutely fabulous and it is their superb acting what gives the movie the richness it has.  For those who like Jazz, there is the opportunity to see Cassandra Wilson, Charnett Moffett and Mose Allison perform a few scenes.  Angela Bassett plays a very irrelevant part and has some cliche' lines along the way, but what can you do when you are in a movie with these three monsters?  I am slightly disappointed about the final scene, because it was rather abrupt, but this does not detract from the previous 89 minutes of excellent cinematography.
B00004Z459|5.0|Hybrid Theory by Linkin Park opened my mind to the latest subgenre of rock known as \\"numetal\\", for which I previously had a strong distaste for. I'm telling you right now - Linkin Park is many levels past Limp Bizkit. I would've never dreamed of buying this album after hearing just \\"One Step Closer\\" which, in my opinion, is one of the weakest tracks on the album and definitely the most numetal-sounding. It was \\"Crawling\\" that sparked my interest in them and then when I previewed the album at my local record store, I was hooked. My 2 favorite genres are actually alternative/rock and techno but so far this has been my favorite CD of 2001. The lyrics aren't anything special (except for the fact that there are absolutely no swears as many people have already mentioned) but even they are better than just about any of the other stuff being made by LP's numetal colleagues. The thing that really sets them apart is the style and sound of the album. It has an incredibly fresh and crisp tone to it that prevents me from getting sick of it. Just about all the songs have a different sound to them and they're fun to sing along with. Chester Bennington, the lead singer, is a very talented vocalist and the other band members are impressive, including their DJ Mike Shinoda who has his own track on the album (#11) which is fun. You Limp Bizkit fans probably don't enjoy my anti-numetal sentiment but for those of you who listen to all types of music, reach out and buy this album now. You will not be disappointed.
0140282033|4.0|I loved the movie &quot;Chocolat&quot; so much that I saw it twice in the theater and just had to buy the book. I found the book less enjoyable than the movie, I believe it was because I knew everything that was going to happen and nothing seemed to be new. I'm telling you - if you have not seen the *movie* yet, save it for after the book! That way the book is very enjoyable! *S*
6305433909|2.0|Though pleasant, this tailor-made sequel is annoyingly predictable and by-the-numbers. In fact, it's nothing more than a retread of all the elements of the first film with perhaps a bit more music (which doesn't help). Watch this one only if you're a die-hard fan of the original ACT or of Goldberg.
B0000025RI|5.0|Michael Jackson was the man in the 80's and this CD shows why I was 22 when thriller was realesd and I loved it Beat It, Thriller, and Bille Jean are without a doubt the best songs Michael Jackson has ever accomplished and they are all in one CD so why not buy it right away !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B00003CXA6|5.0|Movie:<br />It's easy to make a bad Civil War film. It's easy to focus on the racism of the South, or the greed of the North. It's easy to focus on either the bloody desperation of the battles or the heroism of the soldiers, and fail to show how they're linked. It's easy to make a film with a huge cast where most of the actors just show up for work and don't make much of an effort. It's all so very easy.<br />_Gettysburg_ is a great movie because it avoids all those easy traps. The movie faithfully captures the motivations of the Confederate soldiers -- not as defenders of slavery but rather as defenders of a way of life. So, too, are captured the motivations of Federals -- fighting for ideals, whether of Union, justice, or freedom for all men. Laudably, the movie also subtly captures some of the condescension that even Northerners felt for the slaves. Notice that in the scene with the &quot;John Henry&quot; the unnamed black man is talked around, as if he were a child or an idiot; he's never addressed directly.<br />The bloody, desperate work of war is captured very well in the battle scenes, particularly in the scenes on Little Round Top. In that scene, too, the heroism of the Union soldiers in the face of almost certain death is on display. Confederates have their moments of heroism and desperation on the next day, when Armistead's brigade reaches the top, charging into near-certain death. In both instances the slaughter and heroism are presented accurately, as dual faces of a single coin, and they are balanced admirably.<br />Still, the performances of the actors in this film are what makes it great. Lancaster is uneven as Freemantle, but that's the only notable acting complaint. That one low spot is overshadowed by so many fine appearances, it's hard to give them all their proper due. Jeff Daniels puts in his finest performance ever, and Tom Berenger utterly disappears into the part of Longstreet. Martin Sheen's Lee is a little more befuddled than strictly necessary, but otherwise wonderful. Sam Elliott is perfectly cast as Buford, and Stephen Lang is excellent as Pickett. Wm. Sheppard also puts in a wonderful turn as General Trimble.<br />The real show-stopper, however, is Richard Jordan as Lo Armistead. His performance provides the emotional core of the film, dealing most intimately with the Civil War's central irony: these savage battles were fought between friends. His last words in the film sound like a eulogy to every man who fell in the war. Anyone not moved by his final scene has a heart of stone.<br />In short, this is easily the best Civil War film ever made, and arguably the best movie ever made about any war. _Gettysburg_ perfectly blends history with moviemaking, and the result is a work of art no lover of either discipline should be without.<br />DVD Version:<br />This DVD has so much bang for your buck you'd be an idiot not to buy it. In addition to the film, which as I've pointed out is excellent, it carries two well-made documentaries that cover both the history and the film-making quite effectively, a good collection of maps (with commentary), and an excellent commentary track for the film (although unfortunately it does not cover all scenes). This is one of the most relevant set of DVD bonuses I've ever seen. It's almost worth buying the player just to watch this one disk.
0767817664|4.0|I actually have never seen Fright Night until recently on American Movie Classics and I must say I was pleasantly surprised. Although Roddy McDowell looks pretty silly with his hair and eyebrews being covered in white powder he still brings a lot of charm and humor to the film. He has a lot of fun scenes as a Horror film star/vampire slayer. Chris Sarandon (Child's Play) is very good as well as the head vampire. If you liked other modern vampire flicks like The Lost Boys and From Dusk Till Dawn check out Fright Night. It is funny, sexxy and even sometimes pretty damn scary.
B00004U8P3|2.0|Why is it that when ever some movie comes out and its real big about 75% of the time I hate it.  I think one of the main reasons this movie got so much money at the box office was because of the special effects that it shows which I have to admit are pretty good.  Then you have the real logic that actually comes to the film and afterall when you think about it the whole film really does not make much sense.  Usually I am a big fan of Steven Spielbergs movies but this not really funny at all and the whole DNA with the dinosaurs is really dumb when you think about it. What is it about this movie I just don't like it.  Everytime this movie comes on T.V everyone seems to get excited about it and I can not figure out why What is the big deal?  I remember watching this movie and thinking about other things I remember looking at the exit sign in the movie theater and staring at the walls and the people my interest in this film was really diminished I really got bored fast that is not a good sign for a movie. What I think is alot of people went to see this movie by word of mouth alot of morons who went to go see it probably have no interest in dinosaurs and just want to be a part of the crowd and wanted to be able to say &quot; I saw Jurassic Park&quot; but I think alot of people deep down who saw this movie really hated inside and maybe thought that the special effects were o.k but were probably forced to like it by others.
B000003TAW|5.0|Ok, so weezer isn't the best rock band in the world. Are they even rock? It's more of a popish-alternative-punk sound on Blue. BUT, can you honestly tell me that you do not LOVE this Album? I'm not a huge fan of this kind of music, i like classic stuff like zeppelin, tru rock stuff like STP, heavy stuff like Disturbed, and rapcore like (hed)PE. So normaly this music isn't the most appealing to me. But this CD just makes you want to sing-a-long to every tune on the whole disc. I love it! Everything is just so melodic and simple, and has a happy-go-lucky style that just makes you feel good inside. I could sing all day long to stuff like &quot;Say It Ain't So&quot; and &quot;No One Else&quot;. Don't get me wrong- I like this kind of music in general, but i ususally would never give a CD of this style a 5 star rating. So why do I rate this one so high? Buy this album, pop it into your CD player, and you'll know exactly why I gave it a 5. It's just straight up, damn good stuff.
0312955006|5.0|Having read (and liked) Mr. Connelly´s &quot;The Poet&quot;, I picked up this book (number 3 in the Harry Bosch series) and couldn´t put it down once I started. I will now start reading the remaining five Harry Bosch novels in chronological order because &quot;The Concrete Blonde&quot; was that good. <br />Harry Bosch is a tough and extremely credible character, the book itself is an exciting read and very well written. I especially liked the fact that it kept you guessing right to the end, providing the reader (and Harry Bosch) with a lot of false tracks to explore. If you like John Sandford´s Minneapolis-based &quot;Prey&quot; series, you can´t go wrong with Michael Connelly.
0060977264|1.0|Now here~{!/~}s a book I really dislike. I stopped reading it and never got to it~{!/~}s middle. I didn~{!/~}t find any deep spiritual truths or inspirations in it, just preaching. The main characters are shallow. The story is told by the woman, Pilar, but it might as well be told from the point of view of her lover, who seems to be the really strong and know-it-all character in this story, while she is described as weak, dependent, and merely his follower. None of the ideas came as her own inspirations or understandings. He tries to teach her about the female aspect of God, or ~{!.~}the Goddess~{!/~}, so I expected to find some female strength later in the story. It turned out that the female aspect of God is the aspect of surrender. Generally speaking, there~{!/~}s nothing wrong with being able to accept things as they are and to flow with them, but combined with this leader-follower relationship between the two characters, it looks like a downright chauvinistic story. I felt it was an insult to femininity, and I am sorry that this is a best seller.
B000002L7Y|5.0|If you had listened to this album back in 1985, you would have known that this band had promise. The first single, Take On Me, is one of the best-known new wave songs ever. All of the songs have the rustic, fjordic synthesizer-based sounds that A-ha is known for. Get this, and you can say, a-ha, I got a good one!
6305508550|4.0|I enjoyed this movie so much the first time that I got charged for 3 weeks of late fees from Blockbuster.  I couldn't stop watching it.  Now, I'm buying it.
6304233639|1.0|Independence day relies on special effects to get by it has no story line of what so ever.  I really don't about anyone else but I love to watch a film that makes sense and you just watch a story not one of these rediculous special effects movies where you are there so you can get you eyes flashed and become hearing impaired.  Everyone once again copies everybody who saw this movie the only reason why it made so much money is because your next door neighbor was watching it so you felt like you had to see it to.  People were forced into theatres by there friends and family probably because they wanted to be cool and say that they viewed this movie.  I saw this flop and I think it stinks when I watched it I got bored and got irritated with the actors in the movie.  Will Smith thinks he is the coolest thing in the movie and he just laughing to the bank for his paycheck and so are the other characters.
B000059Z8J|5.0|The late 70s and early 80s was such a fantastic time to be a kid at the movies - the experience of seeing of &quot;Star Wars&quot;, &quot;Close Encounters&quot;, &quot;E.T.&quot; and &quot;Raiders of the Lost Ark&quot; on the big screen was exciting beyond words.  For me, though, one movie from that period stands a head and (broad) shoulders above the rest: Richard Donner's &quot;Superman: The Movie&quot;.<br />Warner Brothers deserves applause for their TLC lavished on this previously-neglected classic.  Begone with the murky, faded pan &amp; scan abominations - we now have a pristine, colorful transfer that finally restores Geoffrey Unsworth's gorgeous widescreen cinematography.  And if that wasn't enough, we also have 9 extra minutes of (quality) footage, trailers, deleted scenes, screen tests (yeah!) and three new documentaries to boot.<br />And for Superman fans like me, the documentaries and screen tests are a treasure to behold.  Thank God for Richard Donner - it's scary to think what &quot;Superman: The Movie&quot; could've been without his reverent, loving vision of the comic-book legend.  The new interviews with Christopher Reeve and Margot Kidder are insightful and often hilarious...  Ms. Kidder, in particular, is a delight.  It's impossible to imagine anyone else as the Daily Planet's intrepid reporter.  Three cheers to Lynn Stalmaster for his dead-on casting!<br />Although it would've been nice to see a special edition of &quot;Superman II&quot; as a companion, I certainly won't complain.  I'm just happy that 20+ years later, &quot;Superman: The Movie&quot; is just as entertaining as it was the first time I saw it in theaters.  From the destruction of Krypton, to the famous helicopter rescue, to the earthquake-disaster climax, &quot;Superman&quot; is a marvelous piece of cinema (and American pop culture, for that matter).  I don't think I'll ever outgrow it.  Add &quot;Superman: The Movie&quot; to your DVD collection today!!
B00004W4UB|5.0|The movie rolls in and out with fog for a reason. You may argue that you didn't like Julia Roberts so-so Irish accent or that the movie was too slow but if you can't see the method behind the madness of this film let me enlighten you. The whole movie drifts as a nightmare of fog. The slow part is due to this floating horrible sense of dread that drifts you through these mysterious places that would tend to seem normal but aren't for some unexplainable reason. It's clear that the bounds of reality and dream seem to mingle throughout this movie, and in most part is very disturbing because of this almost expressionist like effect. But this effect works together with the music to achieve this feeling of lurking fear. In one scene that really scared me, a normal act by the workers of an eel being skinned later turns into a horrible dream by Mary of the dead thing rising and staring at her. The film goes even further than the normal Jekyll and Hyde duality theme, showing that there is duality in almost everything. The day and the night, consciousness and dream, human and beast, love and lust, and for the most part starts to blend the ideas into the normal course of a servant's everyday life. Although Jekyll and Hyde are a good and evil influence on the film they are not shown as much because it's dreamscape is through that of Mary. So it shows him not as the tortured victim of a supernatural will battle that he saw himself as but as a mysterious, psychotic, nightmare being that fleshes itself out throughout the film as a real person. In fact the whole movie becomes more real as it progresses. The movie is a very good example of psychological, dream-like terror that is often disturbing and one of the better versions of the Jekyll and Hyde story, only bested by the silent John Barrymore version.
630575067X|3.0|For some, the first trilogy represents a wonderful myth based on classic themes; for others who don't know what all the fuss is about, it's childish drek with lousy science and illogical continuity.  Harlan Ellison assailed the STAR WARS movie as dribble, citing, for instance, the fact that the space ships make noise in space (where there is no sound).  <br />If you accept that Lucas is making a grand mythology - and that is clearly what he is attempting - then how does the beginning of this new trilogy (the story of the fall of Darth Vader) hold up?  <br />Where it fails for me - besides the fact that we are following the story of Darth Vader, whereas personally I am more interested in the story of Obi-Wan - is that, in PHANTOM MENACE, the characters are not nearly as personable as Han, Luke, Leia, and family.  For all the goofy acting and mournfully trite dialogue perpetrated in those movies, the performances created characters we could feel we knew and liked, whereas in PHANTOM MENACE they are more like figures, played with sobriety as if enacting a museum piece.  No personal connection is possible with little Annakin, the dynamic duo jedis (although Ewan MacGregor does an impressive job emulating a younger version of the character created by Sir Alec Guinness, in body and voice), or even the amazing-looking villain with nothing to say and no back story of his own.  <br />To make up for the lack of character, Lucas throws in the digitally-animated nuisance of Jar-Jar Binks, a &quot;loveable&quot; character most fans love to hate.  Is there anything endearing about this thing?<br />Without personable characters, the mythology is in danger of becoming grandiose; and that would be a sorry fate for what began with STAR WARS.
B00005B36H|5.0|I got hooked on Tool, years ago when the SOBER video first aired on MTV, after that I began my own great collection of tool's albums. From &quot;Undertow&quot; to &quot;Lateralus&quot; the band TOOL has become a Nirvana producing new musicically composed arts of sound. The Undertow collection is a great piece. Tool's next album &quot;Aenima&quot; is completely astounding- from start to finish.  Tool's last piece of art &quot;LATERALUS&quot; is new and improved, some fans are disapointed at the first time listening, but as Tool's previous albums it took a couple times to listen, then realize how impressive Tool is to put together nothing but three master pieces. &quot;LATERALUS&quot; is clear sounding and has unstoppable tempo changes. This album is superb and a MUST own......
B00001ZWTT|2.0|I would recommend this DVD only for the interactive menus and numerous extras, including Making Of. <br />I have never seen the original Wild Wild West, but I can tell this movie doesn't live up to the predesscor. First of all, Will Smith needs to choose roles that will gurantee a box office smash. Last time I heard, this film bombed at the national theaters. The chemistry between Will Smith and Kevin Kline isn't just there. Also, Salma Hayek in the role of an entertainer just isn't perfect. The director should have done a better job, along with the people who wrote the script. The one liners don't carry us through the whole movie, even with Will Smith's slick dialogue and Kevin Kline's wittiness in acting.
0790731983|5.0|Cabaret is great masterpiece.It has Liza Minnelli in it, Judy Garland's daughter. The film captures Liza's brilliance in singing legendary songs such as &quot;Mein Heir&quot; and &quot;Cabaret.&quot; I think &quot;Cabaret&quot; should be considered an all-time classic. Even though it was only shot 29 years ago. A must for all broadway film lovers.
6301797906|4.0|My father lived this story in real life. He too has seen the video and rates it very high on accuracy. My father is 78 years old and one of the few remaining OKIES left from the GREAT DEPRESSION. Every time he sees the movie &quot;THE GRAPES OF WRATH&quot; he starts to cry, because he lived the hard ship and pain of losing his home and being hungry for lack of food or money to buy any. This movie is one of the great treasures of our history!!!
1567184855|5.0|From one who is seeking an understanding of Spirituality and contacting my Spirit Guides, this book places issues in perspective.  I am re-reading this book, and always learning new a new perspective.<br />If one is seeking a closer relationship with our Creator (the Great Spirit) then this book is a must.
6304211740|4.0|Great story and great version.  My wife said this was the best love story she every saw.  I thought it was pretty good.  Some great acting
0375703764|4.0|I bought this book at the recommendation of a friend, and after becoming addicted to Poe's &quot;Haunted&quot;.  The book sat in its place in line behind 4-5 other books, but its stylish black cover and the hints my friend had dropped about its contents compelled the book to cut in line.<br />I'm glad it did, but I'm equally glad to be done and return to straightforward narrative.<br />This is a very fun book, though some sections (notably the long description of architectural accoustics) read like scholarly articles and may turn off many readers.  My recommendation:  skim.  Though I read pretty much every word, I think in retrospect that that wasn't probably the best way to approach the book.  In fact, starting with the Appendices (especially the Whalestoe Letters) and moving on from there might help the reader get the most out of the main narrative.<br />Also, when flipping through the book, don't be intimidated by the textual abnormalities.  The book holds your hand.  By the time you get to the pages with the forward, backward, and mirrored-boxed text you'll know how to handle it (skim).<br />Other reviewers have grappled the theme and content more eloquently than I could.  Buy this book and let it sit next to your bed for as long as you can.  You won't be able to keep your hands off it.
B000000OF6|5.0|I've been a Queen fan for a long time &amp; have bought every album that they have made. This is by-far the best album compilation of all. It's a must-have for new &amp; old Queen fans. Especially new ones, because with this set you get all of the songs you know &amp; crave to hear. There will also be songs that you have'nt heard before, but you will crave to hear them more after a couple of listens to the album. I guarantee you will not regret buying this item. Don't buy the single &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; release or &quot;Classic Queen&quot;, because they are the American versions &amp; were poorly put together. They miss some of the best songs that you get with the gold set like &quot;Innuendo&quot; &amp; &quot;It's A Hard Life&quot;. Hopefully I have convinced you to buy this album. Please do! You don't know what you're missing!
B00003CWTI|1.0|Rarely have I seen a film so thoroughly awful. Characters, dialogue, and multiple story lines combine to create a symphony of false notes. Some very fine actors are forced to say and do some painfully ridiculous things all under the pretense of creating something &quot;meaningful&quot;, when in fact the only message here is that student films should never have multi-million dollar budgets. This abomination makes the director's wonderfully under-stated earlier film &quot;Hard Eight&quot; look like a four-alarm fluke. Save your money and watch out for the falling frogs. (don't ask)
B00005MKA1|5.0|Sonically, this is easily Marley's best album (just listen to &quot;Sun is Shining&quot; on headphones -- wow). And subject wise, Bob sticks with subjects like being in love, dancing, and getting high. Actually , the pre-iconic Marley had recorded many of these songs many years before (the earlier versions can be heard on the African Herbsman LP, among others). So in many ways, this record was a return to Marley's past. And he was obviously in a fine mood while making Kaya. A &quot;sunny day&quot; record, to say the least.
B00005KHL5|5.0|It's the stunning climax of The Wicker Man that makes it a horror movie.  Up until that chilling, horrific ending, it's an intriguing mystery, as police Sgt. Neil Howie investigates the reported disappearance of a young girl on the remote Scottish island of Summerisle.  There he encounters odd characters and events that taunt and frustrate his every effort to uncover the truth behind the strange culture of the islanders, until, at the end, he finally discovers the secret of Summerisle and meets the wicker man, and his fate.  <br />The Wicker Man was called \\"the Citizen Kane of horror films\\" by the genre magazine Cinefantastique in its Winter 1977 issue, which was almost entirely devoted to the making of the movie.  I wouldn't go quite that far, but it is an engrossing film, worthy of many viewings.  I'd never heard of it until I read about it in the magazine, but when I bought my first VCR in 1982 and started collecting movies, it was one of the first movies I bought, right along with Alien, King Kong, and Star Wars.  Heady company, indeed!  And thanks to Cinefantastique I knew enough to get the uncut 102 minute version from Media Home Entertainment.  I was not disappointed!  I recommend The Wicker Man to all fans of British horror films (and who isn't?)  Now that the DVD has been released, I'm looking forward to seeing it on that medium as well!
B000002U82|5.0|Roger Waters was the mad scientist of rock. Dark Side proves this. This was the most revolutionary album of the 70's. No doubt about it. According to interveiws with the man behind the pink, (dont tell me that Gilmour was the man behind P.F. I hear that way too much) Dark Side is about the simple fact that everyday modern life will drive you insane if you're not careful. But here's where it gets frightingly deep, the album asks, is it better to drive on in the dreary modern world where everyday is like the last? Or is it better to simply lose yourself in insanity? Waters was nuts but I am very VERY glad that he was nuts.
0812550706|5.0|I first read Ender's Game for school about 6 months ago for school, and I loved it.  It's a wonderful tale of Ender Wiggin, who leaves his family at the age of 6 to train to become the commander of Earth's fleet against an alien race.  Everyone who I talk to either loved this book, or hated it, most loving it.  If you like this book and want more, there is a series of 3 more books, and a series of &quot;parallel&quot; novels which is currently 2 books, but will be 4 when complete.  I recently read this book again, and it was just as good, if not better than the first time.  I hope everyone who reads this takes the time to read Ender's Game.
B00003CXSP|1.0|We have only the word of the opening credits that talented people like Steve Zaillian, David Mamet and Ridley Scott were involved in this witless, mostly boring and stupidly gory sequel to \\"Silence Of The Lambs.\\"<br />The 2 disc DVD package is nicely produced and includes a documentary called \\"Breaking the Silence,\\" interviews with cast and crew and a series of deleted scenes.<br />Everyone involved would have been better off if the entire film was deleted.
B00004WLXZ|5.0|Put this disc in your player, turn up the volume, turn out the lights and prepare to be fascinated, horrified, stunned, assualted, and dazzled. This is not art but artful propaganda of the highest order. The full impact is only realized by viewing it beginning to end without interuption. Stay with it through the seemingly endless troop review and you will understand why that interminable sequence exists. Leave the historical commentary for later.  This film is powerfully disturbing even 66 years after it was created. It is impossible to discern the power it might have had when first released. It must have at once reassured the German people and invoked fear in the rest of the world. The film is rife with premonitions of what the future will hold.  It is not easy to sit through 120 minutes of Hitler worship but it has it's rewards. The editing is flawless, the changing rythmn of the edits building to a crescendo. The metaphors, sexual and otherwise are everywhere. In our sophisticated age the manipulation of the viewer is obvious, but the very obviousness of it reveals the insidious intent. This is such a powerful film that it is impossible to communicate its effect. It must be seen to be comprehended. A must see for every student of the motion picture, politics, mass psychology, or the power of myth.
B000002TQV|5.0|Oh, Radiohead of the mid-90s... where have you gone? While Radiohead's last two albums (Kid A and Amnesiac) are still light years ahead and above the rest of the \\"mainstream\\" rock 'n roll crowd (is there one anymore?), they have meandered away from their expertise: eloquent, deep, amazing, lyric and guitar based rock songs. The Bends is the only album of its kind (straight-forward rock without the grunge or the electronica) that Radiohead has produced, and it is rightfully ranked by all major music reviewers as not only one of the best albums of the 1990s, but among the best albums in the brief history of rock 'n roll music. While, back-to-back, \\"High and Dry\\" and \\"Fake Plastic Trees\\" are the 2 most radio-friendly songs of the album, they are only part of a group of individually unique poems that fit together to make a disc that will be ranked as a classic for many years to come.
0312243022|5.0|Easily one of the best novels I've read in the last few years.  Michael Cunningham's brilliant prose (and keen gift for observation)is truly haunting.  I read it on a long domestic flight and was nearly in tears by the end (odd, since I'm not a very emotional person).  I didn't want it to end (and it was supremely annoying that other passengers were riotously laughing while watching a film comedy).  I intend to read &quot;Mrs. Dalloway&quot; and then reread &quot;The Hours&quot; immediately afterwards (for I'm certain Cunningham has littered his novel with nuances I didn't get without reading the other novel).  I can't recommend this novel strongly enough.
0064409422|5.0|C. S. Lewis should get the Medal of Honor and retroactive tax-free citizenship for writing this book.  Yes, it is that powerful!<br />This is the first written and second in the Narnia Chronicals.  It tells the story of Jesus Christ's Atonement through the fable or allegory of Aslan and Edmund.  Edmund, the traitor, sells his sibling over to the White Which, who keeps Narnia under a spell.  A nasty spell where it is always winter, but never Christmas--a child's concept of Hell!<br />Aslan, invoking the &quot;deeper magic&quot; of the Atonement offers himself up as a sacrifice to propitiate the law. Once dead, he rises and frees the Narnians who have been turned to stone.  Peter, the oldest, takes on the Witch, but doesn't attack her, but attacks her wand and then subdues her.<br />The three most brilliant thing about this book are:<br />1) The focus on the Atonement as the central doctrine.<br />2) Recognition of the Atonement as the starting point for the Christian.<br />3) Recognition that life does not end at the Atonement and being born again--there is the rough road of sanctification.  The Six other novels, then rest from the Shadowlands!
B00005J6UP|5.0|If you grew up in the 80's, you know that some of the movies were just awful. But the Goonies had such an appeal because of imagination involved and a great storyline. It's a bit of fantasy with a could-be reality touch. It brings you back to when you were in with a bunch of kids seeking adventure in your own backyard. <br />The scenery in this movie is great, they really did a good job on location and setting. Also, the props were second-to-none. The acting was professional for a bunch of kids, and the writing had some solid depth since this movie doesn't show it's age all that much. It's a good movie for the kids, maybe age 10 and up, and it's rated accordingly. A good buy for your DVD library.
B000002H33|5.0|This is hands down, the best album know to the universe!! It's so brutal, poetic, powerful, and perfect!  There is nothing better than this masterpeice.<br />Battery:  Incredibly fast and furious!! METAL!!!!<br />Master Of Puppets:  Very heavy, yet it has tons of depth.  Very meaningful subject. Great vocals and blistering solo.<br />The Thing That Should Not Be:  Based on an H.P. Lovecraft story, this song is just wicked. Amazing.  Hetfield sounds ferocious singing this one.<br />Welcome Home (Sanitarium):  Along the lines of \\"One\\" (\\"...And Justice For All\\"), this is a killer balland, then it turns into a raging mass if riffs, drums, and thundering bass lines (provided by the best bassist ever Cliff Burton, RIP.)<br />Disposable Heroes: One of the heaviest songs ever!! Very fast and Lars plays some of his best drums on this song.<br />Leper Messiah:  About the evils of televangelists. Great song and very heavy.<br />Orion:  Incredible.. That's the only word I can say about this masterpeice. It's the best instrumental ever composed, simple as that.<br />Damage Inc.:  WHOA!!! HEAVY (...)METAL!!!!!!!!<br />GREATNESS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B00003CXP1|1.0|Haha, actually I didn't see it yet, the Simpsons came on.
B00000DLUV|5.0|Bee Gees is one of those great groups that just never fade away. Just when you thought you had outgrown / forgotten them, they bounce back with a new album or a compilation such as this one (a live performance in the US) and the feeling of nostalgia is exactly like a warm blanket and hot chicken soup on a cold rainy day !! Seriously !!<br />I have been listening to the group (on and off and in between albums) for almost 20 years now (am 32) and everytime I return to them I get goose pimples the first time I hear them, especially after a long hiatus. This particular compilation has some of the best songs of the group (though the smash hit &quot;You win again&quot; from the album ESP was missed). The group is was always and will always be one of my personal favorites and I would strongly recommend this album.
B00005O3VD|5.0|This is THE movie I have been waiting for on DVD!  It has been my favorite film since I was a kid and saw it on a Sunday matinee on tv.<br />I can't wait to see it in letterbox.  Finally, we will see Anne Francis face when she sticks her head in the dressing room and asks &quot;Did he fire ya yet??&quot;  I hope they punched up the color and hopefully there will be added stuff like on the Way We Were DVD.  That is a great DVD also.   This is THE star turn for Barbra.  I feel safe to say it is her best performance ( although some feel TWWW is).  All I know is I am SO thrilled to add it to my DVD collection.  Now all we need is What's Up Doc? and On a Clear Day......ENJOY!!!!!!
B00000JG4N|5.0|After the slightly disappointing &quot;Girls, Girls, Girls&quot;, Motley Crue went sober and created a monster.  They got their screw drivers and tightened thier creative minds back where they belong; in rock n roll madness!!!!  This is one of the Crue's best and certainly a kick in the mouth to all the naysayers who said the Crue was done.
B00003CX5P|3.0|On the whole, this was very disappointing.<br />First, I will say that watching the two Jedi's fight with light-sabers made me grin from ear-to-me.  The memories it brought back of pretending to be a Jedi knight, fighting trees with my broomstick, were joyful.<br />But then it ended.  This one continued the downward slide into silly, childish, merchandising begun with Episode Six.  I thought the failure of Return of the Jedi were the Ewoks.  Neither the original nor Empire Strikes Back had characters whose only purpose was to bring in little kids.  They were annoying and belonged on a Saturday morning caroon.  In fact, we can only assume that the merchandising wizard Lucas created them for that purpose.<br />Now we have Jar-Jar Binks.  Ripped from the Disney formula of having a stupid side-kick in every movie, this character is an unfortunate metaphor for the movie.  Where the original had villans and action, this has stooges and games.  Even the &quot;king&quot; of the underwater people was more of a clown than a leader.  But I'm sure the action figures moved a lot of McDonald's Happy Meals.<br />And the pod race was an unecessary repeat of the forest race in Return of the Jedi which was itself a rip-off of Ben Hur and just about every James Bond movie.<br />And was Darth Maul the biggest let-down in movie history.  For weeks we hear of this villan and see his ridiculous face everwhere -- do they ever explain what happened to his head -- and he does nothing for the plot.  Lots of bragging, one big fight, he kills Liam Neesan and dies.  What's up with that?  Well, maybe he sold enough action figures that Lucas will bring him back in the nest installment.
6303695205|5.0|I am reordering this video because my old one got misplaced.  This video is the &quot;bomb&quot; for strengthening and toning one's lower body to include glutes, hamstrings, quads, and even hits a little bit of the calf sufficiently.  I also found it invaluable after having a major knee operation and needing a safer alternative to strengthening my legs before progressing to strength training via  weights.  It is also a great cardiovascular workout if do even at least two of the workout segments back to back.  This a great warm-up to your weight training session or can serve as the ultimate 20 to 30 minute workout when combining multiple segements together.  Doing all three segments together may leave you with little in the &quot;tank&quot; if you want to weight afterwards less you well conditioned. If you do this tape consistently you &quot;WILL&quot; get results and it requires no free weights or step devices.  Just make the space in a room and you are you are up and breathing - hard!  I have been doing this tape for four years and am overjoyed now that I have found it again via my order here on this site.  Thank you.
B00005KHJR|1.0|I WAS REALLY LOOKING FORWARD TO THIS DVD SET. THIS IS A TERRIFIC MOVIE IN ITS ORIGINAL VERSION. THE VERSION YOU DO NOT GET IN THIS SET. YOU GET THE HACKED UP 84 MINUTE RELEASE AND THEN THE EXPANDED VERSION WICH IS STILL NOT THE FULL 103 MINUTE RELEASE.   I AM SENDING MINE BACK ASAP.ANCHOR BAY USALLY DOES A MUCH BETTER JOB OF GETTING OUT THE CORRECT VERSION OF A FILM. THEY REALLY DROP THE BALL ON THIS ONE. WHAT A SHAME.
0060392886|5.0|Maybe I'm biased, considering I think Motley Crue is the best hard rock band that ever existed, but this is the best biography I've ever feasted my eyes upon.  Nikki's and Mick's stories are the ones that entertained me the most. Vince's story on Skylar ripped me up, that a very sad chapter.  Great story, and NOT what you might expect.
B000002UV9|5.0|For those of you out there who are already die-hard progressive rock fans, I'm just preaching to the choir here, so you might as well just stop reading.  But, for everyone else...I am fairly new to the whole progressive rock scene, having long shrugged it off as being pretentious and verbose.  That is not at all fair.  Despite this, Queensryche is a band I've always liked, but never known much about.  I have definitely missed out.  Queensryche is a very talented band, with complex musicianship and intelligent lyrics.  And, some of their best stuff can be found here.  &quot;Jet City Woman&quot; is a classic, and rightfully so, &quot;Silent Lucidity&quot; is a Pink Floyd-like ballad that is just amazing.  &quot;Resistance&quot; and the title track are probably not as well-known, but still very good.  Then, there's my personal favorite, &quot;Another Rainy Night (Without You)&quot;.  Why this was left off the greatest hits album is beyond me.  I would have to say that this is probably one of the best songs I've ever heard.  Geoff Tate's amazing vocals are at their peak here.  This guy will make you feel.  The rest of the songs I have not mentioned (mainly &quot;Hand on Heart&quot; and &quot;Della Brown&quot;) are also good, making for what is simply one of the best albums ever made.  I don't have &quot;Operation Mindcrime&quot;, so I can't fairly make a comparison, but I was more excited about getting this one, so it's quite possible that it's even better than &quot;Mindcrime&quot;.  Queensryche may not be as mindblowingly good as, say, Dream Theater (admittedly, the only thing they have on DT is Geoff, and that isn't by much), but they are a classic band that every fan of rock/metal should check out.  My next QR buy shall be &quot;Operation Mindcrime&quot;.
B00005J7VJ|5.0|I have to say that this album is really groovy! It is definately at the top of my list for the modern genre of urban grooves/house music. I think the advantage with an album like this is that due to the almost Techno\alternative flavour in the bass, it is a good medium for introducing todays youth into jazz. &quot;Surething&quot; is a great track and my favouirte by far, it combines many different aspects of jazz and urban sound to create a distinct blend.
B00005K3OT|5.0|This is a really good movie about a woman and her daughter who travel all over making Mayan chocolate and bringing it to different places. They move to a small town in France where she tries to sell her chocolate during lent, and everyone in this village is very religious. She helps someone find a new life and falls in love with a man who is disaproved by the mayor of the town. This is a great movie. I definetely reccomend it.
B00000IMTF|5.0|This album has the greatest songs ever created: Stargazer and A Light in Black. Stargazer is the best. I love it. I have listened it about one hundred times. I do this again and again. Beautiful, gothic,amazing , It brings you to a different world, full of magic, knights, dragons and kings. Listen to it and you will see your Rainbow Rising.  A Light in Black is also fantastic.I would say that this song is the fastest ever created.  Buy this album, listen to it and you will never regret about that. It is FANTASY, pure FANTASY.
B000000993|5.0|How To Make The 1990s' Most Influencial Metal Record On A Working Man's Budget..... &quot;Keep your multi-million dollar contract signing bonus, we want complete artistic control.&quot; How do you become Heavy Metal's most important group since &quot;Black Sabbath&quot;? You can't be jaded by commercial jerky boys. When they told their label they could keep their signing check in trade for artistic freedom, it released the demon that is called &quot;Tool&quot;. The stripped-down-to-the-bone, flesh burning phenomenon is one of the most critically acclaimed recording artists to be born since Nirvana. Though they were born almost back to back, it took all of the old school dinosaurs nearly ten years to realize what underground Metalhead kids had known since Headbanger's Ball was cancelled. The value contained in this Sophmore effort by Tool is a reflection of &quot;Opiate&quot; their first EP. It's not another heavy metal record. This is the begining of a legacy. In much of the same way that Pink Floyd accuired non-commercial success, Tool has paved their own road to hell and back to bring us music that is more intelligent than AC/DC and means more to the next generation than a California Girl means to David Lee Roth. &quot;Undertow&quot; is not a headbanger's record. It is built on a foundation of musicians who all command their instruments in a musically intelligent way. Looking for buzz-saw &quot;Pantera&quot; type malarky? Look elsewhere....this is music.
B000002UAI|5.0|&quot;Beatles for Sale&quot; is indeed one of the weaker entries in the Fab Four's body of work, however it is still a darned good album. The eight originals -- all well executed-- hint at the remarkable heights the group would reach 12 months later with the groundbreaking &quot;Rubber Soul&quot;. &quot;No Reply&quot; and &quot;I'm a Loser&quot; expanded the grown-up themes explored on &quot;I'll be Back&quot; and &quot;Things We Said Today&quot; from the group's previous effort-- the marvelous &quot;A Hard Day's Night&quot;.(Released just 4 1/2 months earlier...) The maturity of these songs, along with that of &quot;Baby's in Black&quot; and the haunting &quot;I'll Follow the Sun&quot;, are the first signs that the lovable mop-tops were about to shed their image. &quot;Eight Days a Week&quot;, a classic pop-gem complete with ringing guitars and heavenly harmonies, broke no new ground but nevertheless reached # 1 on the US charts. Lyrically &quot;Every Little Thing&quot; and &quot;What You're Doing&quot; fall back on the Boy/Girl theme of earlier efforts, but the interesting instrumental texture (tympani, piano, sparse guitar) is a precursor of better things to come. Of course, the downside of &quot;Beatles For Sale&quot; is the over-reliance on cover songs. Of the six covers, only Buddy Holly's beautiful &quot;Words of Love&quot; seems fit within the context of Beatles' originals. The others seem clunky -- disrupting the flow of an otherwise strong album. In hindsight, perhaps it would've been wiser to release an EP. Or, perhaps, a shorter album consisting of, say, the eight originals and only two covers. But, &quot;Beatles For Sale&quot; is what it is. 1964 was a huge year for the Beatles -- two albums, a groundbreaking film, Ed Sullivan, the first American tour, etc -- so, if they let the world down a little with &quot;For Sale&quot;, they can be forgiven. It is doubtful that any other artist could release an album as strong as &quot;For Sale&quot; if faced withthe same treacherous schedule and pressure the Beatles endured.
B00000BKE0|4.0|This may not be the greatest Maiden album ever, but it is an average representation of their sound. They do have Bruce on this album, and that is one of its many saving graces. Although some of the songwriting may pale in comparison to that of other Maiden albums, remember that it is better than anything they ever did with Blaze Bayley (I heard one song they did with him, and that was enough for me!!) and that it still is an enjoyable listen although not quite on the same level as such magna opi as Piece of Mind, Somewhere in Time or Brave New World. Although it may and has alienated some hardcore fans, The bulk of the album may send the unconverted or casual Maiden fans into rapture, particularly &quot;Bring Your Daughter......To The Slaughter&quot; and &quot;Holy Smoke.&quot;
B00005B36H|4.0|nima it is not! After releasing the groundbreaking LP &quot;nima&quot; in the mid 90's, we would expect something with a little more work put into it than &quot;Lateralus&quot; has. Especially after a recess of six long years. In all fairness we have three possible songs that are candidates to enter Tool's library of delightfully erratic and bizarre, Lysergic Acid conducive videos. &quot;Schism&quot;, &quot;Lateralus&quot; and &quot;Reflection&quot; (If they can bring themselves to chop the first useless 5 minutes of the song off.) The rest of this cd is track after track of what seems like interludes or intermissions that are mere variations of songs to come and songs past. This may serve as a small bowl of soup before a meal to serve to us in order to fatten an EP into a full sized LP course meal. Like the skimpy boxed set they duped all of us &quot;fans&quot; with, &quot;Salival&quot;, we are standing here saying &quot;Where's all the music?&quot; The actual music that we do have here is fresh indeed, but if you are a troubled teen do not expect a terrible surge of rage or a release of any kind of anxiety. This is sitters music. An artist can't hang on to all their post-adolescent rage forever. Listen and enjoy without the need to mosh. In much the same way that success and attenion has quieted the hatred and isolated rage in Trent Reznor, the anger in little Maynard has cooled in proportionate ammounts. Barely scraping up something angry like frustraton with fans and their need to consume in order to push the song &quot;Ticks and Leeches&quot;. It is aparent that his heart is not in the anger business anymore. &quot;I hope you're choking. I hope you choke on this......This is what you wanted? This is what you had in mind? Well this is what you're getting! SUCK ME DRY!&quot; (Ticks and leeches excerpts) Sorry. When I asked him how he maintained the creative drive for two commercially successful bands he replied &quot;Steroids&quot; and then high handedly returned to what he was doing. Not too many months later Lateralus came out and it became obvious that &quot;Steroids&quot; is not his drug of choice. Although nobody has twisted his eclectic arm to join aperfectcirlce, maybe aperfectcircle can be used as a good way to skim the Tool crowd for real music lovers. APC will stay together and all the goth girls can follow him around that project so the real fans can get into the exclusive Tool shows sprinkled around the country.
B000002UAU|5.0|This is an excellent CD.  The Beatles were now working full time in the studio and their music was getting more creative.  Every song on this CD is brilliant. The title song is great.  If you like the Beatles, buy this.  You won't be disapointed.
B00004U8PA|5.0|This is not a first-time-you-see-it-fall-in-love-with-it movie.  This takes about 3 tries.. but WORTH the wait.  The first time, you're kind of like, &quot;what the hell was that?&quot;  The second time it dawns on you, and the third time's a charm, you'll become hooked!  Richard O'Brien has a real talent, You'll be hooked on the songs for sure, It's impossible to get Hot Patootie out of your head, and equally as difficult to rid yourself of &quot;Sweet Transvestite&quot; Not to mention, who can possibly resist Tim Curry, what an amazing performance!  This is a real &quot;sensual daydream to treasure forever&quot; BUY IT! :D
0393312836|4.0|Often as readers we like to stay within our comfort zone of understanding disguised as a genre or favorite Author. It's when we break from our solace that we learn something new and expand our thoughts. With it's futuristic slang and disturbing, yet sometimes comical satire, this book is an enjoyable yet challenging (to finish at a normal pace) read. Although first published in the early 1960's, A Clockwork Orange is timeless.
B00003CXRM|5.0|will be required.  This is a very funny highly enjoyable movie.  You cannot watch it just once to fully appreciate the whole thing.  To get all that is in this movie you need to own it.  The first viewing will just whet your appetite, if it doesn't trust me and watch it again.  You enjoyment will grow with each viewing.    The story centers around Everett McGill (Clooney) trying to get back to his wife and some buried treasure.  To accomplish this he brings his prison buddies who are shackled to him (Turtorro and Nelson).  This trio finds adventure and humor in the Klan, Bad politicians, loose women, backstabbing family, Bible salesmen, and all manner of quirky characters on their journey.  The characters are wonderful. The performances by the entire cast are fantastic.  This is not a George Clooney movie you have come to expect.  He is so different and fresh and funny you won't expect the performance you are seeing.  His costars are equally perfect. You will find yourself reciting lines from the movie that are bound to become classics.    On top of all this is the music.  This is bluegrass and oldtimey sounds.  I realize that most people are probably not fans of this type stuff and honestly neither was I, but the Coen brothers make it work.  The music is half the fun.  I find myself singing the songs around the house.   It is a movie that can be watched by the family.  There area  few bits of profanity, not too much but the story and the humor and especially the music can be enjoyed by everyone.
B00005JSGK|5.0|This was one of the first movies to combine the majesty of Africa with a amusing plot and compelling Mancini music score. The Duke plays it true to type but it is director Howard Hawks' wonderful use of Africa's natural beauty and its animals that elevates this above the usual Wayne fare.  Groundbreaking moviemaking it is not, but for sheer G-rated enjoyment and some truly memorable scenes/music it is hard to top. According to Hawks the actors actually captured the animals themselves (no stunt doubles) and there is little reason to doubt him since this was way before the computer effects seen in Forrest Gump.  The mark of a great movie is that it is timeless. Unless you knew the Duke's bio intimately you could not tell what decade it was shot.  Stunning visuals, a crisp tongue-in-cheek script, a chart-topping song (true--Baby Elephant Walk), and the Duke poking a little fun at himself, Hatari! is a movie that does not take itself too seriously but still delivers the goods many times over.  I've seen it 50 times since it first came out and am always a little sad at the end that it ended. They don't make them that way any more.  This is a movie you can enjoy with the family or can leave in the hands of a baby sitter and not worry that your kids. Highest possible &quot;fun&quot; rating. In its own way as good as anything the Duke did. Watch it again and listen to how versatile Mancini's score is. Still my all-time favorite movie.
B00005N83O|5.0|This is surley jennifer Lopez's best work. With the spanish songs and the english is truley splendid. All her songs are simply beatiful and are just to dance to I urge you to buy this album.
1558216847|5.0|It would seem those who review this story as &quot;unbelievable&quot; have never found themselves in a situation they MUST endure...for example, the situation in which labouring women find themselves.....where one must reach deep inside for the strenth and courage to continue....when one's desire to live outstrips the tempation to give up. For other&quot;unbelievable&quot; examples, I would refer them to the myriad of Holocaust survivors, those of the ill-fated ship Endurance, or of southeast asian boat refugees. Perhaps if these reviewers found themselves in a similar situation, they would discover their own &quot;unbelievable&quot; resources.
B000000HTM|2.0|I tried hard but never really enjoyed this CD.  If you're looking for anything super melodic and/or heavy this may not be for you.  I can understand how some would like this CD though.  It is unique, but not my cup of tea.
B00004Y6NT|5.0|What a great band in their prime! Warner Bros. have remastered the Dire Straits catalog (too bad they didn't add bonus cuts) and they sound better than ever. Communique is a great album.There is not a dud on the album. Not one. The guitar work is jazzy,melodic,and crisp. Mark Knopfler is a great musician. This came out originally in  1979 but it's sound is timeless. Smooth, masterful soundscape with great story/lyrics.  &quot;Angel of mercy,angel delight, give me my reward in heaven tonight.&quot;  You will be rewarded when listening to this masterpiece.<br />Even though I have most of their catalog on tape/album, I have begun to purchase the remasters one by one. Next up is Brother's in Arms (Even though I can not stand the song Money for Nothing, it is the non-radio songs on it that shine for me). Fans of the first album &quot;Dire Straits&quot; may be interested in hearing those songs on the disc &quot;live at the BBC&quot;.
B00003CXZ4|5.0|At first, this movie is puzzlingly opaque. Who is this man, and why are events unfolding in such a strange way?  \\"Memento\\" attempts- and succeeds at- the very difficult task of telling a story from two very different perspectives: That of a man with (as we slowly learn) anterograde amnesia (often incorrectly called \\"short term memory loss), and that of the people around him with whom he interacts. What makes it even more difficult is that the two narratives appear to be unfolding in different directions, with respect to time. What actually happened- and when did it happen? Who is telling the truth? Who is manipulating whom?<br /><br />This is an adventurous and totally original bit of filmmaking that strikes out in a completely unfamiliar direction. The cast and acting are absolutely superb, the script is tightly paced, without a single word of wasted dialogue, and the cinematography creates a gritty, noir feeling. The result is a a movie with uncanny sense of realism and individual alienation that pulls the viewer in and holds their attention right up to the end.
B000050XEI|5.0|A little short, but none-the-less beautiful music.
B000005H4K|5.0|Somehow I managed to be a jazz fan for over 30 years and yet never heard this album until last week. All I can say is- wow!<br />Just the treat of hearing Mingus and Roach- perhaps the finest rhythm section players of the post-war era- playing together is enough of a treat. Add the rare experience of hearing Duke Ellington (whom Mingus worshipped) playing in a trio, and you've got something really special. Put all three of them together and an incredible experience. Mingus and Roach's powerful playing seesm to be almost taunting the Duke, pushing him to play beter. And he responds with stunning, firey playing.<br />If you're a jazz fan and you haven't heard this album, buy it now. Or buy two, in case you lose one. It's right up there with &quot;Kind of Blue&quot;, &quot;A Love Supreme&quot; and &quot;Mingus Ah Um&quot; as one of the greatest jazz albums ever made.
B00005LKHW|1.0|I'm 18 years old and I'm sorry for sounding like my parents, but this movie is just stupid. It's also pointless and sick. I mean two high school guys want to loose their virginity before prom night? Give me a freakin' break! Who wants to see that? Not me. <br />I think teen movies these days are about nothing but sex. And Movies like this just messes up the minds of teens. Their lives are screwed by either catching STD's or becoming a parent at an early age after becoming obsessed with sex. It's sad, but true. Don't even bother with this movie or the sequel. <br />Peace out y'all.
B000003S5H|4.0|Moon Safari is many things, but I must be the one person who does not see it as moving. Mellow certainly, uplifting maybe, but moving? I don't think so. There's no sense of depression to warrant such a label - just an album chock full of inch-perfect melodies which are more companion than confrontation. There's no need to listen, the music's just there if you need it - and once you own the album, you'll feel as though you DO need it. I love the album, I respect other people's opinions. I just don't always agree!
0385335482|4.0|This book was a fantastic read!  It is so easy to relate to Rebecca's frustration with debt and how she is afraid she'll never get out of it.  I highly recommend this twenty-something single career woman book.  It reminded me a lot of Bridget Jones and Jemima J.  There were times when I would laugh out loud or roll my eyes!
B00003CXTF|5.0|Ben Affleck and Josh Hartnett give an outstanding performance in friendship and loyalty to one another. I give this movie 5 stars including for best picture nomination. I loved it and hope it is a best seller!
B00005B36H|4.0|(I wrote two reviews of \\"Lateralus,\\" this is a revision of the more disparaging one.)<br />Well, Tool delivered what Nine Inch Nails were too afraid to--a stubborn, inaccessible masterpiece.  Unlike NIN, which took the foolish quantity-over-quality route and bored us to death with two discs of \\"The (I've-Heard-This-All-Before) Fragile\\", Tool have created an album designed to either alienate their existing fan base or attract new blood.  I guess I can put myself in with the latter, seeing as how my first Tool experience wasn't a good one--back in '97, a friend loaned me \\"Aenima,\\" and not only did I think the album was a mass of directionless noise, it also gave me a headache.  So, years pass and Maynard James Keenan's offshoot project, A Perfect Circle, comes into being--I really enjoyed \\"Mer De Noms,\\" decided to give \\"Aenima\\" another chance, and was surprised at how much my tastes had expanded, because I loved the album.  As if I haven't said it enough already, \\"Lateralus\\" is an extremely stubborn album, and I refuse to believe the glowing first-day reviews of this album even remotely grasped it from a fair critical perspective.  I was persistent, and kept listening to it, even though it would never impress me much, until one night, after about 30+ listens, it blew me out of my seat.  I'm not sure what it was, but musically and lyrically, it came together. \\"Lateralus\\" expands upon past Tool tracks such as 'Stinkfist,' 'Eulogy,' and 'Forty-Six & 2' by adding a middle-east flavor to the whole affair.  The musicians themselves are in top form, delivering a thoughtful masterpiece that was designed specifically to piss off people who were expecting \\"Aenima Tool.\\"  Be sure to download the lyrics from a reliable site, cut the lights, and enjoy \\"Lateralus.\\"  If you allow it time to sink it, this is one of the best albums of the past year.<br />Two complaints: the annoying division of 'Parabol' and 'Parabola' into two separate tracks; and the -0:02 countdowns between most tracks which severely impair the flow of the album.acks which severely impair the flow of the album.
B00003CXTG|3.0|Wait until January to buy this! They have a 3disc one coming out soon!
B00005LMBK|5.0|i am writing this review after listening to the WHOLE cd.  After i purchased it ... i listened to the first parts of all the songs (except clint eastwood) and was extremely dissapointed and thought i had just wasted  $...  But then I listend to the ALL of the songs ALL of the way through and was pleasantly surprised.  The mix of every type of music u can think of rocks.  Anyone who scores this under 5 stars has not listend to the whole cd, ...
0440178002|5.0|Clavell's sensitivity to Japan's culture and ancient history makes this book a very good instrument for understanding the country in present days.  Much of what is described in the book appears in the present as a heritage, reconstructed by the &quot;social imagination&quot; in different important ways,  and it makes it possible to better appreciate the drastic changes opperated in modern Japan.  Plus, the plot is great fun and Clavell gives us a multicultral perspective, with emphasis on japanese perspective, on 16th century Japan and on the events he created. Being a foreigner in the country, it was great reading this book.
B00004RFFS|5.0|Let me begin by saying that I have not read the book and am judging the movie solely on its own merits. &quot;Interview with the Vampire&quot; is a luscious, guilty pleasure of modern filmmaking, visually resplendent and with wonderful performances by all (including Christian Slater, Antonio Banderas and Stephen Rea). It follows the adventures of Louis de Pont du Lac (Brad Pitt), a 200-year-old vampire hailing from Louisiana, as he recounts the story of his life (and unlife) to interviewer Daniel Malloy (Christian Slater). Along the way we meet his maker Lestat de Lioncourt (Tom Cruise), his &quot;daughter&quot; Claudia (Kirsten Dunst), and Armand (Antonio Banderas), leader of the Parisian vampires.<br />Tom Cruise, in my mind, perfectly portrays the elder vampire Lestat...beautiful, cunning, selfish, a seducer, many of the same qualities present in Armand, and possesses an excess of dark humour. Brad Pitt's Louis still clings to the last shreds of his humanity...his sense of right and wrong, the value of life, the horror of killing in order to survive (angstmaster Nick Knight from &quot;Forever Knight&quot; springs to mind). There is a lack of onscreen romantic tension between Cruise and Pitt...something that makes their relationship seem less immediate and binding. However, there is definitely a spark between Louis and Armand (Antonio Banderas), and it was easy to believe that Louis was tempted to stay as a companion to such an intelligent, beautiful vampire who could teach him the answers to his questions. Kirsten Dunst is phenomenal as Claudia, the vampire with the mind and desires of a woman eternally trapped in the body of a doll-child.<br />The visuals are lavish, moody, stunningly brilliant, especially the world of 1800's New Orleans with its brocades, silks, and elaborate dresses. The atmosphere is appropriately dark, with plenty of fog and menacing nighttime damp. Elliot Goldenthal's score is string-driven, pulsing, tense, and underscores the action perfectly, the crowning piece being &quot;Libera Me&quot;.<br />Yes, this film is graphic at times, including two very graphic scenes involving mutilation, numerous &quot;feedings,&quot; homoeroticism, and brief nudity, but &quot;Interview with the Vampire&quot; is an unconventional drama that probes the meaning of life, death, love, seduction, and regret. More than anything Anne Rice's vampires make us realize the conventions and trappings of humanity.ctly, the crowning piece being &quot;Libera Me&quot;. <br />Yes, this film is graphic at times, including two very graphic scenes involving mutilation, numerous &quot;feedings,&quot; homoeroticism, and brief nudity, but &quot;Interview with the Vampire&quot; is an unconventional drama that probes the meaning of life, death, love, seduction, and regret. More than anything Anne Rice's vampires make us realize the conventions and trappings of humanity.
0316920045|2.0|<BR> A recent article in the Atlantic Monthly criticized the new crop of literary muckity-muck authors for being more interested in demonstrating their writing prowess to each other, than in formulating an interesting plot. A plot that is too interesting, apparently, can even be construed as pandering to the reader.  The article's author must have read Infinite Jest.<br />This book, when read a paragraph at a time, establishes beyond doubt that Wallace writes well.  But the plot moves excruciatingly slow.  By page 200 I had to pump myself up to read more.  By page 300 I was not sufficiently interested in the story or characters to read any further.<br />To demonstrate to my wife the nature of Wallace's writing I randomly opened the book and read a page.  The passage, - a literary wonk's dream, described a coatrack falling and shearing the doorknob off a door.  Wallace spent half a page describing the circular motion of the doorknob as it rolled on the floor, including not one, but two mathematical diagrams.  <br />There were some funny passages, but ultimately not enough for me.  If you're not in a hurry and have a high tolerance for descriptive  meanderings you might like this book.  I, however,  humbly admit to being among the uncouth masses with only a moderate attention span and relatively unsophisticated literary tastes who just doesn't get a book like this (if there is, in fact, anything to get - because perhaps this book should be retitled, The Emporer's New Book).<BR>
B00003CXRP|4.0|This movie would make a good screensaver.  Or better yet, a GigaPet.  Just check in now and then.  &quot;Oh, what is Chuck doing now?&quot;  &quot;Oh, Chuck is still trying to open that darn coconut.&quot;<br />I'm only half-kidding.
B00003CXXJ|5.0|What a bloody fantastic movie!! This isnt even a Disney movie! When i found that out i thought it wouldnt be anygood, but i know why Disney knocked it back... a bit rude and crude for a Disney film. But John Lithgos character is based on a person from Disney who knocked back the movie and i reckon good on them for doing that! Its a movie that will be liked from ages 5-500! its the funniest anamated movie ever made and with the fantastic cast involved you will agree! Go SHREK!!!!!!!!!
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I'm so pleased that they released this fabulous Beatles album as I am a big fan of this band. All of the songs on here are great especially &quot;The Ballad Of John and Yoko&quot; since I'm a big fan of them both. My other favorites are Day Tripper, We Can Work It Out, Paperback Writer, All you need is Love, Yellow Submarine, Let It Be, and The Long and Winding Road. But I like all the rest that I didn't mention. This cd is a must-have for all Beatle fans like me especially since its been so popular over the past year. So go out and buy it!
B000056VJ7|1.0|It is difficult to understand why, here in the early days of the 21st century, there is anybody who would have much interest in Meat Loaf and his dreadful breakthrough album &quot;Bat Out of Hell.&quot;  Pompous, bombastic, and ghastly overblown, it clearly represents the worst of late 70's excesses and, given the nature of that decade this is saying quite a bit.<br />The album is (over)produced by Todd Rundgren, but the bombast of Rundgren's approach is only part of the problem.  The songs are the other.  Jim Stienman must rank among the worst songwriters of the rock era, and one listen to such painful atrocities such as &quot;Two Out of Three Ain't Bad,&quot; &quot;You Took The Words Right Out of My Mouth,&quot; and above all the miserable &quot;Paradise by the Dashboard Lights,&quot; proves such in spades.  It is shocking enough to realize that people snatched this album up back in the late 1970's.  It is downright embarrassing to know that there are still people nearly a quarter of a century later who still care about it.
0385335482|4.0|I enjoyed this book.  It was a light quick read for a lazy afternoon.  I must admit, I saw a lot of myself in the book.  Perhaps I'm a shopaholic and never realized it.  Unfortunately, I couldn't give it five stars because I could put it down.  It just didn't have the hook I had hoped for, it seemed to lack something.  The characters were amusing and fun, but I couldn't seem to root for them very easily.  The main character is fun and smart, but she seemed to lack the realness I had thought she would have.  On the whole though, it was light and fun, nothing too serious.
B00003CX5P|2.0|Very Disappointing.<br />I am a die hard Star Wars fan, which is why I believe I was so disappointed with this movie. I ended up seeing it twice on opening day, but fell asleep during the hour and a half &quot;plot- building&quot; portion of the movie the second time around. (Jedis fly to Naboo. Jedis kill droids. Jedis imitate Jaques Cousteau. Jedis rescus Queen. Jedis fly to Tatooine. Jedis watch boy in pod race. Jedis watch horribly over dramatic acting of future dark lord of the sith. Jedis fly to Corcusant...)<br />In my opinioin, this was a passable movie. It was entertaining at times, but I will not be seeing it thirteen times in the theater as I did for the first Star Wars. I did see it a second time, but only because I had already prepurchased the tickets. If it was up to me, I would have seen the Matrix a third time instead.<br />What was wrong:<br />* Lack of Epic Scale - If Episodes IV, V, and VI were comparable to World Wars I, II, and III (whenever that is going to be) then Episode I was equivalent to a civil war in a small South   American village. The first three movies were EPICS, they told stories of good vs evil on a galactic scale. Episode I told of a minor skirmish of political beauracracy that was very uninteresting.<br />* Lack of Memorable characters, droids, vehicles - The first series gave us Luke, Lei, Han, Darth Vader, C-3P0, R2-D2, Obi-Wan, Chewbacca, Boba Fett, Millenium Falcoln, the Death Star, Star Destroyers, X-wings, Y-wings, etc...This first movie gave us Obi-Wan. There are more characters and machinery that I would never want to see again, than see return. From a merchandising standpoint, how does Lucas expect to make any money of those ridiculous looking donut shaped warships? In particular, Darth Maul is a particularly weak character. The only time he shows up, is when it is time to deliver some much needed action to a dragging plot. There should never be comparissons between Maul and Vader, as they don't even come close to comparing. Vader is the embodiement of presence and character, whereas Maul is just some face painted goon.<br />* Terribly annyoing characters - Anakin, Jar Jar, anyone from the Trade Federation...Hopefully all of these characers will be dragged off and shot during the time between this movie and the   next.<br />* Horribly mangled English - Jar Jar, anyone from Naboo who was not a human, anyone from the Trade Federation, anyone from Tatooine who was not a human...When you can't understand what is being said, it really is hard to develop a plot.<br />* Awful acting - Anakin, every single extra or bit character...on the bright side, Liam Neeson, Ewan McGregor, and   Natalie Portman did a very good job, Ewan in particular. However, all of the bit characters were terrible. In particular, the Naboo fighter pilots stood out to me as terrible method    acting. (Note to future script writers and bit actors: whenever you speak aloud your observations or your thoughts, chances are yor acting will be unbelievable.)<br />* Bastardizing legends - Jedi explanation of the Force in Star Wars, &quot;A universal energy field that binds us all together, guiding our actions&quot;. Jedi explanation of the Force in Episiode I, &quot;A bacterial infection&quot;...I much prefered the religious and mythical overtones of the force in the first three movies to the genetic engineering of Episode I. Question: If we know that &quot;midichlorines&quot; create Force sensative individuals, why aren't there a couple billion genetically engineered Jedis out there?<br />* Transparaent &quot;surprises&quot; - About five minutes into the Naboo invasion, the Queen and &quot;Padme&quot; switch places, supposedly in secret. Yet, after seeing &quot;Padme&quot; on screen for about three seconds, i said to myself &quot;Self, why did the Queen take off her makeup?&quot;. Apparently the invading robot forces with their digitally enhanced optical inputs could not discern this difference as easily as my puny eyes.<br />* &quot;Nothing can beat Destroyer droids&quot; - According to this movie, two Destroyer droids can pretty much beat any invading force. These things show up twice in the movie, and while they are really cool to look at, they are apparently unbeatable to any invading force, whether human or Jedi. It is particularly galling that the two Jedis in the beginning of the movie, who have just mopped up anything the Trade Federation throw at them, run away so quickly after being set upoin by these droids. If these things are so great, why didn't the empire use them in episodes IV, V, and VI, and why in the world didnt the Trade Federation use these to invade Naboo instead of their pathetic &quot;Roger, Roger&quot; attack droids?!?<br />* Weak Beginning and End - The previous three movies started strongly and finished conclusively, even the second which had the arduous task of developing plot for the third movie. Episode I &quot;ended&quot;, and yet the movie kept going for another fifteen minutes.<br />It sounds more like I hated the movie than merely being disappointed, but it did have its bright spots. Ewan McGregor was great as Obi-Wan, the lightsaber duels were excellently coregraphed (but still a pale refelection of Obi-Wan vs. Darth Vader, Luke vs Darth in ESB, and Luke vs Darth in ROJ), the special effects were indeed very good (when not used merely as screen shots), and the plot answers some age old questions (Why did Obi-Wan teach Anakin himself? How did the Emperor come to power? Why does Anakin become Darth Vader). Yet there was far more wrong with the movie than was right. I think the ultimate test, is whether this movie would have made any money without the previous three movies. I strongly believe that Lucas would have lost a lot of money on this movie without the crutch of a twenty year old Star Wars legend to lean on.
0789723107|5.0|As a web designer (with 4 years of experience), i had a pretty good idea of how to make effective and good looking websites... A least, that's what i thought! This book puted terms on my ideas and made me look (and think) beyond the vision i had. I simply discover that i had a lot to learn and this could lead me to a new career. I defenitively recommend this book to any people involved in web (or other multimedia project) development.<br />This book did make me think... a lot more than i expected! Thanks Mr. Black for sharing all this experience throughout a well designed and illustrated book. I'll keep it presiously!
0783229526|5.0|i really need to go to vegas!
B00003CXRM|2.0|\\"Oh Brother, Where Art Thou?\\"  is ostensibly based on Homer's \\"The Odyssey,\\" but I have no reason to doubt the Coen Brothers when they say that they've never actually read it.  The film really has nothing to do with that epic poem other than the fact that the filmmakers throw plot elements from the original haphazardly into the mix every now and then.  Need a Cyclops?  Dress John Goodman up in an eye patch to no point or purpose.  Sirens?  Have the main characters stumble across three beautiful women singing and washing clothes by a riverside, even though the scene seems totally contrived and arbitrary in the context of the story.  The Coen Brothers' lack of familiarity with the original is only too apparent.<br />Actually, this is one of their worst films, no doubt about it - slow, arch, disjointed and heavy-handed in both its plotting and its humor.  The original \\"Odyssey\\" was an epic tale filled with adventure, high drama and great themes involving issues of courage, pride, commitment and love.  \\"Oh Brother\\" is none of these.  It is, in fact, silly, cramped and trivial.  The role of Ulysses has been assigned to George Clooney, as the leader of a trio of convicts who escape from a chain gang in the Depression Era Midwest.  As they roam the countryside, they encounter a myriad of bizarre, eccentric characters, some derived loosely from \\"The Odyssey\\" and some not.  None of it really works, partly due to the arbitrariness of the plotting and partly due to the fact that the humor is not very well executed.  In fact, most of the wit consists of having the actors overplay their facial expressions and accents.  As a result of these two factors, the strain never ceases to show.<br />So are there any good things to be found in \\"Oh Brother\\"?  Well, the movie does look good, thanks to fine cinematography and art direction, which beautifully capture the look of the dusty rural countryside of the 1930's.  And there is, of course, the occasional joke or idea that actually does work despite the fact that the film as a whole is a major disappointment.  Perhaps, in the case of this particular Coen Brothers film, the title is inadvertently symbolic.work despite the fact that the film as a whole is a major disappointment.  Perhaps, in the case of this particular Coen Brothers film, the title is inadvertently symbolic.
B000002UW1|3.0|R.E.M.'s last indie-label release before the big-budget stadium-rocker GREEN, R.E.M.'s DOCUMENT combines some of their strongest and weakest songs. Released in 1987, the album lacks the cohesive theme of the previous album LIFES RICH PAGEANT, but DOCUMENT nonetheless fits into a middle between excellence and disappointment.<br />The strong songs of the album include the title track, \\"Finest Worksong,\\" in which Michael Stipe calls industriousness a virtue in spite of its misuse by communism. \\"Welcome to the Occupation\\" is a scathing criticism of U.S. meddling in Central and South America and its betrayal of the promise of liberation theology. \\"Disturbance at the Heron House\\" is a solid song, even though Stipe has claimed no one has even decifered its true meaning. \\"It's the End of the World as We Know It (and I feel fine)\\" in spite of its overplayed status on the radio over the last decade, remains on of the finest songs of the 80s. The same goes for oft-misunderstood \\"The One I Love.\\"<br />Nonetheless, pretty much the secong half of DOCUMENT is completely uninteresting. Songs like \\"Lightnin' Hopkins\\" just completely fail.<br />If you want to hear R.E.M. from this era, I suggest getting LIFES RICH PAGEANT first. It's theme of idealistic revolution and its solid songwriting make it an essential. DOCUMENT can certainly wait.
B00003CX5P|2.0|I'm a huge Star Wars fan, and even though I give THE PHANTOM MENACE only two stars....I do it for good reason.<br />My opinion of PHANTOM MENACE is quite simply explained.  The original Star Wars looked real!!!  It looked real because it was real!! Models and sets. That was the beauty of it!<br />PHANTOM MENANCE, it seemed, was written in a manner to suit the computer effects they could do.  Many of the scenes served absolutely zero purpose, other than to show off the computer CGI JUNK.  Which, quite frankly, didn't transport the audience to a GALAXY FAR FAR AWAY, but instead into George Lucas' computer.<br />The other thing that ruined the movie for me, was the way they chopped up the final battle.  Cutting back and forth between the battle in the field and the lightsabre battle sucked the intensity, suspense and excitement right out of it.  Leaving me  going... humph, instead of WOW!!<br />It's a bad movie.  It's a cool movie, but it's a bad one....
B000001GQD|5.0|Richter's famous recording of Rachmaninov's C minor concerto deserves every bit of the attention it gets.  He builds up the intensity of the opening chords so perfectly!  And when the main theme finally enters, he doesn't rush through it (like Cliburn), but dwells on it to emphasize the intensity.  The slow movement is played just as it should be (very gently).  As for the Tchaikovsky B flat minor, I never could enjoy this piece, no matter who is playing it.  This CD is still worth it for the incomparable Rachmaninov!
0486411818|5.0|With the price cut, it is bargain for money. The original one is too expensive and dont worth the price, even though the book is nicely written. But this one is a must buy.
B00004RF98|3.0|5 Stars for the Musical 0 Stars for the DVD conversion.  I can't say enough about the movie, I've loved it for years. However, this is one of the worst presentations of a Technicolor film available. It was as though the source media was an old faded copy that had the brightness turned up and color over driven to make up for it. Some scenes had the brightness so high it was dificult to make out the facial features of a sweet Debbie Reynolds. They should have presented it faded.  Seriously consider waiting for a restored version.
B00003CXQY|5.0|I was really surprised when i watched this movie. I laughed for the whole entire time. Truly a funny movie, but it seemed almost more warner bros-ish than disney. It never had one of those &quot;heart wrenching&quot; moments Disney always tries to throw in. Lots of fun. As for the SPecial edition DVD. It a great animated menu,tons of sketches, some deleted stuff, and some little toys and games and the such. If you like that sorta stuff, get this version. If you dont care much of that, get the regular, but just watch this movie at any rate.
B000005JAX|4.0|Martin Gore has the voice of an angel, and he shows this on Counterfeit.  But lack of production has left the songs with an almost hollow feeling, without the usual textured feel that Depeche Mode's albums have. I love listening to this cd, but still imagine how much more amazing it could been.
B00004WGAI|4.0|For those Jane Eyre fanatics, this is probably the truest Jane- closest to the book, although Timothy Dalton is MUCH too good looking for Rochester.  Nevertheless, costumes and scenery are as close to perfection as possible, the acting is stupendous, and Zelah is exactly what Jane should be- unadorned, independent, and truly worthy of loving and being loved in return.  My favorite of all.
B00004VVNB|4.0|The pleasure of Logan's Run is in the fantasy. Its a world where everyone in the city is young and fairly attractive. The women (and men) wander through the city braless wearing pastel chiffon and guaze.  If you are a real man, you are a Sandman. Unlike the other men in the city you wear black. Your job is to hunt down runners who resist the idea of dying at age 30. You get a very cool gun and laugh heartily as you torment the runners for their weakness and pity them when they die for a silly idea.  Sex in the city is as easy as dialing up a new partner on the circuit and changing the channel if they don't suit your taste. To a teenager, as I was when I saw this movie, this was stimulating stuff.      But it is  Peter Ustinov playing a sweet dotty old man who lives in the ruins outside the city that steals the show.  In a city populated with people where being shallow one dimensional sheep is considered a virtue, Its really Ustinov's performance that lights up the film with true personality.  Its his delightful prescence which brings some resonance and credibility to Logan and Jessica's desire to evolve into humanity.      Logan's Run won an Academy award for cinematography but some areas like the domed city are a unabashedly cheesy. The domed city is all too obviously an architectural model and the inner city too obviously a shopping mall. Rainbow colored holographic effects,  obviously considered futuristic in the seventies, stand out a little too bravely dating the film badly.  But somehow much of the films charm and watchability comes from its cheesiness.  Just as Forbidden Planet is fun because it looks like it was made in the 1950s, Logan's Run is clearly a product of the seventies.  This provides a lot of camp fun, and keeps the film a cult favorite that inspires a large number of fan websites offering tons of background and tips on how to make guns and costumes from the film.  The DVD provides a director's commentary with inserts from Michael York and costume designer Bill Thomas. Fan's interested in hearing more about the deleted scenes mentioned in the commentary might have fun hunting down some of these sites.
6305263248|5.0|If you like action, this movie has it all. Great car chases, nice action sequences, and an intelligent plot. The details are purposefully vague (what is in the suitcase?? why do the Russians want it?? why do the Irish want it??), but certain points are left unexplained to convey the mercenary feeling. The movie is definitely classy, with a pleasant European atmosphere to it. John Frankenhemier did a great job of making a smart movie. It is heavy on action, but smart enough that it cannot be categorized with braincell-lite action movies. Top-notch acting, especially from De Niro and Jean Reno. They were both very likable and intelligent characters, but were not afraid to get their hands dirty (especially De Niro). Sean Bean also was very good as the clueless chump.  And if you like car chases, this is the movie for you. Where else can you see fast European cars speeding down the opposite side of the highway (or whatever they call it in Europe)? Also, the action was very believable. I especially enjoyed how they used a wide variety of modern-day weapons and gadgets to achieve their objectives (where can I get a traffic light changer?). All in all, one of my favorite movies. Even if you don't like action movies, you'll find yourself rooting for Robert De Niro in this great flick.
6303823351|4.0|Help! is probably my favorite of the Beatles movies.  The songs are great and the Beatles are at their coolest.  The only negative would be that there is a lot of that cheesy, slapstick, british &quot;humour&quot;.  Its okay though because its the Beatles.  The opening scene is really good too.
0783229364|5.0|this is a great movie.....i simply love it......i watched this movie so many times....i feel as if i am living it.....<br />my first job was also in the mail room....now...i am an executive.....in a large corporation....of course i didnt sleep with the boss's wife...to get to the top.....but......i did work hard enough.....to get there....<br />i recommend this movie...to anyone....who simply has a dream.....to become better...and successful in life.....<br />watch it with a loved one....or watch it alone.....sleep at nite and dream....and the following morning....wake up...and make all your dreams come true.....<br />enjoy your life..and the movie......
B00005ASHM|5.0|Yes this is the greatest rock album of the sixties, but the cover of the album is such a drag. At this time some of the greatest album covers of all time were produced. I can't imagine what a better cover would have looked like but any album cover with the song titles on the cover sure looked cheap. Don't get me wrong, I think goats are groovy and all that but still.
0425180638|1.0|Having read all of Patricia Cornwell's novels and met her several times I waited quite awhile to read this one since the last two were so disappointing. It was worse than I had expected. The book is not fiction but Cornwell's version of autobiography. She has obviously come to identify herself so closely with Kay Scarpetta that she cannot help but pour out her feelings of victimization in the character's experiences. The original fictional accounts of experiences of the real Medical Examiner for Virginia, Marcella Fierro, were fabulous books. This book contains none of Dr. Fierro and only Cornwell's version of Hillary Clinton's public image - the mantra &quot;I don't abuse power&quot; when obviously she feeds on it describes the style of all of Cornwell's recent work.
B00005JGAB|5.0|The first time i heard the ramones i was 10 years old, when i saw \\"Pet Sematary\\", they had a song that played right when the credits started rolling. I remember renting that movie again, just so i could hear the killer song at the end, i thought it was the only way to hear the song, boy, was i stupid.
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix combines catergories Science Fiction, Action, Romance ( well, not much, but  I have to include it )  and some funny things that are serious.  Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon is a total copy off of this movie which shows how big this movie is.  I don't know why its rated R because its not that bad, but go with the flow. The story takes a few times watching it to get the whole concept though. Everybody has to love this movie. COOL!
B000003TA4|4.0|This is a great cd. Great songs. I hate the fact that it's so damn popular.
B000001FOS|1.0|Whatever good intentions this album might have been, they were buried as soon as Malmsteen succumbed to commercial pressure and entered the glam phase, also dressing like posers and having their hairs &quot;stilyzed&quot; to look like female models!! The hiring of Joe Lynn Turner was an absurd step. And he came full with an arsenal of silly / cheesy / pop love lyrics, changing this ODYSSEY into one of the worst Malmsteen albuns ever.
0385501560|4.0|Choke is a good read, but some of the sex stuff was a little to weird for my taste. I especially liked the commentary on the behind the scenes stuff at Victor's job in Colonial Dunsboro. I also liked Victor's friend, Denny and how he overcame his addiction.
0446310786|5.0|I believe it was Mark Twain who said &quot;A classic is a book that everybody talks about, but nobody reads.&quot; And while I mostly stick with newer material, occasionally I like to acquaint myself with a &quot;classic&quot; to see what all the fuss is about. This book is certainly a masterpiece and deserves to be called a &quot;classic&quot; in every sense of the word.<br />Harper Lee's method of describing predjudice and injustice in a small southern town, through the eyes of a little girl, is a highly effective and moving technique. The fact that Scout, her brother Jem, and their friend Dill can see through the hypocrisy of the adults around them, and the social system in which they live, is very telling and holds a true lesson for us all. These kids can clearly see that an innocent black man is being railroaded for a crime he didn't commit, and are appalled and heartbroken by the system that convicts him anyway.<br />I understand that this book has often been banned for not being &quot;politically correct&quot; in the modern world. Yes, it does contain the N-word and other epithets, even from the mouths of the well-meaning lead characters (who are simply a product of their society anyway). Since I'm not a member of an oppressed group, I can't tell people they shouldn't be offended by these terms. But what we have here is an accurate potrayal of life in a small southern town in 1935, and that's just the way things were back then. Even if the past was painful and ignorant, by covering it up you're trying to pretend it never happened, and that's no way to deal with it. Also, those who don't know history are doomed to repeat it. The theme of &quot;To Kill a Mockingbird&quot; is not that this kind of behavior is right, but that it's wrong. And that's why we should be reading this book.
B00005LMBK|5.0|Very new and fresh is how I would describe this record. Its like nothing i've ever heard before. Everything from hip hop (clint eastwood) to a more mellow sound. Anyways. .Its a great CD no matter what
B00000I0XW|5.0|Sarah Brightman has three different voices.  One is her pop voice, which predominated on Fly and Dive.  The second is her classical music/opera voice, which shot her to fame on Time To Say Goodbye.  The third is her theatre/stage voice, which is stronger than her pop voice, but rich and resonant nevertheless.<br />It is this third which reigns supreme on this compilation of songs by Andrew Lloyd Webber, her mentor, former husband, and still very good friend.  One exception is &quot;Pie Jesu&quot; from Requiem.<br />She does justice to all the tunes here, including the song that put her on the top of the UK charts in 1986, &quot;All I Ask Of You,&quot; from Phantom of the Opera.<br />I bought this soon after Time To Say Goodbye and it was an extra treat.  She shines triumphant on uplifting tracks like &quot;Love Changes Everything&quot; and &quot;Amigos Para Siempre&quot; and on more sadder ones like &quot;Don't Cry For Me Argentina,&quot; &quot;Memory,&quot; &quot;Tell Me On A Sunday&quot; and &quot;Music Of The Night,&quot; which I list as my favorite cuts on this collection.  Her voices resonates with such beauty and power on &quot;Memory&quot; from Cats.<br />The string accompaniment on these songs are a welcome enhancement.  &quot;Tell Me On A Sunday&quot; has become a favorite with heartfelt words like &quot;Don't leave in silence with no word at all/Don't get drunk and slam the door/that's no way to end it.&quot;  And she is incredible on the bridge:  &quot;Don't drive off in the pouring rain/don't call me as they call your train/take the heart out of all the pain.&quot;  (Hope I got that right.)<br />With Sarah veering more into the realms of classical and pop, I hope one day she'll do a collection of songs done in this third vocal style, before it's too late for her to do so.  Cheers again!
0767849493|5.0|The first time I saw \\"Dogma\\" I was put off by the endless explanations of Catholic&#8230; well&#8230; dogma.  Director/screenwriter Kevin Smith knew that the subject matter he was tackling would go over the heads of his audience if not adequately explained (ideas such as plenary indulgence, the last scion, or the Metatron are not part of the popular dialogue).  He did a good job tackling these ideas, only the explanation tended to drag down the rest of the movie.  And it left little room for character development (Linda Fiorentino spends most of the movie's first half saying \\"I don't understand\\" to either Alan Rickman or Chris Rock).  Upon viewing the film a second time, being more comfortable with the material myself, I was able to relax and enjoy the jokes Smith placed within those explanations, and go along for the ride with his well-plotted and superbly structured story.  Further to this, those performances that felt stilted and stale behind the veil of explanation are now fresh and vibrant.  I didn't appreciate the work of Fiorentino, Rock, Jason Lee, Salma Hayek, or Ben Affleck the first time around.  Now I see that they are a uniformly solid ensemble.  Couple this with the standout performance of Mr. Rickman, a playful but malevolent Matt Damon, and a beatific Alanis Morrissette, and Smith seems to have found the perfect cast of characters.<br />\\"Dogma\\" is a big movie with a big brain that it's not afraid to use, a Smith trademark.  This may come as a surprise to those who know Smith as a (self-admitted) purveyor of [...] and fart jokes.  Don't worry, the auteur has not turned his back on his bread and butter.  The bathroom humour runs wild and free here.  But it's not bathroom humour for the sake of bathroom humour.  This is seen most clearly in the famous and much reviled Golgothan S**t-Demon scene.  It exists not just as an excuse to dress up a man in a poo suit, but actually makes sense given the universe of the film.<br />Jay (Jason Mewes) and Silent Bob(Smith) do more here than in any previous Smith film.  They come to the story early on, stay until the end, and carry much of the film's comedy.  Jay is his usual motormouth self, only his ribald banter is consistently funnier than in any previous films.  Silent Bob is once again 99% silent, taking a couple of occasions to save the day (without the clumsiness he displayed in \\"Mallrats\\").  And in one heartbreaking scene near the end, Smith, a self-confessed non-actor, actually wrings some true pain and sadness without resorting to weepy hysterics.  A good job.<br />As for the film's supposed anti-religious angle, anyone that pays attention to the ideas being presented will know that couldn't be further from the truth.  The only religion that gets condemned is the kind that's organized.  Smith is more concerned with a return to faith, in whatever form that it may take.  It attacks belief, which is cold and unyielding and harmful to those who don't share it, in favour of ideas, which can respond to most any human situation.  Smith deserves credit in that he has made a movie that gave me, a self-styled lapsed Jew and agnostic, cause to question my beliefs.  And I think that was Smith's goal in the first place<br />Besides taking on organized religion, \\"Dogma\\" is also -- in many of the film's aside lines -- a loving tribute to movies and how they can affect our consciousness, a noble ideal that this film strides towards and succeeds.  If film is the new religion in our liberal culture, then \\"Dogma\\" would make fine scripture.
B000021XR5|4.0|I realize im in the minority here, Core and Purple are awesome cds and will probably go down as classic albums in rock, but No. 4 is STP's best work to date. My opinion is a little bit warped though since to be honest I've just grown tired of Core and Purple. Anyway about No.4, its official i am addicted to this cd, it has the rockin tunes like &quot;Down&quot; and &quot;Heaven &amp; Hot Rods&quot; to keep things exciting, but my favorite tracks on here are the mellow ones like &quot;Sour Girl&quot; and &quot;I Got You&quot; and &quot;Atlanta,&quot; those are absolute classics and never get old with me. STP's sound has evolved over time as you would expect from any band and I find it hard believing this is the same band that played on Core, but at least STP is moving in the right direction and have proven that they are one of the best bands in music today.
B0000029LG|3.0|To tell the truth, I'm a bit dissapointed with this set.Why?I mean, there's great classics on here, and &quot;Scream&quot;, the duet with his sister(also a classic by the way),BUT, where is &quot;Smooth Criminal&quot;? I had purchased this 2 cd set without even looking to see what tracks it had, i was assuming it had everything,it  just doesn't have my fave MJ song of all time. That's why I didn't give this &quot;HIStory&quot;(fer cryin out loud, his history was that song), the 5 stars.I did give it 3 for the new material thats on the second disc and for the timless classics. A great,NOT PERFECT &quot;HIStory&quot;.
B00000BKDW|4.0|I give 4 stars for the rime of the ancient mariner alone!
B00005J9ZB|3.0|After several recommendations from fellow customers who had read some of my reviews, I finally decided to buy this album, not exactly knowing what it was.<br />I would not say I am disappointed. Because the Ayreon concept is great, and Arjen Anthony Lucassen is a remarkable composer. Mostly because a project like 'Into The Electric Castle - A Space Opera' is courageous nowadays. My compliment for this kind of initiatives!<br />Unfortunately, the music on 'Into The Electric Castle' often falls into the trap of clichés. The arrangement often becomes too pretentiously polished, even in the passages where the nearly heavy metal guitar is in the foreground.<br />Furthermore, the singing skills of most of the artists, and especially the female parts, are not strong enough to keep up the level of the intended arrangements. And that's really a pity, because with singers who are more than just decent, 'Into The Electric Castle' could really have been something extraordinarily good.<br />However, there are a lot of very enjoyable passages, 'Across The Rainbow Bridge' being the best song from an overall view.
B00004T37H|5.0|WOW. This is a terrifically mind-blowing film, even if you're not a fan of anime. The characters are well-developed, the plot is complex, and the animation is gorgeous. The only possible complaint is: where is the original Japanese version? Usually I prefer my anime (all foreign films, for that matter) with subtitles, but, try as I may, I haven't succeeded in finding a subtitled-in-English version of Princess Mononoke. But, really, the dubbing is actually rather good. Some casting choices were a little off, such as Claire Danes as the voice of San (please! Who thought of THAT one?), but otherwise, it's just fine. I'd highly recommend this movie for any fan of Miyazaki Hayao (the director) or anime in general. Even if you aren't normally an anime fan, try it anyway. Mononoke does a great job in dispelling the Western myth that &quot;animated movies are just for little kids&quot;.
B00004T37H|5.0|WOW. This is a terrifically mind-blowing film, even if you're not a fan of anime. The characters are well-developed, the plot is complex, and the animation is gorgeous. The only possible complaint is: where is the original Japanese version? Usually I prefer my anime (all foreign films, for that matter) with subtitles, but, try as I may, I haven't succeeded in finding a subtitled-in-English version of Princess Mononoke. But, really, the dubbing is actually rather good. Some casting choices were a little off, such as Claire Danes as the voice of San (please! Who thought of THAT one?), but otherwise, it's just fine. I'd highly recommend this movie for any fan of Miyazaki Hayao (the director) or anime in general. Even if you aren't normally an anime fan, try it anyway. Mononoke does a great job in dispelling the Western myth that &quot;animated movies are just for little kids&quot;.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I've listened to this album so many times.  I only wish there were more than 12 songs.  Well, I've found a few more.  If you check out the Japanese import version of No Angel (available on Amazon), there are 2 bonus tracks.  One is an acoustic version of my favorite song on this album &quot;Here with Me&quot; referred to just as &quot;Me&quot;.  It really showcases Dido's beautiful voice.  The other track is called &quot;Worthless&quot;, a seven-minute Enya-esque song. Five-minutes of instrumental introduction lead to a great ending with Dido singing.
B00005JG6R|4.0|This is an epic anime classic which will endure for years to come. I thoroughly enjoyed watching it; although some parts can get a little *gratuitously* violent, it really doesn't take away from the engrossing plot. I first saw it about a month ago, and I'm still raving about it. Every anime fan (who isn't turned off by lots and lots of gore and some very icky bodily transformations) should see it.
B000002OVJ|5.0|I love the who. I LOVE LOVE LLLOOOVVEEE THE WHO! But I love this album twice as much. All of my favorite who songs are super-charged 1,000,000 times over. After the pompus, puffed up Tommy days, the who wanted to make sure people knew that they could rock. o they went down to Leeds University to make a live album and ROCK THEY DID! Happy Jack, Tatoo, A quick one while he's away, cant explain, amazing journey/sparks, substitute, magic bus are all note worthy on this god like live album. But rising above all of these is the 14 minute version of My Generation. You are not a who fan till you heard this version of my generation. Instead of really being &quot;My Generation&quot; like the song suggests, it's more like a really fast version of My Generation (make even better by Daltry's slower thatn usall singing witch gives a really good effect,) then a medly of other who songs from Tommy and the like, then the best part, a long improvisational period led by townsend that takes you right up into the stratosphere. Air guitar heaven man. One of the best things I have ever heard is the part where Pete Townsend plays against his own echo. Stunning. Really Stunning. So if you like the who, BUY THIS ALBUM NOW! You're wasting valuable time!
6304539495|5.0|This is just great. Really, there isn't a whole lot more to say. It's complicated, thought-provoking, and sleek. What more could anybody possibly want? The only complaint I could have is with the fact that you're not really acquainted with the plot when the movie starts, resulting in a small measure of confusion. But- there's lots of eye candy on the screen to keep you interested before fully figuring out what's going on. It's very cool.
B00004X01U|4.0|Expanding somewhat on the musical seeds she planted with her previous set RAY OF LIGHT, Madonna's MUSIC is a slightly less serious affair in comparison to the previous album.  Unlike her last few efforts, which were marked by alot of introspection, MUSIC takes the carefree route, at least for much of the album, in a way similar to that of her first two albums.  The title tune is one of her most addictively catchy singles in years, and follow-up 'Don't Tell Me', though not upon first listen, eventually works itself firmly into the brain.  Which actually can be said about much of this album--for every 'Music', there's an 'I Deserve It'; not every track here is particularly memorable upon first listen, very much like her previous EROTICA. Once you sit down and give it a few spins though, you'll definately be humming much of the music found within.  Other instantly memorable  standouts include the tweaked-out techno of 'Impressive Instant', the anthemic 'Runaway Lover', and 'What It Feels Like For A Girl', arguably the lyrical standout of the set--why it wasn't a huge hit is unfathomable to me.  All in all, though it doesn't command the overall lyrical scope that RAY OF LIGHT or LIKE A PRAYER mined, MUSIC remains another exquisite step in the ever-evolving music of one of pop's true icons.
0688152023|4.0|This is a fantastic book, beautifully illustrated, and with 50 exercises you can tailor your own workout.  The only flaw is that not enough time is spent on basic posture, which has a tremendous affect on the effect of the exercises.  For this reason, I think the book is best for those who've taken some basic ballet classes.
0375703764|1.0|This is the most phony, dishonest, arrogant piece of writing I have ever encountered. Amazing what a bunch of silly type-setting can do to reviewers.
B00005K3NR|5.0|&quot;Carrie&quot; and &quot;American Graffiti&quot; emerged at almost the same time; films that depictued all-American High School life in the 70s. However, there was obviously one difference: no one in &quot;American&quot; whacked out and killed her senior class. &quot;Carrie&quot; is an excellent, shocking, and evocative tale of high school life gone awry (think &quot;She's All That&quot; with a blood bath). While &quot;Carrie&quot; is bloody, violent, and almost a warning of the carnage that would come 2 decades later, it is unforgettable: from Carrie's traumatic shower-scene to the prom-turned orgy of destruction. Years from now, my generation will find the cruel, bitter &quot;Carrie&quot; to be a much more accurate potrayal of high school than &quot;American Graffiti&quot; ever was.
B00004Z459|5.0|After catching the &quot;One Step Closer&quot; fever I decided that I would conform and buy this cd also.  The first couple listenings to this cd left me sorely disappointed, I was expecting a lot more rock and a whole lot less rap.  After a while it grew on me and I began to like the mixture of gritty guitars, beautiful, but sometimes harsh singing, and the rap.  My favorites songs by far included &quot;Papercut&quot;, &quot;Crawling&quot; which is now a big hit in it's own right, and &quot;In the End&quot;.  Each were sung and lyrically better than the rest of the tracks.  Other songs that I liked include &quot;With You&quot;, and &quot;A Place for My Head.&quot;  Two songs I just could not get into were &quot;Cure for the Itch&quot; and &quot;Points of Authority&quot;.  <br />It is amazing this band is making all this happen without a bassist.  Excellent band that has a lot going for them, they are the best of the rap/rock genre, much better than Limp or Papa.  Definetly a good buy for just about anyone.
6304118392|3.0|This film means to be sarcastic about public and media hunger for violence in our culture. Any comments other than that about it are missing the point. I wouldn't see it twice though.
B00004WG2X|3.0|Unfortunately, unnatural and unconvincing acting coupled with poor picture quality take much of the beauty out of Jane Austen's classic story.  We do not begin conversations only when we have entered a room no less than 5 seconds prior, but the actors in this film do.  The picture does not flow well from scene to scene because of this flaw in directing.  Mr. Darcy is sadly not what he should be, and the famous proposal scene, which should be one of the best due to its natural passion, is not at all up to par.  These flaws are primarily due to the era in which the film was produced, but this does not excuse them entirely.  In general it sticks to the book, which pleases me, but does not do justice to it.
B000031XCR|5.0|this CD is definitely Celine Dion's best, it's worth buying.
B000056K04|3.0|The Dave Matthews Band is my favorite band, and i think that Dave has written some of the best songs ever. That being said, Everyday is a huge disappointment. If you've never heard Dave Matthews Band before, this album is NOT the Dave Matthews Band. Everyday is very different than what has come before it, at least musically. While battling with a drinking problem and depression, Dave wrote and recorded with the band a 12 song album that is now floating around the internet, entitled &quot;the lilywhite sessions&quot; because of the producer, Steve Lilywhite. If you can find that, i highly recommend it. Everyday is warped by the introduction of producer Glen Ballard, who was brought in when Dave decided that he wanted to record, essentially, a more commercial, happier record. Basically, that's Everyday in a nutshell. While the album has a few standout tracks in the phenomenal &quot;the space between,&quot; and the album-ending &quot;everyday,&quot; the introduction of Glen, an electric guitar and the loss of the band's trademark instrumentation produces a fairly bland pop-rock record. While it's a few grades above most albums on the market, it's not up to the level of the band's previous releases. If you like 'I did it' and 'the space between,' you will probably enjoy this record. Think of it this way: if you like &quot;Everyday,&quot; you will LOVE &quot;Crash&quot; and &quot;Under the table and Dreaming.&quot;
B00004RFFW|3.0|The original Lethal Weapon was a surprise hit in 1987, i don't recall it being hyped by the media when first released,after all Mel Gibson's career was dying & Danny Glover was still an unknown,just watch \\"Witness\\" with Harrison Ford and you will see that Glover is the cause of Ford's problems, but his name is not reconized with that of Ford's, Lethal Weapon put both Gibson & Glover on the map, it was fresh and exciting, the director's cut makes it even better,the outtakes are great to watch such as Riggs taking out a sniper that is terrorizing children in a school yard or him picking up a street-walker to keep him company, this scene shows you how lonely his life has become, that he only wants her to watch t.v. with him instead of sex. These neat elements are whats missing in Lethal Weapon 2, although it starts off like a roadrunner cartoon, it slowly goes downhill from there, the bad guys here just don't have the nastiness that Gary Busey's villian had in the original,there are several things wrong with this one, these villians like to rig a toilet to explode, i know many thought this was sheer brilliance on the part of the filmakers, but it is merely played for gross-out humor if nothing else, how could one rig a toilet to explode? and wouldn't Glover's Murtaugh notice when he sat down, it doesn't stop there, one sequence involves the systematic murder of the all the detectives involved with Riggs & Murtaugh's investigation, come on wouldn't they have been the first ones taken out, another involves Riggs' sudden interest in a female employee that in working for these villians, why would he risk trusting her in the first place, one set-piece has him and her under seige shortly after they've had sex, they just barely escape death after Riggs kills the gunmen, just when you think it is over, she is killed anyway later on, one neat sequence is the revelation that these are the ones responsible for the death of Riggs' wife from the first film, which sets him in vigilante mode, the final confrontation at the end really is nowhere near the intensity of the first film,here Riggs is beaten by someone almost as good as himself, but Riggs never gets the upper hand like in the first film when he is fighting Busey, but probably the most unrealistic scene is Riggs being pumped full of bullets and somehow he does not die. Murtaugh takes out his would-be killer but it is not as satisfying as it should have been, Joe Pesci lends comic support as the villians former accountant turned imformant that Riggs & Murtaugh are assigned to protect but doesn't get to do a lot, i don't hate this installment, it just doesn't have the charm of the first, but part 4 cartures the essence of the original, the bad guys are nastier than ever in part 4 and it has the intensity of the original, it truly captures the magic of the first.
B00005J6UP|5.0|the goonies is by far the best movie of all time!  i have waited many years for it to be out on dvd, and finally it is, this dvd includes the deleted scenes...which are very hard to find if you don't know where to look for them, this movie is one of the best adventure films ever
6302902010|5.0|After years of search, I finally found the 1959 Version of Porgy and Bess and it was just as wonderful as I remember it as a child. I was surprised that although it is a musical, it kept my attention and I loved it.
6303965415|5.0|This BBC/Masterpiece Theatre production faithfully presents Jane Austen's last complete novel. A tale of hypocrisy, family duty, faith, and lost love, the film features Amanda Root as Anne Elliott, our oft put-upon herione. Dismissed by her family, Anne is the glue holding them together and fixing their problems. Will she get a chance to reclaim her own happiness? Beautifully shot on location in England (most notably in Lyme Regis and Bath), the costumes and scenery are almost another character yet they enhance not overwhelm the story. I highly recommend this film.
6305807086|5.0|What a film. I mean, WHAT A FILM! Im struggling for reference points here. Being John Malkovich defies objective analysis. It cannot be judged alongside other, similar, films, because there are none. It is totally unique - and God only knows how anyone was persuaded to finance it. Or indeed how John Malkovich was persuaded to appear in it. But thank God they did, because this film is the most outrageously original, absurd, thought-provoking and hilarious mainstream film released in years. If this film was a person it would be diagnosed clinically insane. Leave your preconceptions at the door because they wont be of any use to you here. <br />The genius of Being John Malkovich is that it is played totally straight. It would have been easy for the actors (Cusack, Diaz, Keener and, er, Malkovich) and director (the fabulously eccentric Spike Jonze) to play to the more cynical viewers' jaded sense of irony, but this would have been a mistake. Instead Jonze has taken a much more interesting route, and the film thus seems unaware of its own barely comprehensible brilliance. <br />Most people will have an idea of the premise of the movie: struggling, tortured pupeteer Cusack gets admin job on floor seven and a half, discovers portal into Malkovichs brain, gets catapulted out onto New Jersey turnpike. The ensuing events I will withold for fear of ruining what, for me, was a journey I certainly didnt expect to take, and one that left me feeling like a child discovering snow for the first time. Wow.
B00003CWL6|5.0|There has been a lot of hype written about this movie, and a lot of misunderstanding.  THIS FILM IS NOT A COMEDY.  It is not about  suburbia.  What it is about is the landscape of human passion.<br />Lester Burnham (Kevin Spacey) is &quot;already dead&quot; and he knows it.  Then one day he meets the 17-year-old friend of his daughter, and Lester Burnham begins to wake up.  Lester is stunned by the young woman (Mena Suvari), and lusts after her.  This is the first of many points in the movie that are misleading if taken too literally.  This movie is not about a middle-aged man lusting after a 17-year old girl, it is about a middle-aged man reconnecting with the passion he once felt.  Suvari's character is the stalking horse for Lester's passion.  Lester reconnects with his own passion for life by first feeling this sexual desire for a girl who is forbidden to him.  But it doesn't end there.  Eventually Lester develops, or redevelops, into a man filled with passion and love, and an almost Zen-like desire to see others fulfilled.  Later in the film when Lester confronts his wife Caroline (Annette Bening) in a situation where Lester has been wronged and could really be angry with her, he says, &quot;it's ok, Caroline, I want you to be happy.&quot;  In the end, Lester comes full circle and even the situation with Suvari's character changes.  <br />American Beauty is chock full of excellent performances by the cast.  There is a lot to this movie, and it lends itself well to multiple viewings on DVD.  I've seen American Beauty three times in the theater and countless times on DVD--I still get something new out of each viewing.  The DVD itself has a moderate number of extras (the Awards Edition), more than you'd find on a regular DVD, but not as many as say the Fight Club DVD which could only be described as loaded.  The only thing I found a bit irritating was that the movie was already a success by the time some of the DVD extras got added.  This slightly changes the perspective of the people involved.  But this is a minor complaint.  American Beauty is indeed a masterpiece.
0876855575|5.0|If you think you know reality, than you have not experienced it.  If you think society is a surrealistic disappointment, than you should read this book.  Buk provides all the narration for any disenchanted member of the proleteriat.  Leave the bourgeois behind and grow up with Hank.
0812550706|5.0|...It only took the first chapter to suck me into Ender's world. A fan of science fiction, my friend told me it's a bad book, because it's not like JRR Tolkiens, with the incredibly complex scenarios and slow moving points that appeal to guys who walk around in Star Wars shirts and constantly use Star Trek analogies to solve everyday, mundane things. But I ignored him.  Ender wasn't just a beloved character of a book. Like the introduction says, I became Ender. I am 'talented and gifted' yet my opinions 'don't matter' and I am 'unimportant.' Ender became my ally, my protector. He became a mindset for me, and I caught myself sometimes thinking 'what would Ender do.' Card was able to explain the break down of human emotion perfectly. The slow unconscience of self destruction that many authors write and few really get. The twists and turns of the plot weren't so sharp that a normal reader could get lost, and the language was simple but complex enough so you could get it without really getting it, and it wouldn't matter.  I could go on for ages about this book, and it's ability not to make you LOVE Ender, but to want to BE Ender. As soon as you read this book, I HIGHLY recommend you pick up Ender's Shadow, the companion book told mostly through Bean's point of view. It expands on the plot more, and it is certainly a first pick when reading the rest of Orson Scott Card's works. You may even want to read Ender's Shadow FIRST, then Ender's Game, whatever revolves your battleroom.
B00003CXXJ|3.0|I went into SHREK with alot of expectation after seeing the Trailers and the massive hit that it was. On seeing the film I didn't find the first half very funny at all, but once the donkey is introduced with the hillarious voice over from Eddie Murphy the film actually is fun. Technically it's great no doubts there and the rest of the voice overs are good...but for me the stuff from PIXAR is still the best. The two Toy Story's and a Bugs Life are great to watch, very funny, action packed and overall great story telling. Not to forget the great outtakes at the end of there movies. But watch Shrek if not for anything then for Eddie Murphy who's great.
0812550706|5.0|I'm sure I'm not the only person who has become hopelessly lost in the world of science fiction. We've all picked up those books about Lachris, the evil sorceror bent on destroying Biena, yet his plan is foiled by Yinaf. Why spend hours trying to figure out how to pronounce the name? Its left a bad taste in the mouths of many readers, and I stayed away from science fiction, because they just weren't worth my time. My sister bought Ender's Game because she was told to, yet she never planned on actually READING the book, she was prepareing to get the cliff notes and leave it at that. I was coming home on a return trip from North Carolina (coincidentally, Greensboro, North Carolina is Card's place of residence) and picked up the book. It only took the first chapter to suck me into Ender's world. A fan of science fiction, my friend told me it's a bad book, because it's not like JRR Tolkiens, with the incredibly complex scenarios and slow moving points that appeal to guys who walk around in Star Wars shirts and constantly use Star Trek analogies to solve everyday, mundane things. But I ignored him.  Ender wasn't just a beloved character of a book. Like the introduction says, I became Ender. I am 'talented and gifted' yet my opinions 'don't matter' and I am 'unimportant.' Ender became my ally, my protector. He became a mindset for me, and I caught myself sometimes thinking 'what would Ender do.' Card was able to explain the break down of human emotion perfectly. The slow unconscience of self destruction that many authors write and few really get. The twists and turns of the plot weren't so sharp that a normal reader could get lost, and the language was simple but complex enough so you could get it without really getting it, and it wouldn't matter.  I could go on for ages about this book, and it's ability not to make you LOVE Ender, but to want to BE Ender. As soon as you read this book, I HIGHLY recommend you pick up Ender's Shadow, the companion book told mostly throughBean's point of view. It expands on the plot more, and it is certainly a first pick when reading the rest of Orson Scott Card's works. You may even want to read Ender's Shadow FIRST, then Ender's Game, whatever revolves your battleroom.
0060926317|1.0|This book was terrible, completely devoid of any worthwhile content, and probably a complete hoax or fabrication.  The voice is that of someone who is morally sermonizing but unless the reader is completely ignorant, the author comes across as being no more enlightened than a small child who has just begun having their first thoughts regarding the meaning of life.  Do not bother reading this book.  You can gain much more by reading any of Dr Suess's fine works.
6300275213|5.0|This is an excellent romantic comedy about a man and a mermaid who fall in love for each other in a modern fairy tale. This film was one of Tom Hanks' earliest hits that made him the huge superstar that he is today. Co-star Daryl Hannah, who plays Madison the mermaid, became herself a huge star from this film, but now times have changed in her film career, which has faded during the 1990s, which is sad. She is a great actress. <br />John Candy plays Tom Hanks' older brother with Eugene Levy playing a crazy scientist who tries to prove that mermaids exist. These two provide some of the film's hilarious comedic moments.<br />The romantic chemistry between Hanks' Allen Bauer and Hannah's  Madison are just well done. Their characters' relationship just becomes true romance throughout the entire film. When Madison eventually gets caught as her mermaid fish body, Allen realizes that Madison is the one true love that he can never lose. Allen, along with his brother and the crazy scientist, band together to rescue her. Later, Allen realizes that Madison was the little girl mermaid that rescued him when he was a young boy in the film's opening flashback sequence. Madison and Allen were fated to be with each other!<br />Splash was directed by Ron Howard, who is, of course, one of Hollywood's great filmmakers. A movie about a mermaid has to be good, and Splash does this so well. Tips off to the crew of this movie who made it so real. The underwater sequences are well done, as well as Daryl Hannah herself as the mermaid. She is just utterly believable as a mermaid! I must say that she is just so sexy in the rubber mermaid tail suit. She swims in it so well! I really thought that she played Madison to perfection!<br />This movie really brought a fairy tale type story to life. A must see for everyone. I guess this film obviously makes for a great date movie.<br />On one other note, most people probably don't know this, but Splash was followed up by a Disney TV movie sequel in 1988 that aired in two parts on the ABC network on what used to be  a show called &quot;The Disney Sunday Movie&quot;. The sequel was called Splash, Too and starred Todd Waring as Allen Bauer and Amy Yasbeck (movies &quot;Problem Child&quot; 1 and 2, &quot;The Mask&quot;, and TV's &quot;Wings&quot;) as Madison Bauer, now married from a Neptune ceremony. This sequel has Allen and Madsion come back to New York from their island hideaway to help Allen's brother Freddie (played by Donovan Scott) save Bauer Produce from going out of business. Madison has her own agenda later on as she finds a dolphin she knows from her past, named Salti, captured by another crazy scientist for study.<br />Not a great sequel of course (as sequels usually are) but it was sort of nice to know that Allen and Madison had another adventure. There were some funny moments in the movie. It was  particularly challenging to see Madison cope with suburban life and trying to understand how to be a housewife. I wasn't bothered that much with the recasting of new actors as these characters either. I did like Amy Yasbeck's portrayal of Madison in this sequel. She too swims and looks nice in a mermaid fish tail as well! A worthy successor to Daryl Hannah in her own right.<br />Unfortunately, this sequel is not available on home video to my knowledge.
0451163540|4.0|Ken Follett's triple is memorable to me because it is one of the first adult oriented novels I read.  The story is about secret agent Nat Dickstein who has the impossible mission of stealing 200 tons of uranium, without anyone else knowing about the theft.  As with many of his novels, Follett make the reader believe the impossible.  There were a few times when I thought Follett pushed the limits of believability, but there were no blatant attempts to insult the reader.<br />The best thing about this novel is the pacing.  I found it impossible to find a place to put the novel down; every page is exciting.  This is not unusual for a Follett novel however, as most people will finish one of his books in week.<br />The only problem I had with this novel deals with the main romance of the story.  The two characters go from being almost complete strangers, to waking up in the same bed in only a few pages.  I realize that this is a spy novel and not a romance novel, but it would have been possible for Follett to spread it out a little bit more.<br />Even with the few believability issues, this is still one of the better spy-novels out there.  Anyone looking for a good read should pick this book up.
B000002HAF|5.0|This album is not for the faint of heart. It's like a decade old, but will still rough you up. The Pixies were on to something, and make the likes of Eminem and Kid Rock look like soft, overproduced suckers. Unfortunately, they broke up years ago, and rock took a (...)turn. The Pixies were making music, and making it kick (...), not adding guitar to rap and just talking tough into a microphone. This is hard-driving stuff. It may scare you. It's like The Stooges if they went thrash, or something like that. I dunno, just get it. This is one of the most exciting albums you'll hear. Nothing can really compare.
B00005LOUP|2.0|Being a long time fan of DR. SUESS's true version of the Grinch, you wouldn't think they could destroy the story that badly but, congratulations Ron you've succeeded.  Don't get me wrong I really enjoy watching Jim Carrey acting or a Ron Howard film.  The only reason it got two stars out of me is because no one could've played the Grinch better than Jim Carrey.  I don't know it really upset me that they even had the audacity to make a movie out of this classic tale.  Sometimes it is better to leave things the way they are, we didn't need a live action version of the Grinch the original was just fine......
B000002UDG|5.0|I Have mixed feeling about this cd, I LOVE it because it is All his best, and it is ALL essential stuff.. BUT I HATE buying the same tracks twice.. And Now that i got this i Want most ALL his solo albums...  And i could just sell this, and buy ALL the albums, but ALL the albums don't have ALL the songs on this cd, so i have to Keep this for just a few songs..The same could be said of \\"Wings Greatest\\", or \\"Wingspan\\" looking at its track listing.. Why don't they just make a compilation of the singles that are NOT available on the albums ,or ADD the singles as bonus tracks onto the albums??I Know, I know...i could get the remastered imports with the songs as bonus tracks, but then i would have to Pay  more for each album..And what if i want \\"Mull of Kintire\\", or \\"Hi Hi Hi\\"??, i have to buy another compilation or 2 with the majority of the songs already on \\"All The Best\\", then if i buy the album that happens to have one of the same songs as the compilations -i've bought the same song 2 or 3 times..  This burns me up... Why Not just sell the public the singles ONLY that are not available on the albums.??. and some of the albums Only have 10 or 11 songs anyway, so if i've already got 3 or more songs from the album- i'm only buying 7 or 8 or less songs.. And WHAT About all those Out of Print singles that we cant buy at all anymore ?? This Stinks.. :-)  But it is some of the best music EVER made..
158234082X|5.0|having worked in the kitchens of a few great nyc restaurants, I was awestruck by Bourdain's candor..I used to tell my pals about restaurant life and they just couldn't believe it until I gave them this book......the better the chef, the better the kitchen, the more intense and wild the experience...I am a woman who survived this life for 10 years and Bourdain nailed it on the head....what a great read..
B000002ULO|5.0|&quot;Calico Skies&quot; is the best ballad Paul has done in a long time..&quot;Little Willow&quot;is just about as good too..&quot;The World Tonight&quot; is the best Guitar Rocker he has done in a long time, its really catchy.. &quot;Young Boy&quot; is almost as good..&quot;Somedays&quot; is haunting..&quot;Heaven on Sunday&quot; is very peaceful. :)&quot;The Song We Were Singing&quot; is a good song to start the album, and very sentimental ..&quot;If you Wanna&quot; is a good song, and wins you over with the chorus..&quot;Souvenir&quot; is a very thoughtfull (if not completely catchy) song..&quot;Flaming Pie&quot; is a goofy, slightly catchy tune..&quot;Beautiful Night&quot;, and &quot;Great Day&quot; are like really good filler..&quot;Used to be Bad', and &quot;Really Love You&quot; are more like Jams than songs, and they are really the low point of this album.. His Guest Artists interfere on these songs, and they seem out of place, i've never cared too much for these songs, they are Ok, but Not Great like the rest, Ringo does do some good Drumming!.. His Best Pop Album of the 90's to be sure (and probably the 80's too!) ..Very Essential McCartney Album...
B000021XR5|5.0|The album No 4 takes you back to the grunge days of Core and yet an almost completely opposite softer sound as in the songs &quot;I Got You&quot;and &quot;Atlanta&quot;. When I bought this album the hardcore sound of &quot;Down&quot; drew me in as well as the heavy &quot;Heaven &amp; Hot Rods&quot;. The slower more smooth sound of &quot;Sour Girl&quot; really takes you on a head trip followed by a refreshing heavy song &quot;No Way Out&quot;. The songs that have been heard on the radio only reveal a small portion of talent that this album has to offer. So if you are one of those people looking to find once again a heavier more grunge STP this album has plenty in store for you. Yet for the mellowed out STP lovers this album is suited for you too.
B000002WUD|5.0|This box set is a marvellous compilation of probably some of the best Elvis 70s music recorded.  I purchased this box set about 5 years ago, at that time it had just been released by RCA/BMG as part of a triple box set edition, (also released are the essential 50s and 60s masters).<br />Contrary to the ill-informed critics who have persisted in discrediting and ridiculing  Elvis music and performances in the 1970s, those of us who have loved and followed the king through it all have realised that his 70s work was probably the most powerful and more thought provoking material than any of the previous teeny bopper era of the mid 50s to late 60s.<br />This magnificent box set includes 5 CDs with about 120 tracks, it covers most of Elvis early 70s studio and live recordings from his Summer engagement at the Las Vagas Hilton; right through to the Moody Blue sessions (which incidentally were recorded in the jungle room at Graceland due to Elvis ill health and/or refusal to record in the studio). This box set is a wonderful tribute to Elvis and his dynamic and awe-inspiring voice that despite his health and depressed state of mind, never let him down.<br />Such is the amount and wonderful tracks recorded in the 70s by Elvis that it would be out greatest wish to have seen more officially released recordings of Elvis live performances, (let us not forget Elvis gave about 1100 shows from 1969-1977!!). However I say, enjoy what we have, and what we have here is a collection of music that is truly remarkable and captures the true essence of only one man in the world who many owe a debt of gratitude can be thankful and truly label him the entertainer of the century!!<br />Thank you very much!
B00003CXE6|1.0|I just switched off the dvd, after rolling my eyes, huffing and puffing, and about ready to throw an ashtray at the tv -- but wait I can't afford to replace my tv (or the ashray) so let me rant a little.  <br />First I clicked on the &quot;lowest ratings&quot; of all the other reviewers out there, and I found (with a few exceptions) they all saw the same thing I was seeing: terrible script, terrible acting (come on folks, russell crowe is a compelling hero?  he bored me to tears, mr. blue eyes, I guess, seducing all the teenie-boppers and asleep-at-wheel newspaper critics out there).  this is just another (of many) generic hollywood epics, made only to make money, concerned more with looking good than telling a story, spewing out one cliche after another.  I swear you can pick scenes out of this movie that were directly lifted from a dozen other movies.  It's all made to be Shakespearian without recognizing that Shakespeare always made sure his plays had tension and suspense.  Here you don't care.  Mainly because you don't care about the supposed  hero ... he has a family, which he cares deeply about (we're told), but you don't see the family ... and the plot is so disfused that you don't see the &quot;bad guy&quot; acting against his family.  So what's motivating him?  I tell you: a PC drenched, year 2000 Hollywood, cliche driven film whose sole concern is pilaging &quot;ancient rome&quot; for another excuse to pit the GOOD GUY against the BAD GUY.  Problem is the good guy is Mr. All-American Boy and the bad guy . . . well, I fail to see who the bad guy is.  I guess he's supposed to be the Freudian stricked new Emperior, who wouldn't even rank as a minor bad guy in a cheap Batman episode.  <br />Ugh, I'm disgusted.  This movie, while it may look pretty, is a total disgrace to all forms of storytelling.  I'm now totally convinced that any movie nominated for an Oscar is a total waste of time.  I thought Titanic was bad -- at least it tried to tell a story.  This movie is like a bad history lesson -- only they never bothered to read up on their history.
B000056K04|4.0|I first heard The Dave Matthews Band via The Space Between song. I thought the discordant beginning very brave but loved the song that followed the first three lines. It pushed me towards the Everyday album and I now plan to pick up their earlier work. I love the lyrics of this bands' songs and whilst some areas of the songs are eerily familiar (Dreams of our Father seems to have a stanza from Peter Gabriel's Red Rain song in it - no bad thing) as a whole, the album is a nice listen. Sleep to Dream Her is a joy and I loved The Space Between songs video - Mr Matthews has facial expressions to die for - the Kevin Spacey of pop? Go buy it and give it several listen. I am glad I have found this bands' work - albeit somewhat late.
B00000HZH7|4.0|I bought this CD on the strength of reputation after seeing it listen in numerous 'Listmania' lists (terrible grammar eh?) here on Amazon.com. This is somethign I rarely do, but I was new to death metal at the time, and wanted a good intro. Since those naive day's i've concluded that most american death metal [is awful]. No melody, the pace of a turtle, and about as heavy as a french poodles.... Obviously there are exceptions to the rule such as Death or Suffocation who favour musical technicality, but there are few american death metal bands whose music you can actually get into. Most of them sound like Slayer, with a few bits added extra and the melody taken away. That makes them sound heavy? yeah right.<br />I've always preffered the Swedish death metal scene, based on their intense melody structures. I like many of the 2nd gen death metal acts, Cannibal Corpse, Cryptopsy, Exhumed, but lets be honest, when death metal was in it's infancy, it was hardly the pinical of musical profficiency. 'Seven churches' is an exception. Take the overt Satanism of Deicide, but actually throw melody into the equation and up the tempo about a hundred times faster than Slayer and all the trash bands put together and this is what you get. You'd be forgiven for thinking this was a Swedish act, because these guys actually play really damn well. More than just 'thrash with toppings', these guys are actually seriously aggressive, an obvious influence on Swedish bands like At The Gates, and 2nd gen American death acts like Cannibal Corpse.<br />From the intro to 'The Exorcist' you know it's gonna be a killer track. Yeah so the lyrics are pants, but who cares you can barely make them out anyway. What makes the CD cool, is the fact the songs are actually catchy, not just incoherent growling and guitar bashing. Whats heavy about that? Nothing, even the nu metal bands could do that. But these dudes play, they play fast, they play hard. <br />The fact is, these guys pre-date the first wave ofAmerican death metal by years and they did it far better. 1985 this CD came out, before Slayer's Reign In Blood even and this is faster and more evil than anything on that classic disc. The CD is very poorly mastered though and some of the lyrics (well most of them actually) are pants. There's the catch. The band broke up shortly after and so I guess that's why death metals history has been very up/down. I firmly believe though, if these guys had stuck around they would have ruled the scene. Then again their second release does contradict this theory...<br />Put purely, if you want an intro to death metal, skip Obituary, skip Morbid Angel, go for this. It's heavy, it's fast, it's incomprehensible; all death metal should be. Top cuts - 'The Exorcist', 'Pentagram', 'Fallen Angel', 'Death Metal'. Hell even the filler is killer.
6305311463|5.0|...Liv Tyler is nothing more than eye candy in the movie. The rest of the crew gave acceptable performances. Billy Bob was tremendous as Truman. Bruce Willis gave his usual performance as the grizzled cool guy. Put them together and you have a hell of a movie. BTW, Deep Impact was boring and can't hold a candle to Armageddon.
6305922748|5.0|Pure comical genius with subtle satire.
B000056N8X|4.0|Highlander:Endgame basically makes the assumption that films 2 and 3 never existed (a good thing), while at the same time it fails to explain how Connor McCleod did not claim \\"The Prize\\" upon slaying the evil Russian Immortal in the first film (a bad thing). It seems that every Highlander sequel somehow manages to gloss over these holes in the plotline, therefore making the series of films a record-breaking achievement in the area of inconsistent writing. But with this one flaw aside, Endgame is the only sequel to the original of any particular quality. In many ways, this is Highlander 2, and the other two films are just \\"what-if?\\" scenarios.<br />In Endgame, world-weary Immortal Connor McCleod (Christopher Lambert) and fellow Immortal clansman Duncan McCleod (Adrian Paul)join forces to destroy Jacob (Bruce Payne), an evil, vastly powerful Immortal and his ethnically diverse gang of cohorts. This is the overall concept, but in true Highlander style it is complete with historical flashbacks that liven things up considerably. Finally, the filmmakers have revived the tragic and emotional aspects of the original that were so lacking in parts 2 and 3. It's certainly not Shakespeare, but it does manage to involve you more deeply in the situations and characters. <br />Adrian Paul is, without a doubt, the star of this film. Lambert's time onscreen is considerably less, and in more ways than one he seems to fill the boots that Sean Connery's Ramirez once wore (though, of course, less effectively). No doubt Lambert began to tire of pumping out Highlander follow-ups that had no consistent vision - though he has retired just when things are getting interesting again...<br />Endgame contains easily the best fight sequences yet seen in a Highlander film. The choreography from the previous movies was merely sufficient, but Endgame steps it up several notches by adding Hong Kong-style martial arts. This stuff enhances the visceral elements of the film immensely. Unlike Lambert, Adrian Paul knows a thing or two about swordplay. Not every move is believable (including the supposedly \\"unstoppable when properly executed\\" maneuver that Connor attempts to teach to Duncan), but all in all it is a step in the right direction, and some of it is downright impressive.<br />The film does lose a bit of steam as it plods onward toward the final confrontation with Jacob, but it offers bar none the best Highlander experience since the original cult favorite. In many ways this is a grade B-movie, but tastefully done and, best of all, it's fun. If further additions to the franchise are of the same quality, then by all means let it continue the further adventures of Duncan McCleod (even if his Scottish accent is ridiculous). If the 5th installment turns out like The Final Dimension, however, let it end on this high note while it still stands a chance...<br />Graded on a slight curve, Endgame deserves 4 stars for succeeding where the others have failed.
B000002A3T|4.0|People... Stop it! Just because Roger Waters is not in the group anymore, that does NOT mean Pink Floyd is dead. Newsflash... bands and musical sounds change over time. Do you honestly think Dark Side of the Moon would be succesful if it were released today? Of course not! Think about it before you berate David Gilmour... Remember the fact that after Wish You Were Here Pink Floyd was reduced to Roger Water's backup band. And I'm sorry to disagree with all the Watersians out there... but The Wall is NOT a great album... With the exception of Comfortably Numb, Nobody Home, and Hey You the whole thing is really not very interesting. At least Animals had that wonderful Pink Floyd signature fluidity... The Wall didn't even have that.<br />You have to evolve and change over time to stay with the game, and this is exactly what Floyd did with the release of this album. It still has the nice fluidity to the music that I have grown to love so dearly, but it has enough of a modern edge to keep it current to the 90s.<br />Cluster One, the opener sets the mood, with its static-laden piano and guitar, it creates the album's focus... communication breakdowns. Each track then explores the deconstruction of modern communication, and the importance to always keep the lines open. Many tracks are acoustically driven, and feature nice segues between them. I thouroughly enjoyed this CD, although I truly didn't appreciate it until I saw them live in concert on the Pulse tour. That was the true spine melter.<br />Don't listen to what these people are saying... This album is quite good! Just don't expect the floyd of the 70s... Expect the Floyd of the 90s... which is what we all should expect because guess what? It IS the 90s. (well, 2001 at the time of my reviewing). Granted, this is not my favorite Floyd album, but it doesn't deserve the harsh criticism a lot of people here have given it.
B00004Y6NV|4.0|I disagree with some reviewers: I think Knopfler does &quot;Heavy Fuel&quot; very well. In fact, it's one of my favorite &quot;Dire Straits&quot; songs. This album is not as impressive as &quot;Brothers in Arms,&quot; but the aging band still serves up another great musical effort. This is a solid rock album with country and metal influences.
B000000HXK|5.0|Just thought fans of this wonderful album might like to know where to find similar sounds: Bark Psychosis were strongly influenced by late-period Talk Talk (Spirit of Eden, Laughing Stock), as are current period Radiohead.  Talk Talk's drummer Lee Harris even helped on the production of Hex, so the link is pretty close.  Worth a listen.
B000002H70|5.0|Cure is one of my favorite bands. It has its own style that cannot be categorized simplistically. It is melodic punk of sorts. Smith lives between romantic love ballads and paranoid, surreal rhymes. I heard The Cure live at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena ten years ago, and it was awesome. This particular album contains many of my favorite songs. And &quot;Pictures of You&quot; is a perfect example of The Cure style I described. This is a very talented and unique band.<br />The Cure is the only band in history that succeeded in selling such unabashed introspection, gloom, and hypersensitivity to the notoriously optimistic, digest-your-experiences American audience. If you never listend to The Cure you are missing a major phenomenon in modern music history.
091581112X|5.0|As a author myself, I rarely recommend books that are channeled. This book is an exception. The messages in this book are powerful, concise and address both the human and spiritual concerns of the reader, in very practical terms. Whether or not you believe in channeled wisdom, this book will make a difference in your life. Although I not particularly familiar with the author's others works, her book echoes many of the themes in my own book. Her book is written with extraordinary compassion and sensitivity. When you read this book you not only feel compelled to thoughtfully reflect on what was written, you will feel the author's words touch those place within your own heart that lack self-love. The result is a healing take place that allows you to move from a state of unhappiness and self-doubt to a state of grace that words alone can not describe.
B000002USN|4.0|The Chairman of the Board returns to Capitol Records, the label of his heyday, with an album that will delight some fans and raise the eyebrows of many others. On \\"Duets,\\" a 78-year-old Sinatra re-records many of his signature tunes in classic big-band arrangements, paired with an eclectic group of contemporary artists, including Barbara Streisand, Liza Minnelli, Julio Iglesias, Tony Bennett, Gloria Estefan, and U2's Bono. Too much has been made of the fact that none of the artists were actually paired with Ol' Blue Eyes in the studio. The individual parts of each \\"duet\\" were in fact recorded separately. Still, the excitement these contemporary artists felt at the prospect of trading verses with Sinatra (if only through the magic of technology) is palpable in their performances. Some of the pairings are particularly noteworthy. Sinatra and Luther Vandross seem to have a blast with their jazzy take on \\"The Lady Is A Tramp,\\" with Vandross sounding especially lively as he scats across the final bridge. Similarly, the Other Great Voice - Tony Bennett - has a grand time trading verses with Sinatra on a loose, freewheeling version of \\"New York, New York.\\" Julio Iglesias distinctive voice adds a warm international flavor to \\"Summer Wind.\\" Sinatra and Charles Aznavour sound like old buddies on \\"You Make Me Feel So Young.\\" Barbara Streisand sounds perfectly sweet on \\"I've Got A Crush On You.\\" Carly Simon, Liza Minnelli, Gloria Estefan, Anita Baker and Natalie Cole all turn in uniformly stellar performances. Only Aretha Franklin disappoints, coming across too strong on an oddly upbeat version of \\"What Now My Love.\\" Sinatra's most experimental pairing on the CD - with Bono on \\"I've Got You Under My Skin\\" - works surprisingly well. The pair meets on a few unexpected, yet delightful harmonies. Individually, they sound like two cats bridging a few generations to re-define what \\"cool\\" sounds like. Sinatra saves his best performance on \\"Duets\\" for last - a re-working of \\"One For MyBaby (And One More For The Road)\\" which is introduced with a musical snippet of \\"All The Way.\\" Accompanied by Kenny G on saxophone, Sinatra sounds worldly, weathered, and appropriately heartbroken - in short, he's perfect. It surely ranks as one of Sinatra's best late-career performances. Fans expecting \\"Duets\\" to rival Sinatra's best Capitol or Reprise recordings will be disappointed. But those who listen without prejudice will find much to enjoy on the album. Most notably, it demonstrates that even in the twilight of his career, Sinatra could still hold his own with the best vocalists of the day.
B00004SAJK|2.0|At least this album has a few good tunes, like DREAMING, LET IT RAIN and FEEL IT. But UFO is already clearly going downhill here, hiring rent-a-musician Neil Carter and sufferinf creatively without Michael Schenker.
B000002C2E|3.0|A lot of reviewers have likened this album to &quot;Blood on the Tracks&quot; in that it doesn't seem so great at first, but repeated listenings reveal it for the great work that it is.  This is certainly true, but what I have found is that &quot;Time Out of Mind&quot; has a third stage, in which one realizes that it actually isn't THAT good.<br /> It's certainly the best thing Dylan has done since &quot;Oh Mercy&quot;, but it can't stand up to &quot;Desire&quot; (or even &quot;Infidels&quot;).  None of the songs are really bad, and a few are even gems (&quot;Tryin' To Get To Heaven&quot;), but on the whole the album is sort of unsatisfying.  Some of the songs even seem self-indulgent, the creations of a much older Dylan who knows that he's getting old and is taking the opportunity to capitalize on it.<br /> I should mention, though, that &quot;Tryin' To Get To Heaven&quot;, &quot;Not Dark Yet&quot;, and even &quot;Make You Feel My Love&quot; are great.  The latter is a fairly simple love song, setting it apart from the other songs on the album.  It's remarkably good, though.<br /> On the whole, it's worth the money, but it's certainly not Dylan's best album.  Get &quot;John Wesley Harding&quot; or &quot;Highway 61 Revisited&quot; first if you want an introduction to Dylan.
B00000DLVA|1.0|Well there's bad and there's bad and then there's this. Sammy was bearable on 5150 but now h- oops! Wrong album. Gran Turismo? That one's fantastic!!! Five stars (out of five) at least!!<br />I don't know, I feel very ignorant in this exalted company because Gran Turismo is the only Cardigans album I own, but I'm still going to have my say. My say is that this is brilliant! The principal faults are these: Nina's voice is sometimes too pure and sharp, rather like being smothered in ice, and the lyrics sometimes descend into mix-and-match rhyming Scandinavian strangled English, if you see what I mean. Plus there are some distinctly weak links (the Junk song, Marvel Hill). Other than that though, this is a frankly flawless album. I don't need to describe it - you know what it sounds like - but I would just say that this is not as heavily influenced by Portishead as some people claim. Portishead make thin, usually half-tuneful and always unsatisfying music: this is as nice as a box of chocolates. Just like Life, really.
B00000J7SS|5.0|I first heard this album in my friends car.  Only Pharoah's dance and the beginning of Bitches Brew, which sounded like chaos, and was pretty much ignored.  All I heard of the first song was the intro, slithering and dark, and I loved it.  But you can't casually listen to this album or this music.  It is so complicated, with ensemble playing of the highest order, that to casually listen would be to miss almost all of it.  This is not music for the close minded, or someone who doesn't like dissonance.   The day I finally bought it I took it out on my balcony and listened to the whole thing once, and the first cd twice.  At twenty minutes, Pharoes dance should be impossible to listen to twice in a row.  I have.  It is my single favorite song.  Period.  Bitches Brew is incredibly nasty, especially Maupins hushed trombone, and Mile's soloing.  Never mind the three stellar pianists on electric keyboards, including Zawinul and Corea.   One of the greatest flaws of the incredible music that is jazz (and I'm not knockin jazz, I love it more than any other music) is that traditionally build up tended to occur only in a given solo by a particular player.  Once he finished, another soloist takes over, meaning that even the most incredible songs, with the greatest accompanyment still feel like exhibitions for the soloists, which they were.  This music changed that.  Pharoahs dance moves forward at all times, building and diving, towards, and into chaos, before triumphantly emerging from it.  As chaotic as it sounds, it is one of the most well structured pieces in existence.  How else could so many disparite elements sound so focused and in such cohesion.   The piece begins with one of the most haunting intros in jazz, builds to a frenzy when Miles arrives, takeing you into caverns of dark intensity.  Each player is like a shining crystal in the dark, and a bat might flutter by, and beneath it all there is the subtereanean well of passion that only music like this can create anddrink from.  At the twelve minute mark, Wayne Shorter plays a magnificent solo that feels like its being played in the darkest tunnels ahead, beckoning you forward.  And the climax (Oh yes, unlike most jazz tunes, this song is always building, always roaring or running towards its climax) is the greatest five minutes in a Miles Davis recording.  It bubbles and froths, first softly and then as each player returns, one after the other, more intensely, until, not realizing until now how vigourously you're tapping along, the geyser of a whole life of genius emerges from the ground, the great Pharaoh of jazz, Miles Davis.  His final solo is typical miles, eloquent and lyrical, and above all, understated.  The discipline of his playing is unmatched, as it has always been.  By phrasing less he says infinitly more.  Simply the nastiest playing by Miles ever.  Vicious and without a wink of sentimentality, or whimsy, this is elemental stuff.  And of course the accompanyment feels like an entire city.  With all of its hidden thoughts and hopes, and pools of water.  The endless rush of people, but Miles is the one guiding principle, the passion in the blood rushing through everyones vains as crystalized in music.  And then you think of the title, and look back and imagine the correlation between the songs structure and buildup with the theme of an incantatory dance to bring forth Egyptian Gods.  Listen to it and tell yourself it isn't the most passionate song ever recorded.  You can't.
B00005IBGQ|1.0|The quality of this cd was far lower than I had hoped, based on his previous work.  I've never heard a better album than his first one, but Poses lacked that special something that I loved so much about his other work.
B00005LOUQ|5.0|This movie was awesome! Maybe a little scary for kids, but it was better than the original,
B00003CXDZ|5.0|Some friends of mine finally got me to go see it, simply amazing.  Not a movie I thought I would go see but what a great show!  The songs, characters, wardrobe, it is a very entertaining and fun movie with a sincere and deep love story.  Ewan and Nicole both have amazing voices.  I love the use of songs from the 80's and earlier in the movie.  Just so many things that made this a wonderful movie to see again and again.   I wished I wasn't so stuborn. Now I have to wait until it comes out on DVD before I can see it again.  I will be buying this one along with the soundtrack.  To Baz, Ewan and Nicole. BRAVO !
6302787297|5.0|The soundtrack, the directing, the acting, the costume designs, the cinematography, the script. All brought together in perfect fashion for this film. 1492 is more of an art house movie than anything else. It will hold your interest and take you on an amazing historical ride. 1492 is a classic. Buy it now.
B00000ILE7|3.0|People keep saying how bad this movie is. But come on people, it's not the best in the series (Aliens belongs to that title), but nor is it the worst I(that's Alien Resurrection, but you probably already knew that). So, it's gory, but it is a horror movie. In Alien, there would be just as much if they showen the death scenes. Aliens would be if it wasn't consatnt machine guns, flamethrowers and action to get in the way. Alien Resurrection I don't even wan't to talk about.People keep saying thatit has bad acting. They are usually the same people telling yoou that Alien Resurrection had stunning, admirable or Oscar worthy preformances on Alien Resurrection. And also, Charles Dance and Charles S. Dutton. They are some of the better actors I've seen. If you didn't like it, at LEAST try to watch it again, and THINK about it this time instead of giving it bad reviews for the sake of hating at least one of the movies in every trilogy. Note: But I admit. It is not a classic, and not even close to as entertaining as the first two.
6302787297|5.0|1492 is an amazing Ridley Scott film. Time to answer some questions a viewer here might want to ask. Is it slow paced? yes at times it is. Is it boring? no (depends if your interested in history). Is Gerard Depardieu terrible in the movie? No. He does a great job with the role and portrays Columbus as an artist, a man with lots of passion much like himself. Does he screw up some of his lines in the movie? Not really. Just sounds like it at times. But if you have subtitles you would fine he is pronouncing all his lines fairly accurately. 1492 flopped at the box office so is it really that bad and unprofessional? Box office results say nothing about the quality of a movie. 1492 is a stroke of cinematic genius. Is it historically accurate? In most parts but like all history movies it get's self indulgent and rewrites history a little in spots. Is it some of Ridley Scott's best work? Yes. Why isn't it on DVD yet in the USA? Good question.
B00000K19E|5.0|&quot;Unfortunately, no one can be told what the matrix is, you would have to see it for youself.&quot; And that is definitely true, you will have to watch this movie to find out what the Matrix is and let me tell you, YOU WON'T REGRET IT!<br />Here's the basic plot though of &quot;Matrix&quot;. Keanu Reeves is Thomas Anderson, the normal every-day computer progammer who 'helps his landlady take out the garbage'. But by night he is an Internet and computer hacker going by the alias Neo. Neo is searching for something, someone to help confirm his belief, that there is something wrong with the world, something undefinable. Like his is stuck in... a dream world. One day he is sought out by the mysterious and beautiful Trinity (Carrie-Anne Moss). She tells him that there is an answer to his question that someone can help him, that someone is Morpheus (Laurence Fishburne). But later Neo finds out that it is not Neo who needs Morpheus, it is the future, that is in need of him. From then on Neo is dragged into a world which is not what it seems, a world which cannot be real, or can it?<br />A true masterpiece, this movie will just blow you away! Eye popping special effects, mind boggling kung fu, and &quot;take your breath away&quot; action. The last hour of &quot;Matrix&quot; has intense non-stop action that will just keep your mouth hanging open, your eyes glued to the screen. This is the ultimate action/science fiction movie I've ever seen. And not to mention that the acting is fantastic with Reeves, Fishburne, and Moss. You can almost believe that they have been doing ju jitsu all their lives (contrary to that they had only 4 months training with martial arts experts before filming). It's also not only that it's a good movie to watch, it's a good movie in which you watch while thinking. Most movies have great action and effects but, where's the plot? &quot;Matrix&quot; has a plot with twists and turns, surprises, and action.<br />After reading all this I'm hoping you feel that you really want to see it. This has the makings of a truly great movie, that's why it is! Enjoy it!
B00004Z459|5.0|To compare this band to Limp Bizkit is an insult. Personnaly I don't believe they even come close. I'm a new Linkin Park fan and I got this cd after I saw them live at the Big Day Off Fest (an off Ozzfest concert) at Jones Beach and they were incredible. From Shinodo's smooth raps in tracks like &quot;By Myself&quot; transitioning to Chester's gritty metal edge takes you from a head bobbing lull to a head banging nightmare. This album is the best rock/metal combination since..... well, no one.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|UNBELIEVABLE! Anyone who doesnt like this movie is not quite right in the head and they must have ADD.  It demonstrates how love can thrive despite social standing. Ewan surprised us all with his acting skills in Episode 1, but who the hell knew he could sing that extroardiny!?   Nicole Kidman was another shocker.         This movie was the rebirth of the musical.  All I can say is, its a damn shame movies like this don't win best picture, best picture goes to demented things like Shakespear in Love or American Beauty.  This had better win something.
B000002P5W|5.0|This is a beautiful album, with nary a wasted moment.  Thank God no one felt the need to junk it up with a bunch of bonus tracks (like they did with &quot;Are you Experienced?&quot;).  Personally, I enjoy this record the most of Jimi's albums, though all of course are absolute classics.<br />I used to manage a rock'n'roll band, and they had a pretty dreadful lot of original material.  I always insisted on including some Hendrix covers in their stage set in order to insure some good songs.  The only one from this album that I would let them touch is &quot;She's So Fine&quot;, Noel Redding's cute but slight track-- arguably the only disposable cut on the record.  Anyway, my group handled it better than the covers from &quot;Are you Experienced&quot; and &quot;Electric Ladyland&quot;, which only emphasizes that &quot;She's so Fine&quot; isn't the greatest song in the world.<br />Don't buy this first if you have no Jimi.  Get &quot;Are you Experienced?&quot; first.  This is your next stop.  You'll be in hog heaven.
B00004TH83|4.0|I got this album a few days ago and haven't stopped listening to it since. Love by Grace is what got my attention so I decided to see what else the album offered. Aside from LBG, her hit single I Will Love Again is also featured. Some other great songs are Giving Up On You, Yeliel, and Broken Vow (what a powerful song and voice). I can understand why people compare her sound to Celine Dion(my favorite artist) because they are quite similar. I remember when I first heard I Will Love Again I thought it was a new single from Celine Dion. Lara has a very soothing voice that will relax you when you just want to unwind. Though heavy on the ballads, this album is a treat if you like the Celine sound. Lara has great potential and I hope to hear more from her in the future.
B00001QEE5|5.0|&quot;Peter Pan&quot;, the 2nd Disney Classic that I added to my DVD library is another keeper. Another favorite from my childhood, the film is still a great experience to watch. The animation is still classic, as is the story. Of course, the appeal of the film has changed for me, from what it was when I was a kid. It is now a classic animation film, rather then just a cartoon.<br />I was suprised with Disney didn't announce that this film was going to be part of their &quot;Platinum Editions&quot;, but this DVD (while no extras) is still worth the purchase for the film its self. The picture is adequete as is the Dolby Digital Mix (Adequete for an animated film that is). <br />If you are a DVD Collector, you should strongly consider purchasing this DVD, and all of Disney's Classics.
0451199871|4.0|I confess to absolutely loving Dame Agatha's Miss Marple books.  I suppose I find the coziness of them soothing.  I enjoyed this one because of the presence of Col. &amp; Mrs. Bantry but it was not quite up to par with most of her others.  Miss Marple's character becomes more rounded as we see her interact with her friends.  I agree with those readers who noted less &quot;action&quot; in this book, but I don't think that dooms it to being a bad book--it's just a change of pace, which is often refreshing.
0671449028|5.0|We gave this book to our son for his second birthday which was two days ago.  He now has it memorized and is reciting it to me.  He loves it because it follows a familiar routine: his bedtime ritual (except for the exercise, but he loves the silliness of that part).  Even our three-and-a-half year old comes over when I read this.  I also think the pictures really get his attention.  Our two-year-old is even throwing in some motions (rocking, scrubbing) when I read it.  I'm looking forward to Christmas when I can buy them some more of this author.
0061003697|5.0|This is the first Christie book I have read in a while.  I sure am glad that I did.  This is one of the finest Christie mysteries, both for its marvellous use of atmosphere as well as its twisty, holding plot.  This is an incredible mystery filled with local color and plenty of suspects to go around - the description of the splendors of Egypt is wonderful and the characters of all the passengers on board are well developed. Christie shifts the possibility of guilt like a kaleidescope, showing us in turn how almost every single passenger on the cruise had a plausible reason for wishing Linnet Doyle dead....the ending is a genuine shocker, yet completely believeable. You must read this book if you are a mystery lover, it will play havoc with all your notions about guilt and innocence!
B000002UAX|5.0|This album, being the white album, by the Beatles, is one of the best albums in the history of the world. It is as simple as that. A MUST for anyone considering buying this album. The Beatles did it again with this amazing opus of sound. A MASTERPIECE. Pure brilliance. I can't say any more. This is a must buy for anyone and everyone. Every single song is worth the money you are paying, sure to live on for eternity! WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR? GO NOW, GET OFF YOUR CHAIR, OUT OF THE HOUSE OR OFFICE, AND BUY THIS AMAZING WORK OF ART IF YOU HAVENT ALREADY GOTTEN IT!
B00000I07P|5.0|One of the best Rock N' Roll CDs every created, with tracks like Livin on a Prayer, and 'You give Love a Bad Name' how can you go wrong? it's great, I can hear it all day, but luckily I have many other bon jovi CDs so I listen to them as well.
B00005B5L4|5.0|As a lifetime fan of Fleetwood Mac and especially this album, I was very pleased to experience it as if I had heard it for the first time. Nuances in each song I never heard on the CD played on the same system and player made me think it had been re-recorded, but this is not the case. Wonderful!! Fantastic!! If you are a fan this is for you!!
6304925131|5.0|I've seen the Firm, I've seen A Time To Kill, and I've seen A Civil Action.  This is better than all of them in terms of depicting a serious civil action law suit and a wide-eyed fresh out of law school lawyer.<br />This movie was before Matt Damon became MATT DAMON and shows (along with Courage Under Fire) why he deserves the acclaim that he gets.  He delivers a great subtle performance.  His character is sincere, earnest, and eager to learn and seek justice, yet not the typical righteous caricature that movies often make lawyers (arrogant seekers of truth).  The battered love interest story line is a bit unnecessary, but this movie is definately worth your time.
6301016289|1.0|Making money in the movie market is good and honest while making money at the financial market is a crime? That is why \\"greed is good\\" is a phrase that can only be said by someone who does not have any ability to deal in the financial markets and so has to practice fraudulent insider information? That is not capitalism, that is crime. But I guess that in Mr. Stones eyes it's the same. If you are a socialist you'll love this movie. If as in my case you are a libertarian, and you are looking for a true vision of HONEST stock market entrepreneurs you will not find it here. \\"Other People's Money\\" is a much better, and truthful insight.
B00005MEPV|5.0|Well, a couple of years WAIT after the release of a movie like StarWars is useful, to be able to step back some and judge the movie for what it is...A movie.Not just a StarWars flick but a science-fiction film that can stands on its own. &quot;The most anticipated film of all times...the hype...the rumors...ect...&quot; Well, after watching this episode a thousand times,i can honestly say that this is a true classic along with  ANH, TESB, and ROTJ. So lucas did it again! a perfect opening for the entire saga. It's paced with breathtaking new environments and landscapes. The John Williams score is amazing, Ben Burtt mixed  really sensitive and original sound effects once again! Ray Parks is trully &quot;cult&quot; already like Boba Fett was in the 70's. and the acting is in the pure &quot;StarWars&quot; tradition, not awards worthy, but still manages to create different layers of emotions. To me , personnelly this movie rocks, and might be the funniest of all so far!  Watch over and over for cameos and all! Can't wait to own it in my DVD collection to keep myself busy until &quot;Attack of the Clones&quot; comes out.&quot;Are you sure about this...trusting our fate to a boy we hardly know...&quot; Yes i'm sure, i'm positive and have fun watching it!
0385495315|5.0|THE CODE BOOK is a beatuful overview of the history of cryptography. The book takes the reader from the simple ciphers of history (this is where Mary Queen of Scots comes in, but I thought that story was fairly far in the background), through the fairly radical improvements of the rennaisance, and truly shines in the discussion of the WWII Enigma machine and the truly amazing response of the English decoding aparatus. It appears that much material only recently became declassified, allowing Singh to discuss Enigma and the English code-breaking operation. Finally, Singh gets to the efforts to produce computer cryptography and the recent innovations that culminate in the &quot;public key&quot; encryption and the controversy over the PGP (pretty good privacy) program. This book was so exciting that I could not put it down. It is easy to read--no math in the text and plenty of appendicces with the formulas--yet reveals so much. On top of the beautiful exposition on cryptography, Singh also visits the public policy conflicts between national security and privacy. Not that those have any easy answers, but the conflict is very palpable.
B00005B4GU|5.0|I'd like to start by saying this is now my favorite Radiohead album. That's a sincere, considered opinion; doesn't mean I'm a &quot;lemming&quot; with his head up his posterior.<br />Everything works here, as a highly listenable (!), wonderfully flowing suite of songs. Yes, songs. Not random noises, or repetitive squeaks, these are songs through and through; structured, thoughtful, full of emotion. Give it a chance. If you're disappointed, give it another listen. Turn the lights out, and just let it flow. If you still don't like it, oh well. It's a shame it doesn't work for you.<br />Now, the real reason for this review is to say that I saw this band live this summer and my opinion of them has only soared. I've seen many bands, famous and not, over the last 20 years. I've racked my brain trying to remember a better concert, and I'm hard pressed.<br />The only ones that come close are Springsteen, who I saw in '81 and '84, and Neil Young and Crazy Horse ('91, '96), both of whom are rightly considered outstanding live performers even by some people who don't care for their music. REM on three occasions expertly showed me three different sides (punkers, artsies, and arena-rock gods), but they can't beat Radiohead for live thrills. Even Prince, who I saw give a great show just a couple of weeks before Radiohead, was a letdown by comparison. Many lesser acts have thrilled me and sent me home very happy; not one of them can touch Radiohead. (Though of course there are many acts I'd love to see but haven't.)<br />The reason I make these comparisons is this: in the summer of 2001, Radiohead puts on a show that seamlessly incorporates material from the last four albums. The new songs don't seem out of place at all next to songs from OK Computer or the Bends. (Which makes sense, considering that many of the &quot;new&quot; songs were written some time ago and only recently recorded.) Songs that you'd think simply wouldn't work live, like Pulk/Pull Revolving Doors, become exhilerating, larger-than-life pieces. Radiohead, wonderful though the records are, prove themselves made for a huge live sound.<br />The live show makes it plain, if there was any doubt, that Amnesiac and Kid A are not mere diversions or experiments. They are Radiohead through and through, just as much as the other three albums.<br />What's truly remarkable is that this is serious music from thoughtful, highly trained musicians...and it still rocks. <br />I'm sorry if you don't like it. In my opinion, you're missing out on something truly great. If your disappointment with this album led you to take a pass on seeing them live, then you've missed something very special.
B000005ILF|4.0|Now, I love Sting, so he could pretty much read the alphabet and I'd listen.  That being said, let me say that this is not my favorite album, (that honor belongs to &quot;Nothing Like The Sun&quot;, which is the truly essential Sting album) but it's definately a good listen.<br />&quot;Hounds of Winter&quot; is deliberately haunting, &quot;I was brought to my senses&quot; is one of my favorite love songs (it starts off slow, and then picks up, and just makes me want to take a long walk in the woods and appreciate the beauty in everything) and &quot;I'm so Happy. . .&quot; tells a story of a man post-divorce that makes you sad and hopeful at the same time.<br />Sting has always his best when he inhabits the characters he sings about, and he does that particularly well in &quot;I hung my head&quot; and the aforementioned &quot;I'm So Happy&quot;.  Suprisingly, however, I often find myself listening to track 8, a french ballad that makes great gentle backround music during any dinner party.  If you're an easy listening fan, and particularly if you already like Sting, this is a great CD.  It's 4 stars instead of 5 only because he could write &quot;Nothing Like The Sun&quot; only once.
0140441409|5.0|I first read Meditations 15 years ago and was so overwhelmed with its simplicity of style and depth of thought that I took to it like a fish to water. So often we are taught that one must be (insert organized religion here) to do good, to be good, etc. I am grateful that the Meditations taught me goodness, self-control, peace of mind and my duty to others without resorting to heavy-handed religiosity. The several copies of the Mediations I have are dog-eared and deeply loved. I would say the same for Epictetus and his teachings. Stoicism in many ways resembles Buddhism (the Theraveda school, at least) and Taosim so anyone familiar with these philosphies will find a home in the Meditations.  Each part ofthe book is presented almost like the Bible - book, chapter and verse. This makes it easy to study and meditate upon it. It also makes it simple to refer to a specific passage. Of the translations I own, Mr. Staniforth's is the best, in my opinion.
0792841344|5.0|Some movies like this just seem to have so much in the feel of the visuals and soundtrack they they can overcome some of the most inept acting in the history of film and still become classics. Anyone else wonder how cool it would be to hang out with Angus Scrimm and knock back a few tall cold ones?
0375703764|3.0|I really really wanted to like this book. I was insanely intrigued in the bookstore after reading all the hyped-up blurbs on the covers, flipping through the artfully laid out text and the majority of postings here. But, like most things, this book doesn't live up to that hype. (In this respect as well, it warrants similar comparisons to \\"The Blair Witch Project\\".) There are moments of brilliance and creepiness, but overall it's pretty dull. Some of the layouts are cool, but several are just plain self-indulgent and frustrating to have to plough through. (This is definitely a book where skimming is allowed.) Danielewski does the correct, clever thing in never naming or explaining the exact nature or reasons for what's going on in the house. Any answer would be a letdown and leaving it up the individual's imagination is what makes it (hopefully) creepier. And he's calls it early on that he's not going to explain it. So it becomes a tedious teasing act. Overall, it's mildly entertaining, but I'm certainly glad I checked this out of the library and didn't plunk down [price] for it. I suggest you do the same.
B00005LB50|3.0|OK--You've already plodded through 30 &quot;reviews&quot; to get to mine.  I'll be brief with my comments.  Over 30 years ago Neil Young bragged about the great music that was still in the can, hoping it someday it would be issued.  Were you talking about these demos Neil?  They range from mediocre to good.  Interesting of course, but there is nothing that can compare to the group's first two LPs.  PACKAGING/ARTWORK/LINER NOTES: Very disappointing for the price.  The individual CD cover inserts are very cheap indeed.  The booklet, filled with faux newspaper clippings, is dark, tedius, and disconcerting.  Is it copy (six point or smaller in some cases) to be read or is it bleed artwork?  My point?  It could have been much better.  Editorial content, of course, is subjective but I was not impressed--certainly not relevatory, must-read material. Track sequence, as discussed and criticized earlier by other reviewers, is unexplainable.  Options that could have been:  Chrono-sequence of the first three LPs followed by demos; or chrono-sequence of each LP followed by or preceded by related demos. MUSIC:  How can you issue a 4-CD box set and not include all of the group's third LP?  Sometimes my goal in buying a box set is to condense my collection of individual CDs.  I almost didn't buy this box for that very reason.  However, I eventually succumbed to my fetish for box sets, deciding to buy yet another imperfect box collection. I dumped the group's first two LPs/CDs knowing that I would be saddled with their third, in addition to the box set.  I tried to squeeze the CD into the box to make a 5-CD set but was unable to pull it off.  Quality of the recordings, obviously, is excellent.  CLOSING COMMENTS:  If you are a fan, you already have the group's three LPs/CDs.  Is the high price worth it, especially if you've already popped for the group's expensive, remastered/HDCD first LP/CD, &quot;Buffalo Springfield&quot;?  For what's it's worth (sorry but it is way past time to entertain myself), the answer is no...unless you don't mind overpaying.to entertain myself), the answer is no...unless you don't mind overpaying.
B00003CXSP|3.0|One wonders why the movie billed as &quot;The ending you'll never forget!&quot; on the box when it turns out that they cut a good minute or so out of the end. This is a disappointing detail about the home releases and almost makes the deleted scenes obselete. Why include extra scenes if you're going to cut the selling point of the movie?
B000002U82|5.0|The reason people pour platitudes onto this album is because it deserves them.  It represents that fleeting moment in Floyd's history where they played as an impeccable unit rather than as a psychedelic jam show or Roger Waters's vehicle to express his &quot;unspeakable visions of the soul.&quot;  Don't get me wrong, I love most things Floyd did (from first to last, there is something wonderful to find on every album).  _Dark Side_ crystallizes everything that Floyd did mean, does mean, and will mean.  Albums around the time of its release like _Meddle_ and _Wish You Were Here_ almost make the same universal statement; they just have those few moments where the statement is not made.  _Dark Side_ has no moment where this listener is not put in awe by the colossal confusion that constitutes the human psyche.
0553106635|5.0|If you love the hero's journey then this is the series for you!  George RR Martin gives you several heroes and anti-heroes or lets you decide who is what.  You are sure to find something you can relate to with all of them. In this third installment of A Song of Ice and Fire, GRRM has done it again, but even better!  The scope and majesty of his writing as well as the unexpected twists in the storylines kept this book at my side until I completed it.  Old prophesies are fulfilled and more prophesies are told as our favorite characters continue their respective journeys. The book begins a bit slow, but I believe that couldn't be helped as I needed that time to set the stage to remind me where the story has been.  The action takes off and kept me running through to the end as I nervously kept track of how many chapters I had left until it was over. My only complaint is having to wait until the next book is published.
B000002NHN|5.0|Loreena McKennitt produces music that even the angels would stop to listen to. Along with an array of songs from the many corners of the world is an introduction booklet written by the artist explaining each songs source.<br />My favorite song is \\"The Mummers' Dance\\".  Many of you might remember it as the theme song from the movie, \\"Legend's of the Fall\\" starring Brad Pitt. It was after hearing it in the theater that I sat through the final credits to find out who this superb singer with a haunting quality was. I have since bought several of her CD's and have never been disappointed, though this one has remained my favorite.  Kelsana 8/20/01
B0000020C4|5.0|I first became aware of Les Miserables in Junior High and it just stuck with me.  Then I saw this performance on PBS and I fell absolutely in love with it.  I bought the VHS first and after watching it I had to have the CD.  This is the only performance I have seen of Les Miserables so I can't imagine any others playing these roles.  I loved everyone, especially Ruthie Henshall, Colm Wilkinson, Lea Salonga, Michael Ball, Michael Maguire and Phillip Quast.  I would definitely recommend this CD to anyone.  I can't wait to see Les Miserables live later this year.
B000003TAL|5.0|Many people disagree about this album's canonical status (&quot;It's the definition of godhead&quot; . . . &quot;It's not as good as _Sister_&quot;  . . . &quot;I don't get how the critics call it a classic--you can't dance to it@#$%&amp;&quot;).  I have a hypothesis.  If this is the first thing you ever buy by Sonic Youth, it has a tendency to change the way you perceive music.  This was the case with me twelve years ago.  I've since gone on to consider their albums previous to _Daydream_ as art-punk masterpieces, but none quite has the epic sturm und drang that _Daydream_ possesses.  They go for an epic feel on latter-day recordings but just don't reach the absurdist heights they do on compositions such as &quot;Hey Joni&quot; and &quot;Candle.&quot;  It is as if they are at the perfect crossroads between practice and theory on _Daydream_ and that translates incredibly well for a person who is looking for that something new in music.<br />Obviously my hypothesis doesn't apply to the critics who rated it SY's best after hearing classics like _Evol_ and _Sister_.  My opinion in this case?  The critics were right for once on this one.
B000001FMC|5.0|Now, &quot;Swing Out Sister&quot; actually was introduced to my music library when one summer Saturday night in the early 1990's... the cut, &quot;Twilight World&quot; was being played on a Chicago Smooth Jazz Station. Fortunately,when I first heard it,I was recording music from the station that night for personal use in my car!I kept playing that song, and I instantly knew that someday I would have to try to find it on CD! The music of SOS is fresh, never boring to me, and it takes on a new dimension as I'm going to work,to a gig,or just in the mood to &quot;Chill Out&quot;! Sometimes when I'm going to work, another single of theirs, (not on this CD, but get the CD anyway!) &quot;Get In Touch With Yourself&quot; makes an average night of driving into the &quot;Big City Lights&quot; of the &quot;Chicago Loop&quot; sparkle before your eyes! But be careful if you're driving along, and begin dancing in your seat!(people tend to look at me and wonder what I'm listening to!)Anyway... take it from the &quot;Saxman&quot;,get this CD, and perhaps you aren't familiar with &quot;SOS&quot;, but their music will make you want to groove!
0930289528|4.0|If you like Batman and an avid observer of politics (especially if you are on the opposition side), this book is definitely your choice. It's a must for free spirited people whose liberated minds are too outburst to be contained by the laws and rules of their governments. Then again, it's still just fantasy, though.
B00003CXSP|5.0|For all of those simpletons out there who have plagued the real fans of &quot;Hannibal&quot;, a few words...&quot;As your mother told you, and my mother certainly told me...it's always important, she always used to say, always to try new things.&quot;<br />The multitude of uninformed and sometimes incredibly stupid reviews that I've seen are not fooling the real fans of this movie.  If you hate the movie so much, shut up and don't buy the thing, leave the stock for the people who want all the nice features and extra stuff it has to offer.<br />Bottom line, if you hated the movie so much I would have loved to have seen your expressions when the elusive Hannibal gave his elegant grin in the closing moments of the movie.<br />I'm buying the DVD, and the vast majority of DVD shoppers are as well from the looks of the best sellers list.  So, we win after all.  It's a good purchase, and a good movie.
B00004XONN|5.0|This is one of those rare albums that I give a perfect 10 (others include Davis's _Kind of Blue_, Sonic Youth's _Daydream Nation_, and The Beatles's _Sgt. Pepper's_).  <br />Simply put, _Kid A_ represents the first successful fusion of rock and electronica.  The intriguing cybernetic puddle _Kid A_ appears to be on first listen becomes a more and more gratifying experience with every run.  I must be on listen 1000 right now--I've yet to report any negative reaction to any of the different peeks I've taken into its breathtaking microcosm.<br />Radiohead is not perfect, but this album is as close to perfection as it gets.  _Amnesiac_ is wonderful, but does not cohere like this one, showing that the members of Radiohead still need to figure things out more.  When I saw them live in Chicago this summer, however, all my reasons for admiring them were confirmed many times over: Radiohead is the first musical act of the new century to break new musical ground.  The emotion they are able to put into their performances while at the same time manipulating a veritable arsenal of technology shows that they are more than just pretentious art-school boys.  They are serious musicians who ask nothing less of themselves than to change the way we perceive sound.  _Kid A_ was the first album that did that for me in almost a decade.<br />Get used to going with the turbulent flow that you hear on _Kid A_.  The rest of the musical world may start to catch up some time in the next generation.
079284470X|5.0|This is an oldtime favorite. I agree with everyone, this film will be forever in my heart and among my most treasured favorites. The film is so heartwarming and wonderful. I wish they would release it on DVD. I would love to own this film on DVD.
B00005AAFS|5.0|(. . .). <br />I'll get to the point. Mutter is their best album because the songs are more diverse and refined. They are more different from each other than the songs from Sehnsucht and Herzeleid. Even if one does not like metal at all, (as I did when I heard them,) one will like Ramms+ein because of the irresistible beats and guitar riffs they play. And of course to top things off, you have Till who sings in a beautiful and completely mezmorizing German voice. In for a softer song? Nebel is absolutely beautiful (my entire family likes it.)<br />If you have and like Herzeleid and or Sehnsucht DONT THINK TWICE ABOUT GETTING THIS CD. GO RIGHT NOW AND GET IT... YOU WONT BE DISAPPOINTED.<br />One more thing to add to non-Ramms+ein fans; parents ect.:<br />To everybody that thinks Ramms+ein is the problem behind troubled kids or high school shootings, they could not be more wrong. Sadly Ramms+ein is blamed for these things and associated with Nazism and hate. They are certainly NOT NAZIS and do not sing about hate or anything offensive in any way. Leave them alone!
B00004Z459|5.0|This album is probably the best album I have, it is so amazing, there's no swears in it which is good because most bands swear. Linkin park have music of their own, they sound like no other band. The first song I heard was crawling and it was so good I bought the album. The best songs are &quot;crawling&quot;, &quot;papercut&quot; and &quot;one step closer&quot;.  Listen to any one of these and you'll like linkin park.
B0000024RQ|5.0|One of the single most important albums of the 1960s canon of music, THE FREEWHEELIN' BOB DYLAN, along PLEASE PLEASE ME, introduced that era with a bang.  Sure, the decade had been underway since 1960, but with this release we finally get the Dylan that will change the face of popular music.  Although the album before this one can be entertaining in spots, no one could guess the genius of this sophomore effort by listening to the first Bob Dylan disc.  And what genius it is.  It also has a lesson produces nowadays could learn from: you don't need tons of insturments to produce an effective sound or music.  This is just Dylan, a guitar, and a harmonica with the exception of \\"Corrina, Corrina,\\" and he makes it work.  Boy does he ever. Compositions like \\"Blowin' in the Wind,\\" \\"Don't Think Twice, It's Alright,\\" \\"A Hard Rain's Gonna Fall,\\" \\"Masters of War,\\" and \\"Girl of the North Country,\\" quickly established Dylan as the premier songwriter for the social conscious of the early 1960s, a role Dylan would quickly move away from (just listen to the mid 1960s trilogy of BRINGING IT ALL BACK HOME, HIGHWAY 61 REVISITED, and BLONDE ON BLONDE to see how far he left this stuff behind).  However, Dylan would never cease to be the premier songwriter of rock and roll, and he is still regarded as the poet laureate of this genre.  AMG ranks this as the single most important song collection released in the 1960s.  While he did go radically reinvent himself, Dylan never sounded better here, and while he may have come up with music as good as the songs on this album he never made one that surpassed it.  We also get the really mean Dylan with \\"Don't Think Twice,\\" though he tells the lover off in such a way as to guise how mean it really is.  This album produced many of his most important compositions and signature songs.<br />The central problem with protest albums is they have a tendency to become dated and awkward, but not here.  These songs sound just as glorious as when they were first released.  Where THE FREEWHEELIN' BOB DYLAN does sound dated, this effect actually enhances the album, especially on the last cut of the album where he is talking to President Kennedy who was alive at the time.  That alone gives the cut an endearing quality.  For the just utterly blah, monotonous routine protest albums can be we go to the next album, THE TIMES THEY ARE A'CHANGIN', and while most of the cuts off that record are certainly worthy additions to the Dylan catalogue (considering the stuff that was being recorded at the time by Dylan, did we really need \\"With God On Our Side,\\") when taken as an entire album THE TIMES wears its listeners out emotionally.  That is one album that desperately needed some light-hearted moments like \\"Eternal Circle\\" or something to break up the monotony.  Sadly, two of the best compositions (\\"Percy's Song\\" and \\"Lay Down Your Weary Tune,\\" both available on BIOGRAPH) were left off.  Dylan does not make that mistake here.  While certainly a protest album, it somehow transcends that and becomes a rather timeless piece of music.  When compared to The Beatles' debut album, the other (much smaller, though to be fair The Beatles were very prolific for only being around seven years) body of work that all mainstream (and other) music is judged by, Dylan had them beat by a long way.<br />For those who are looking for a place to start, this album stands as an excellent introduction to Dylan.  It makes more sense to start at the beginning and travel through his albums one by one to trace his artistic evolution.  As for myself, I made a CD-R with a lot of the cuts that should have been on the album but weren't because of time restraints.  For the new listener, they should also pick up THE BOOTLEG SERIES VOL. 1-3, and should be one of their top five Dylan purchases.  It provides a shadow history of Dylan, and many of his best cuts, including outstanding compositions from this album (most notably \\"Rambling Gambling Willie,\\" \\"Let Me Die In My Footsteps,\\" and \\"Talking Bear Mountain,\\") were, sadly and inexplicitly, left off...<br />Bottom line: Essential 1960s music.  For those young ones out there, the generation previous has some excellent music being wrought in their era...  From the looks of the current music scene, we'll never get another poet like Dylan.  Right now, it looks like we won't even get passable music. What happened?????
B000002KHH|5.0|O.k first of all you can't call yourself a true metalhead unless you own this fondation of all things metal! ...Paranoid is one of the best, if not the best classic metal album  out there. every thing you love to listen to today is a result of black sabbath .it's great the whole album rocks so if you don't own it do yourself a favor and get it! ...anyway I'm reviewing Paranoid but anything with the original line up is a sound buy black Sabbath you can't go wrong buy it! you won't regret it...
0446677450|4.0|I bought this book for two reasons. 1) It was a best seller so I figured it must be good.  2) Because I'm wanting to teach financial wisdom to my own children.<br />It didn't turn out to have much practical information to help me teach my own children, but it did have some good motivation.  As an educated worker (that would equate me to &quot;poor dad&quot;) caught in the rat race of life, I was motivated by this book to develop my own &quot;financial intelligence&quot; (which is a point he emphasizes over and over in the book).  <br />His basic premise is that the vast majority of people have no training in financial management and never really develop any &quot;financial intelligence&quot;.  They get an education, find a job, take out a mortgage, have kids, save for college, and hopefully end up retiring at 65 with just enough to keep their heads above water.  But few people really utilize their potential for acquiring wealth.  <br />He emphasizes the need to have assets (which he defines as anything that generates income without requiring a lot of labor time - this excludes your home mortgage).  The more assets one aquires throughout their life, the more income generating capacity they have.  This is so obvious it shouldn't need to be written, but few people ever takes steps in this direction. While the book didn't have a lot of practicle &quot;do this to get rich&quot; type examples, it did cover important principles and was quite motivational.  <br />I'd recommend this book for anyone that wants to start developing &quot;financial intelligence&quot; and work toward getting out of the rat race.
0446677450|5.0|Yeah, so he's a really annoying kind of guy but reading this book gave me a slap upside the head. People get fooled and pick this up as a get-rich-quick book but once you've read it, your thoughts about money have very probably changed.<br />A lot of the critics miss the point. Yes, it's obvious - once someone points it out. Yes, not everyone can make money in real estate the way he did but he does point out that these are just examples and he can only give examples from his own experience and the reader's experience will differ. Yes, it doesn't tell you how to make yourself rich.<br />Remember that anyone who has any surplus money to put aside (even if it's just a dollar a week) can start down the path. The whole middle class can afford to do that. If they can't, they need to put themselves in a position that they can do that. Downsize the family home, cut up the credit cards, sell the second car and buy a bicycle, whatever it takes.<br />This book is a starting point, not the handbook. Only you know what assets you have, skills you have, opportunities you have and what liabilities you can lose.<br />As for children, my son's pocket money was just spending money but now its purpose is for me to teach him financial literacy.
B000003S0Z|5.0|I have been listening to Eno for about 15 years.  This is one album that never fails to relax and/or completely inspire me.  It has always impressed new Eno explorers that I've recommended it to as well.<br />I know that out of his 70's solo albums, the most written about is Another Green World, which is also fantastic.  But there is something about Before and After Science that has more of a timeless feel.  You can hear the inspiration this album gave many artists throughout the last 2 decades.  The first half is sonically twisted rock while the second half relies heavily on ambient soundscapes.  Both to excellent results.<br />I really have no words to express the beauty that is wrapped in this album-  &quot;Spider &amp; I&quot; and &quot;By This River&quot; are two of the best songs Eno has ever done, musically and lyrically.  I strongly suggest to anyone having an interest in Eno's early work to check this album out.  It comes from his glam rock past and points toward his ambient future.<br />An incredible introduction to Eno's solo work and the work he does with so many different artists.
0887306667|3.0|If you haven't yet read anything by Ries and Trout, this could be a five star book.  In and of itself, it's a solid book, chock full of uncommon, common sense marketing approaches.<br />If, on the other hand you've read &quot;Positioning&quot; or &quot;Focus&quot; (Both Superb!) you will have just purchased that which you already have.  Reading something by Reis/Trout is an absolute must; they are simply brilliant when it comes to defining, and illustrating, and writing about critical marketing principles.<br />If you've got the time, read &quot;Positioning&quot; and &quot;Focus&quot;.  If you'd prefer a Cliffs Notes of those two, &quot;The 22 Immutable Laws of Marketing&quot; will fit the bill.
B000050IL0|5.0|...frankly, I never appreciated G. Gould until I saw this.  You will never see anyone play like this again.  Forget his eccentricities, forget the oddness of watching him perform in a recording studio, etc.  Just witness the depth of the man's involvement in this music, and his extraordinary technique.  Oh, yes, and don't forget to pick your jaw up off the floor when you are done.
B000005B0U|5.0|Saw the B Brothers 2000 Video.  WoW...It's a buyer for sure! And had to go buy the CD Soundtrack..... It's a Slammer. Music is Awesome...All the &quot;old folks&quot; from 1st video are here and many more surprises for sure. Man oh Man, do they rock!  If you want to get jamming and dancing and have a blast  BUY THIS CD... you wont regret it. I have already burned 6 copies for friends.  Dont wait...get it. You wont be sorry..Buy the Video also... Best yet.  GO ELWOOD..
B00004XOWM|2.0|All of Bizkit's long time fans know how great $3 bill was. After Sig Other, a few were turned off by a less angry band that made it on TRL. I for one saw it a an evolution, because the anger and honesty was still there. Fred was rapping and singing about bitterness, ex-girlfriends, lost money, distrust, and life basicaly stinking in general.<br />Now Fred raps about &quot;Limp Bizkit's in da house&quot;, &quot;don't get in our way or we'll knock you out, punk&quot;, &quot;f___ this, f___ that, f___ Nine inch Nails, etc.&quot;, &quot;its my way or the highway&quot;, &quot;keep Rollin', Rollin', Rollin'&quot;...and so on.<br />Fred has lost his fire, and now he's a gangsta wanna-be. The music itself is decent, but too similar to Sig Other. &quot;Take a look around&quot; seems to be the only decent track, and its just a cover of the Mission Impossible theme. &quot;Rollin'&quot; has been so overplayed, the only place it sounds good is when its played as the enterance theme for the WWF's Undertaker. Half of the album is made of cheesy rap-rock anthems, and the other half is made of &quot;Re-arranged&quot; rehashes.<br />Limp Bizkit used to be angry, and now they're just making music as excuses to party with the TRL crowd. Fred said they'll have a new album soon that's going to be heavier, so he'd better not dissapoint.
0071359168|5.0|Technology changes constantly; people, and the way the mind works remain pretty much the same. This book is every bit as valuable in the &quot;New Economy&quot; hoopla, as it was before the net exploded onto the scene, maybe more so.  As the amount of advertising explodes in every media outlet, (s)he without a positioning strategy is increasingly lost in the crowd.<br />Positioning is simply cutting through the immense amount of &quot;noise&quot; in the advertising and marketing world with a clear, concise, SIMPLE, message that occupies a place in the mind of the consumer. Positioning requires a focus; the brand, company or person who tries to stand for, and cover everything ends up representing nothing. <br />Examples abound in &quot;Positioning&quot; of companies that have utilized positioning to attain and maintain leadership and business success, as well as multimillion-dollar write-offs caused by brand dilution. <br />Within the book, you'll find chapters on choosing (brand) names, the decision to extend a brand or to not, repositioning other products to carve out your own niche, and how this applies to your company, its' products and even your career. <br />You can't afford not to buy this book!
B00001P4RI|4.0|When Dead Can Dance's live album, Toward the Within, was released, I was excited by the direction in which Brendan Perry was moving with some of his work.  There was a new, more down-to-earth quality about some songs, like &quot;American Dreaming,&quot; produced without the occasionally shrill input of Lisa Gerrard.  Unfortunately, Spiritchaser was Dead Can Dance's followup.  I anxiously awaited the refinement of that musical wandering.  When I picked up Eye of the Hunter, I had what I needed...almost.  I can appreciate Perry's longing to deal with existential issues in unique settings, as in &quot;Medusa.&quot;  However, sometimes his mythological bent makes it sound like recording sessions were crammed between rounds of Dungeons and Dragons.  That said, I actually dug the more traditional tunes, such as &quot;Saturday's Child&quot; and &quot;I Must Have Been Blind.&quot;  It was a relief to hear reaffirmation that Perry is not a one-trick Druid's pony.  The best vibe on the album is the road-movie gloom of &quot;Death Will Be My Bride,&quot; which must have made Nick Cave VERY jealous.  Every song, of course, is topped with Perry's finely tuned baritone, (which he credits to his mom's Frank Sinatra collection).  My biggest wish was for a bit more dynamism and motion in the material.  We know from the most boisterous DCD work how big Perry can make music.  However, if he broke a sweat while doing this album, it was from concentrating on its sonic perfection and complex imagery.
B00005ASQ1|5.0|One of the goals of the screenwriter and director is to evoke emotions from the viewer, and a good movie goes so far, as the late syndicated columnist Darrell Sifford once described to me,  as to &quot;milk the human tear duct.&quot;<br />But finding Forrester went further. It brought out an emotional experience which was possibly new to me, and that is an extraordinary experience.<br />It was enough to start off with a cast including Sean Connery, Anna Paquin, F. Murray Abraham,  Busta Rhymes, and a surprise, but un-named Oscar winner. And, as a writer, I was hoping, having seen the trailers, that this would be a good story. I had no idea it would lift me to new heights.<br />The new fresh blood in the movie is first time actor, Rob Brown, a native of Harlem, who, is the youthful half of the Young Genius, Mentor Genius relationship, around which the story revolves.  I am one movie goer who enjoys a good tear-jerker. Movies which artfully and intelligently, lightly and subtely touch the heart are special works of magic. It was no small wonder to discover, within myself,  as this precious movie  was gradually unfolding, that my lower lip started to quiver. I tried to stop it, and then, like a light bulb, illuminating a dark room, only to discover myself in a museum with a never before seen masterpiece, I realized this quivering lip was beyond tear drops, beyond the moist eye most good scripts evoke. I touched my fingertip to my quivering lip. Little babies and toddlers lips quiver.  I smiled, and pointed my attention back to the screen, letting the script do its magic. And more magic it did!<br />Finding Forrester is an extraordinary film which blends rap with classical literature,  basketball and baseball and racism and pedantism into a STORY which builds into a masterpiece which, at some point, begins to go beyond &quot;milking the human tear duct,&quot; to playing whole symphonies on your heartstrings.<br />While it is rated PG,  primarily because of a few choice words, it is overall a good movie for that hard to satisfy 9-13 year old group. My 10 year old gave an unqualified &quot;good&quot; rating, which, considering he generally describes even his favorites as &quot;okay&quot;, is a dramatic endorsement. So did my 17 year old, who usually just flat out refuses to go to see any movie.words, it is overall a good movie for that hard to satisfy 9-13 year old group. My 10 year old gave an unqualified &quot;good&quot; rating, which, considering he generally describes even his favorites as &quot;okay&quot;, is a dramatic endorsement. So did my 17 year old, who usually just flat out refuses to go to see any movie.
B00004R7AP|5.0|If you're a Corrs fan, this video is totally 100% for you. I'm possibly one of the biggest Corrs fans on this planet. I practically worship the four of them. I just adore them, and when I saw this video, it made me love them so much more. It is SUCH a fantastic video. The band is relaxed, they look fantastic, their performance is brilliant, and they're hilarious! Jim makes a joke about Caroline's mistake on &quot;Runaway&quot;, Andrea shoots her big big smile every 2 minutes, and they truly look like they're having a good time. It is brilliant. Amazingly brilliant. YOU HAVE TO GET THIS VIDEO! I will tell you, it is worth every penny that you pay!
B00003652R|5.0|This Marillion album is one of the very best! It changed my life in 85 and really re-inspired me back into the pure progressive rock that I grew up with, but temporarily strayed away from during the punk/new wave era. The lyrics are fantastic and Fish really sent the message home.
0385495323|5.0|The Code Book by Simon Singh<br />This is a fascinating journey through the history of cryptography and a book that every intelligent individual interested in the topic should read and have on the shelf for reference. It is for every person who has been curious or concerned about individual privacy and the security of transactions on the internet.<br />Simon Singh tells the story of cryptography and how it influenced the outcome of history, with vivid examples. Had Mary Queen of Scots been aware that her \\"secret coded\\" letters had been actually deciphered and read by her jailers, she might have been spared the guillotine. From deciphering the Egyptian hieroglyphics with the aid of the Rosetta Stone, through cracking the German Enigma and the story of the Navajo Code Talkers and up to the use of sophisticated \\"unbreakable\\" encoding used in modern communications and over the internet, this is one fascinating story. <br />Dr. Singh doesn't stop at telling interesting historical anecdotes. He actually explains and demonstrates what cryptography is with real examples of codes and ciphers and challenges the reader more than once to find the keys to such codes.<br />Finally, Simon Singh leaps into the future when Quantum Computers will be able to break any existing code known today and concludes that: <br />\\"A quantum computer would jeopardize the stability of the world. Whichever country gets there first will have the ability to monitor the communication of its citizens, read the minds of its commercial rivals and eavesdrop on the plans of its enemies. Although it is still in its infancy, quantum computing presents a potential threat to the individual, to international business and to global security.\\"<br />Whether you are fascinated by codes and cryptography or you are worried about your latest purchase online, this book will be of great interest to all.
B00005J6UP|5.0|Living in the real life town where the Goonies was filmed, is especially enjoyable for my kids and I as we watch the goonies.....I have great memories of the excitement and mystery of the film when it was being shot here.  The Story to me is as facinating now as it was back then, and my kids share that facination and we are headed out to get the DVD.  We are especially looking forward to any of the behind the scene shots that are included in this revision of our favorite Movie ...
B00004U2NX|4.0|This series, unlike the other remakes of Count Dracula, is my favorite.  Nosferatu is a lot scarier like this.  He has long claws, a pale, bald head and pointed ears.   I especially like the part in this movie where Nosferatu/Dracula has Jonathan Harker cornered.  There's one thing I am a little puzzled with.  In the original &quot;Nosferatu&quot;, Harker's wife's name was Nina, but in this one his wife is Lucy.  And Westenra's wife is Nina.  The wives varied, and the town name went from Bremen to Wismar.  Otherwise the plot and story are pretty much the same.  Oh yeah, there's one other thing different, at the end, Harker becomes a vampire (after being bitten numerous times by Dracula) and is not struck down by sunlight.  I'd say the M.P.A.A. has good meaning to rate this movie PG but I would have to give it a PG-13 because of some of the frightening images, and there is some grossness in the movie, too.  As well as partial nudity.  Altogether, there are some varies in the movie, but it's good.
0446677450|5.0|I am a college student about to graduate and in the five years I spent in school not once was I taught the neccessary methods or practices needed to be successful and get out of the &quot;rat race&quot;.  This book opened my eyes and excited me to the world of buisness.  I wish that I had read it in high school! I could not put it down.
0380788624|5.0|while heavily referencing gravity's rainbow, Stephenson does a brilliant job of creating an engaging story.
B000053V7Q|5.0|This is a MASTERPIECE.  For anyone who didn't get to see Elvis in person, this is about the best representation of a live performance that you can get (well, this and &quot;Aloha&quot; are pretty even in my book!)  This DVD shows the fun that Elvis had in the studio with his bandmates and singers.  It shows what a great talent and arranger Elvis was.  I don't think he was given enough credit for his musical expertise.  Just watching him come up with what he wanted his background singers to sing and what he wanted the musicians to play is fascinating!  I think one of the best part of Elvis's live performances, other than Elvis himself, was the TCB band, orchestra, singers, and the arrangements of the songs.  Elvis will ALWAYS be King.  There will never be another performer like him, EVER.  I highly recommend this.  If you are NOT an Elvis fan, you will by the time you get 10 minutes into this.  Enjoy!!!
0385335482|3.0|I have to admit that when I first began reading this book I thought I would enjoy it immensely.  Unfortunately, as the story progressed, it soon turned into yet another literary clone (I did like this book the first time I read it... when it was titled &quot;Bridget Jones's Diary&quot;).  This story, however, is merely a knock off.  The &quot;leading man&quot; is nothing more than a Mark Darcy clone (handsome, rich, successful, at first scornful, then loving, etc.) and the supporting cast flighty (if not altogether unnecessary... what WAS the point of her roommate's second cousin... who shows up in one scene, says nothing, and is never mentioned again?) Although I enjoyed the neurosis of the shopping stories and especially Becky's humorous attempt at secondary employment, the ending, proved to be disappointingly formulatic and tremendously unrealistic, with the ensuing romance seeming unlikely and forced.  Overall, a very disappointing book.
B00003CXPD|2.0|This film is, largely speaking, nothing more than a limpid piece of sh*t. Sorry, all you people who found it &quot;inspiring&quot; etc., but to me some of the scenes were so corny I could barely watch. The scene where Billy is afraid to answer the panel, then, upon leaving, he is asked &quot;How do you feel when you dance?&quot; I could feel it, I was thinking 'please don't do it Billy, don't launch into cheesy sentimental crap'. But his response was worse than I had imagined.  &quot;I feel free...like a bird...I can spread my wings and fly.&quot; NO!! There is only so much tacky sentimentality you can take, (not much) and this film takes it much much too far. The sentiment may be all lovely and nice, but try to express it in a way which doesn't make me sink into my shoes with embarrassment. The reason I have given it 2 stars is that I thought the sub-plot (the miners' strike) was rather powerful and touching at times (Billy's dad in despair at the pit after crossing the picket line was genuinely moving) but this story was far too much in the background for me. Too much of the corny trash. Sorry. Not good. Watch the Shawshank Redemption for a truly inspiring tale of hope.
B000002UB3|5.0|The '60s pretty much belonged to the Beatles.  They took us by storm in '63 and by the end of the decade, they were finished as a working band.  In retrospect, we know that trouble started in August '67 when Brian Epstein died; it just took some time to truly manifest.  The White Album was carried by the strength of both their songwriting and their legacy.  They stumbled and nearly fell with the Get Back project, but somehow came together to work on one more project.  That project became Abbey Road.    Abbey Road was more a compromise than a reconciliation.  Lennon was still fighting heroin addiction, Yoko was still constantly at his side, he was still pulling out songs he had written a full year before.  Harrison was still miffed at both Paul and John concerning their superior attitude towards him.  Ringo was still....Ringo.  But George Martin was back in the producer's chair, strongly asserting that he would work with them again only if it could be as it was....<br />That didn't quite happen, but it is evident that in some ways, the Beatles worked as before, at least, the way they had worked since Sergeant Pepper....lot's of overdubbing, McCartney leading the way musically and Martin having a lot of say in the arrangements.  Their songwriting was still at a peak, each having learned something from the others.  In that it features compositions from each of the Beatles, Abbey Road is amazing in its seamlessness.  Harrison's and Starr's songs blend effortlessly with Lennon &amp; McCartney's.  Abbey Road was as unified as the White Album was diverse, which is each album's strength.  Not that the songwriting on Abbey Road wasn't eclectic, just that the way it was sequenced and produced made it all stick together like glue, even the songs on 'side 1'.<br />A word about the production.  From their first recordings, the Beatles were perhaps one of the most &quot;musical&quot; groups of the 20th century.  And George Martin was the perfect producer for them.  He brought theright combination of musical training, musical ear and sense of play to the sessions.  But, until Abbey Road, he was always working with equipment that was not quite state of the art.  Don't get me wrong, Abbey Road (the studio) had excellent equipment, it was just that it was always about 5 or 6 years behind time, and the Beatles were always wanting and trying things that were years ahead of their time.  Many times the engineers were forced to innovate and experiment in order to placate Beatle whims.  With Abbey Road (the album), Martin finally had the chance to work with a fine quality 8-track recorder and other updated equipment.  Suddenly, he could record the Beatles as he always wanted to, preserving the fidelity and dynamic range while affording them seemingly unlimited overdubbing capabilities.  The Beatles, for their part, took great advantage of this, and I think it probably stimulated them.  Drums could now be recorded in stereo; the bass could be given an incredible bottom, guitars could ring with bell-like authority.  The spaciousness and dynamic range of Abbey Road is unequalled in any other Beatle album, and I think it's reflected in the sublime arrangements that benefit each and every song.  Whether you actually like Octopus' Garden or not, you have to admit that everything about the song is sublime - Ringo's matchless drumming, Lennon's fingerpicked electric rhythm guitar arrangement, Harrison's inspired lead playing, McCartney's incredible bass playing and the luscious background vocals.  The Beatles turn a humble Ringo song into a beautifully constructed piece of music.  And that's the truth.<br />Maybe they didn't have the close comradery that they had in the Rubber Soul/Revolver era, but they had an unerring sense of tasteful arranging on this album, each turning in some of the finest playing of their career.  Just listen to John, Paul and George trade guitar riffs on The End tell me that they'd lost their passion for playing together.  Also, aclose listen will confirm that those glorious Beatle backround harmonies appear more often than any album since Sergeant Pepper, but now recorded in breathtakingly beautiful style.<br />Though each Beatle album has something special to offer, and their level of songwriting on Rubber Soul and, particularly, Revolver, remains unmatched, Abbey Road is my favorite Beatles album, and the reason is simple.  It is their most Musical album.  It is their best sounding album.  It is a good thing they didn't have to follow it up, because I don't think they could have.
B000001E7T|5.0|Stunning album.  Deep, dark and complex.  Still a favorite years later.  You won't be disappointed.
B000002LKU|5.0|Mark Knopfler's beautifully restrained guitar sketches send this traditionalist/blues/folk album over the top to a must have cd. This is a cd that you come back to and it stays in rotation for awhile, but each time you come back to it, you wonder why you haven't listened to it for some time. It is a beautiful Sunday morning,late night working background, candlelight dinner music (ie, anytime is the right time for Notting Hillbillies).Knopfler doesn't sing on every song, but his voice and guitar are what ties the traditional songs together to form a complete musical atmosphere. Go missing, and have a good time listening to this understated, smooth masterpiece.
0790736039|5.0|have you read the book because if you havnt good because if you see the film first you will see it as it is and that is a fantastic film but when you read the book it is even more brilliant. The film is excellent but if you have read the book first then you will be dissapointed at its mundane approach towards the exciting and intriging book. Never the less watch this film and while you watch it take in every little detail because even if you blink you will miss a part of one of the best films EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B000002N3J|5.0|I abslutely love this album. I bought it for &quot;Oh Father&quot;,but there are many other gems besides it. For instance,the #1 ballad &quot;Take A Bow&quot; (and one of Madonna's best) Also,the gorgeous but less known &quot;This Used To Be My Playground&quot; and another #1 ballad from the mid-80's &quot;Crazy For You&quot; which was probably her first song to really show off her beautiful voice. &quot;You'll See&quot; is another gem with its heartbreaking lyrics that many of us can relate too. And we can't forget &quot;Rain.&quot; It was probably lost in the &quot;Erotica&quot; scandel so I'm happy she released it on here. The way she blends her vocals and her wonderful low notes really make the whole song. An finally,&quot;Of Father.&quot; Probably one of the best if not THE best ballad Madonna has ever recorded. Listen to the lyrics. Its very heartbreaking.<br />So,this is a must for any Madonna fan,but even if you're not and are just a sucker for a good ballad,you can't go wrong with this!
B000003RCY|5.0|In my opinion the best Rammstein album (although it is a tight one) out of the three albums to date (not including Live Aus Berlin). Songs like 'Wolt Ihr Das Bett In Flammen Sehen', 'Der Meister' and 'Weisses Fleish' add a head banging, hard rock aspect to the album while in direct contrast the song 'Seeman' shows that Rammstein have a quiter side. The best thing about this album is that 'every' song is of a high standard, something that the numerous american boy/girl band community could take note of. If you are looking to buy your first Rammstein album, bear in mind that this is their 'hardest' album as in the strong guitar sets and fast tempo certainly overhaul the keybord/synthesizer aspect of other albums, but it is certainly a brilliant bit of work. The song 'Rammstein' is awesome (and even better live).
B000002UJQ|5.0|My name is connor. I am a 14 year old kid from Alberta, Canada and i'm not just some dumb canadian kid. Before I listened to ok computer I was all over the place musically and I had no sense of good music, but after ok computer things have changed... This masterpiece of an album really sets the bar for any album in the next 20 years. It has been compared to great Pink Floyd albums but it's really clear who has the better album. This is the kind of music kids should be listening to because it makes them think about the world around the instead of just listening to Limp Bizkit and thinking how they tell you to think.  Thom Yorke takes vocals to the next level screaming out \\"In an intastela burst, I am back to save the universe.\\" While picking away on his guitar. Jonny Greenwood does it all playing guitars, piano, and even synthesizer demonstrating his multiple talents. Finally a great band his here that brings everything to the table  and never quits. Radiohead doesn't fit in a box and they are one  of the only true artists out there, but the best part is the fact that there is no one out there quite like radiohead. Radiohead is an anti machinery anti commercialism band who has come a long way from Pablo Honey released in the early nineties. The best tracks in order of apperance are...<br />#1 (on cd) Airbag. The amazement of being saved by something mechanic, singing \\"In a fast German car i'm amazed that I survive, an airbag saved my life.\\"<br />#2 Paranoid Android. Long song with many tempo changes. Strange lyrics.<br />#4 (personal favourite) Exit Music. A confrontational love song sporting the best line of the album \\"We hope that you choke\\"<br />#6 Karma Police. Slower song with nice piano throughout.<br />#8 Climbing up the Walls. Muffled lyrics. Haunting song.<br />#9 No surprises. A soft lullaby like song showing the bands sensitive side.<br />So there you have it,maybe the greatest album of all time (and don't worry i have listened to the older albums said tobe the graetest). Listening to it  makes you want to shake your violently and belt out the lyrics like Thom Yorke does during the live shows. This is a must for anyone who likes great music. So stop watching M.T.V. and go listen to the greatest band ever, Radiohead! And if you don't believe me read the other reviews. this is for my sister Rhianna, who got me into Radiohead.
B00005AAFS|5.0|Mutter is the the much awaited 4th album release from Rammstein and once again they do not dissapoint. In this album, Rammstein have introduced a saprano singer and a whole orchestra to show that they have an extremely wide range of sound to give, a sound that has been expanding rapidly since thier first album 'Herzeleid'. Apart from the normal hard/strong guitar dominated songs like 'Links 2 3 4', 'Zwitter' and 'Rein Raus', they have 2 slow songs in this album 'Nebel' and 'Mutter'. The song 'Adios' seems to be a more American sounding song perhaps showing that Rammstein are looking to widen their horizons a tad. 'Ich Will' is a song made with the fans in mind and will go off in concert! 'Zwitter' and 'Sonne' are two songs worth the purchase alone. All in all Rammstein, flirt with numerous sounds in this album but still manage to keep there core theme throughout making it an awesome album for anyone.
B00003CXE6|4.0|Gladiator seems to be Hollywood's revenge of the small, more literary and intellectual movies which have garnered praise over the years (Miramax, anyone).  It's a big-budget, no-holds-barred action thriller which delivers the action and the quality that makes it a much better production that alot of what has come out of the mill over the years.  This is a well-made and well-acted movie- history is turned upside down (the emperor does survive his sister's palace coup in reality) but then again what's new in these kinds of movies.  As far as the genre goes, Gladiator is a cut above the rest- and the cinematography is spectacular. The feel and the plot are vintage Roman epic but the visual production is unmistakeably modern-day.  Gladiator is alot of fun and is great entertainment, however, i'm still baffled as to why this got the Best Picture Oscar and Quills wasn't even among the nominees.  Also, Joaquin Phoenix did a much better job than Russell Crowe- who himself didn't act shabbily.
B0000057C5|5.0|An album jam packed full of wicked songs, 'Sehnsucht' is a whole lot different to their last album release 'Herzeleid'. Sehnsucht introduces a new industrial/techno/dance sound, pushing away a little from the hard sound of their previous release. This dancier sound is particularly prominent in their smash hit 'Du Hast', perhaps their most famous and recognisable song and my all time fav. Other songs like 'Engel', 'Alter Mann' and 'Klavier' have a more softer, refined sound and complement the harder songs like 'Teir', 'Sehnsucht', 'Buch Dich' and 'Asche zu Asche'. 'Speil Mit Mir' adds a different dimension to this album much in the same way the song 'Rammstein' does for the album Herzeleid in that it has a slower, stronger theme that would not be good for listening in a big haunted house on a stormy night! For me, the only blemish that I can find in this album is that the last few songs are a bit disjointed from the first set but this is minor as they a good songs in their own right. Rammstein even sing in english for one song ('Stripped') so that is definitly worth the purchase alone! Overall, another awesome realese and if you like 'Du Hast', you will love the song 'Engel'!
B000003TAW|5.0|This album is nothing short of a classic. I have seen my friends' reactions the first times they heard this album and they are lit up with joy and are quickly buying it themselves. Even friends who don't (didn't) listen to music. Do your life a favor, WAKE UP, and buy this album.
B00003CXWV|4.0|When I saw the trailer, I expected the film to track off course in the beauties that linger in the drug world (excessive sex, money, fame &amp; future). Having read the book by Bruce Porter* (higly recommended), I was disappointed how it didn't dive into the inner workings of the drug world. It kind of tapped along the edges and sometimes threw a little stereo-typical outlook on these illegal workings. However, the movie was extremely strong on ethics and morals. Johnny Depp gives a great performance while Ray Liotta swallowed the scenes with his stoic character. Penelope Cruz didn't and never has impressed me much. With her consistent portrayal of an average &quot;Latina-chick&quot; she has yet to crack through the envelope of being more than a person with an accent. She has yet to take scenes and have a presense. But she didn't ruin the movie by any means and for that the movie holds a pretty credible foundation. Now, The book didn't go deep enough into George Jung's feelings on matters. As for Demme's film, I do not know if his feelings are accurate, or just an artificially Hollywood-created personality  but by the end I kind of felt sorry for him. Regardless of the drugs and deaths involved. And regardless to the drug wave that he helped sweep into this country. The movie, when all else is peeled and analyzed portrays a business man trying to support his family; trying to desperately fight off his father's predicament and he would've succeeded if he just knew when to quit.
0679879269|3.0|It may have been the time period between the second book and when the third got published.  I found this trilogy better than most fantasy out there today, though it seemed to flounder and become confused as if the author was not sure how to end it or come to a climax.  There are also parts where new qualities or features that turn up anew in this novel are explained away with a single sentence, leaving a contrived feeling sometimes.  All said, I would recommend it for the fantasy reader out there....but maybe from the library.
