B00004WIDQ|5.0|JURASSIC PARK is the story of four adults and two children who embark on an unforgettable adventure, by taking a tour through John Hammond's (Richard Attenborough) mysterious park- JURASSIC PARK featuring real life dinosaurs!  But after a scientist in the control room of JURASSIC PARK shuts down all the systems, and is killed, JURASSIC PARK is unable to get back online- meaning all the dinosaurs are free to come and go as they please!  After the people are caught in a big storm, and the cars stop rolling, the dinosaurs start hunting!  Watch out for one of the biggest blockbusters that took imagination further than ever- JURASSIC PARK!<br />MY REVIEW:<br />&quot;An instant Spielberg classic, siding with E.T., JAWS, CLOSE ENCOUNTERS OF THE 3RD KIND, SCHINDLER'S LIST and SAVING PRIVATE RYAN.  JURASSIC PARK is one of the greatest movies ever made!  The dinosaurs are so real in this film!  The acting is perfect, the story couldn't be better, the directing is superb- the movie is just a major classic that will live on forever!  It surprises me that anyone hasn't seen this movie yet, but if you haven't, you are really missing out on an amazing movie!  Pick up the DVD today!  (Thank God for a FULL SCREEN version!)  Jurassic Park rocks!&quot;- MJV &amp; the Movies
B00003CXDZ|5.0|I aboslutely lovet his movie!!! I have seen it twice and my friend has seen it 3 times. This is such a great movie! The idea of modern music/old setting is so great; they should make more movies like this. The movie had great acting, marvelous costumes, eye-catching sets, and the singing was spectacular spectacular (hahaha). ok, so Nicole Kidman's voice may be a little thin, but it doesn't matter because she does such a grea tjob of acting that she makes up for it. Ok, now to obsess over Ewan McGregor. (I could go on for a lot more than 1000 words on this subject.) He is the hottest guy in this movie. He portrays the nicest guy in this movie and his acting is superb. And his singing--this will take a while to expalin considering that there is no way to fully extole his virtues while writing in the English language. He has the greatest voice; it doesn't sound over-trained (that may not make sense to others but it makes sense to me and I think it is a word), it is so steady and doesn't waver all over the place, and the emotion that is overflowing in his voice is amazing. I LOVE THIS MOVIE! (and Ewan McGregor)
B00003CXE7|5.0|GLADIATOR is the story of General Maximus (Russell Crowe), who is forced into slavery by the evil hearted Commadeus (Jauquin Phoenix). After escaping captivity, Maximus joins the Gladiators of Rome, and becomes an undefeated champion, awaiting his revenge upon the Emperor, for the murder of his family.<br />MY REVIEW:<br />&quot;This movie is powerful and emotional, is action packed, and is a true epic with great story telling. Russell Crowe earned his BEST ACTOR oscar well. This is a real career turn-around for him. GLADIATOR won BEST PICTURE of 2000, and it deserves it! The movie has great special effects (which it won an Academy Award for)and marvelous battles! The music is the best part! Hans Zimmer is top notch at his music which really sets the tone for this film! This movie deserves far more than all five stars! See GLADIATOR, as being the BEST MOVIE of 2000! Films don't usually get this good! We finall have a BEST PICTURE that is worthy of the oscar! THE ENGLISH PATIENT, AMERICAN BEAUTY, and SHAKESPEARE IN LOVE- they weren't BEST PICTURES in my book! GLADIATOR rules!&quot;- MJV &amp; the Movies
6305095442|4.0|Being a horror flic lover, I was anxiously awaiting this movie to come to the big screen! The first Evil Dead scared me and I was looking forward to being that way again. Skipped school, hopped on the bus and went to the mall to see the afternoon showing. I left the theatre confused. Where was the scary stuff? why was I laughing instead of being frightened to death? Mr Raimi and co. went for the comedic brilliance that I didn't understand when I was 15, but have grown to enjoy. Effects were amazing for the time and this was the movie where Ash was coming into his own with his character.
B00005221L|5.0|JOHN McTIERNAN, the well known director of DIE HARD, DIE HARD WITH A VENGEANCE and THE HUNT FOR RED OCTOBER brings you one of his earlier awesome projects- PREDATOR!<br />ARNOLD SCHWARZENEGGER plays his best role ever as Dutch Schaefer, leader of an elite force, sent to the South American Jungle to rescue hostages held by guerilla fighters.  But along the mission, Dutch soon discovers that there are no guerillas, but his long time best friend, Dylan (Carl Weathers) is only seeking revenge upon the people that skinned his good friend, Jim Hopper, alive!  After several killings, Dutch and his men start to wonder if what is skinning and killing everyone, one by one, without anyone seeing anything, is actually human...  a predator who is a hunter from another planet, who collects human skulls as trophies...  But this time the alien monster has picked the wrong man to hunt, up against Schwarzenegger, one on one, no guns, in jungle- the better species will win.<br />MY REVIEW:<br />&quot;Awesome!  Action Loaded!  Scarier than ever!  Arnold Schwarzenegger rocks!  The explosive awesome force of the Predator is amazing- especially for its time!  This is the best film ever made!  Check this action thriller out right away!  The plot is original (for its time), the action never lets up, and the chills never stop thrilling!  The predator is an original Action-horror-Sci-Fi extravaganza that rocks the screen!  Buy the DVD right away!  There is so much to say about this movie because it is so great!  It is my favorite movie and is the best one I have seen to date!  Nothing can stop the ultimate shocking villain; not Hannibal Lecter, not the T-1000, not Satan, not the Velociraptor; but the PREDATOR!&quot;-MJV &amp; the Movies
0805047905|5.0|This is the first book we read to my son. He received it for  Christmas when he was 2 months old, and I began reading it to him  about then. At about 4 months, he was paying attention to it. Later,  he enjoyed the animal sound effects we made when we read it to  him. Brown Bear, Brown Bear was his very first favorite book, no  doubt because the illustrations are large and clear, and the text is  repetitive.
B000059TPN|5.0|THE ROCK is the story of General Hummell (Harris) who steals four V-X poison gas rockets, holds his command at Alcatraz Island with 81 hostages, and threatens the government, that he will launch them to San Francisco if his demands aren't met.  Now ex-Alcatraz escapee (Connery) leads an army headed by Commander Anderson (Michael Biehn) and an F.B.I. Chemical Weapons expert (Nicolas Cage) into THE ROCK.<br />MY REVIEW:<br />&quot;This is one of my top favorite movies!  THE ROCK is one of the coolest action movies around! Film making team MICHAEL BAY and JERRY BRUCKHEIMER make the best movies including: ARMAGEDDON and PEARL HARBOR!  Nicolas Cage is awesome, and is hilarious as well as Sean Connery!  This movie deserved BEST PICTURE in '96 at the Academy Awards!  BOTTOM LINE: This movie is superb!  It is a non-stop action packed thrill ride of sheer adventure- one of the biggest actioners ever made- if you liked Nicolas Cage in GONE IN 60 SECONDS, FACE/OFF and CON AIR, and if you liked SEAN CONNERY as James Bond- then you will love THE ROCK- especially if you're a big-time action fan!  See this movie ASAP!  It is awesome&quot;- MJV &amp; the Movies
B00000INEX|5.0|Both my children have loved these videos (Baby Bach, Mozart, etc.) since they were about 5 months old. The continued to enjoy them until they were past 2 years. Baby Bach features toys doing what they do (whirling, spinning, rolling) set to Bach music orchestrated for little ears. There's nothing babies love better than watching other babies, and Baby Bach delivers by showing footage of babies and children playing and singing in between the toy performances. Some of my kids' favorites in Baby Bach: the robots, colored blobs floating around in water, and of course, puppets that surprise without frightening.
B000059XYL|4.0|While it is true that Coyote Ugly may seem like the female version of Cocktail, it's refreshing that Bruckheimer decides to come down from the action packed flicks he is so used to making.  Here, we see newcomer Adam Piper Perabo who plays Violet (Jersey).  She is new to the city life from a small place and is quickly taken into the nightlife of the famous NYC bar, &quot;Coyote Ugly&quot;.  It's all entertainment and fun from there on.  Aussie Adam Garcia also joins the cast as her love interest with a very nice character buildup.  All in all, it's great to watch with one kick-butt soundtrack to go with it.  Way to go Girls!  The one downfall was the over promotion of the model, yra Banks who is only in the movie for 15 minutes.
0451169514|4.0|Stephen King weaves a fantastic tale of friendships, promises kept, and above all else, the horror of an unknown creature preying upon the children of Derry, Maine. Seven of them who have experienced the terror and lived to tell about it have bonded to form a group that would stick together no matter what. Even after &quot;It&quot; had stopped its reign of murder, the seven promised to return if &quot;It&quot; should ever start killing again. As adults, they remember the details of their childhoods and what they must do to stop &quot;It&quot; once and for all. Incredibly vivid, imaginative, and well thought out, this remains one of Stephen King's best novels. It's also one of his scariest. If you have a fear of clowns, this is not the book for you. Otherwise, you'll be captivated by the story. One final note: this is not light reading. This book is over 1,000 pages long, and you must have the time, the patience, and the dedication to get through it all.
B00000JY1X|5.0|If we don't hurry up this won't be the 69th review of 69 Love Songs.  &quot;The Book of Love&quot; is a crushingly beautiful song, a song for the ages.
B000059XUI|3.0|Richard Donner, the director of STM, shot both STM and SII at the same time, and it was supposed to be released just one year after STM. But sadly, director Richard Donner was fired because of arguements between the producers(Alexander and Ilya Salkind), and wasn't able to finish SII. Nobody never knew what happend between the director and the producers, and it still remains a mystery. Rumors say that the producer, Alexander and Ilya Salkind, was holding Richard Donner under a lot of preasure, and that made him very angry and frustrated.<br />After the firing of Donner, the producers hired director Richard Lester to finish SII. They were not able to get Gene Hackman, Marlon Brando or Ned Beatty back to finish, so alot of the scenes required a stand in, or dubbing of Hackmans voice. Even Marlon Brando's hand in the opening credits had to be re-shot with a different actor, because Marlon Brando demanded more money if they used any footage of him.<br />Lester put alot of Slapstick comedy into SII, and it almost became what SIII became. If it haden't been for Donners scenes, then I doubt this movie would have been as popular as it is now. Donner saved SII, and don't even try to imagine what this movie would have been like without any of Donners scenes!
061301328X|5.0|i would only like to point out that this book is surly one of the best books I have ever read! I can't imagening any one not liking it! A book you can't put down from the first page till the last. The only bad thing about the book is that he doesn't have count less pages, and the story will finally be over!
B00003CXN4|4.0|I watched this the same week as I watched &quot;Requiem for a Dream&quot;. What a brutal week!<br />Everyone by now knows what &quot;Traffic&quot; is about. No need to rehash that. But the message it gives, that the so-called war on drugs is a failure, is one that we all need to listen to. This movie somewhat proves that point.<br />&quot;Traffic&quot; shows us why this war is a failure but does not offer solutions. It also underscores the many kinds of dependencies, not just illegal drugs, that our society approves of: the nightly scotch, the wine with lunch, the cigarettes.<br />The casting was very good in this movie. Some characters were evil personified, others, like Ms. Zeta Jones, grew into their evil. The four stories jumped back and forth a little too fast for me - this did not allow time for any reflection before the next segment appeared. I did, however, like the way the film quality changed with the different stories.<br />I do wish that the movie had been a bit more forceful in its demonstration of why the drug &quot;war&quot; is failing and that it had offered some ideas for how we need to deal with addicts (better treatment, use of &quot;drug courts&quot;, etc).<br />If it opened some eyes and started some dialogue, however, I guess we can consider this film a success.
6305949980|5.0|This is a delightful film about a misunderstood character who just wants to create a good time for everybody, but unwillingly ends up destroying everything. The character is Jack Skellington. As mayor of Pumpkin Town (in the land of Halloween) he has gotten tired of his everyday routine and the annual celebration of Halloween no longer gives him any thrills (it's the same year in and year out for him). So in order to spice up his life he decides to take over Christmas. Henry Selick might be the director of this film, but it's clear that he's gone to great length in staying with producer Tim Burton's original vision for the film (this has been a pet-project of Burton ever since his days at Disney). This film is as Burton-esque as BEETLEJUICE, EDWARD SCISSORHANDS and BATMAN RETURNS (and everything else that Burton has done). And Danny Elfman (of course) provides a great score for this film (I highly recommend the soundtrack CD). Plus (if you're a true Burton fan) you'll be happy to know that the producers of this disc has chosen to include two of Burton's earliest projects (which he did while working for Disney as an animator): the lovely VINCENT and the James Whale tribute FRANKENWEENIE are both on this disc!
B00003CXE7|5.0|When one hears the name Ridley Scott, movies such as Alien, Blade Runner, Legend, and even Thelma &amp; Louise instantly come to mind. Time to add a new classic to that list, one of the biggest movies of the year 2000 - Gladiator. <br />Gladiator is the story of one man, Maximus Decimus Meridius (Russell Crowe). Maximus is a general of the Roman Empire, one who has never even been to Rome yet he controls the respect of the entire army and the people.  <br />The movie opens with a huge battle in Germania led by the great Maximus. You see the respect the troops give him, and you see him in midst of the battle. When the smoke clears, the Emperor Marcus Aurelious comes in to congratulate Maximus, which leads to him asking Maximus to take on the mantle of Caesar when the time comes.<br />Of course, Marcus Aurelious has both a son (Commodus, played by Joaquin Phoenix) and daughter (Lucillia, played by Connie Nielson). When Commodus learns that he will not be Caesar, he murders his own father and takes on the job of Emperor. Naturally, Maximus knows that the Emperor was slain and did not die of natural causes, so he does to submit to the rule of Commodus.<br />The new Emperor orders Maximus to be executed, but he didn't count on Maximus' ability to single handedly wipe out his executors and escape. Maximus rides through the desert as his family is executed by the Roman legion, and he eventually is taken into slavery and sold off as a gladiator.<br />Maximus' owner is Proximo (Oliver Reed, in his final performance), who was also once a gladiator and won his freedom in the great coliseum of Rome. After Maximus proves himself in many battles, and becomes respected among the other gladiators (and something of a celebrity among the mob), Proximo packs him and the other top gladiators in a carriage and makes his way to Rome to find fortune and glory. <br />All of this is going along exactly as Maximus wants. He wants only one thing - to face Commodus and get revenge. That singlefocus on revenge is really the core of the movie, as it centers mainly on Maximus.<br />Gladiator is a huge story, and the description above only covers the first half of the movie. That is one of the problems with it, as it seems not trimmed enough. If they cut it down another fifteen minutes or so, it may have turned out a little better...but that is only a minor quibble with the film.<br />Most of the performances are great, especially Richard Harris, who was nearly perfect as a Caesar in the twilight of his life. Russell Crowe simply rocks, Joaquin Phoenix pulled of the totally evil Caesar well, but the whiny little boy act gets kind of annoying (possibly some trimming in the movie would have solved this). <br />Once Queen Amidala is gone...I will rule the Naboo.<br />The CGI work that was done to recreate the Roman Empire toward the end of its life span is excellent. Streets teem with people, the coliseum roars, and everything looks amazing.<br />The action scenes simply rock. These are gladiatorial battles as scene through the lens of no holds barred. They are intense, gory, and loud. The Battle of Carthage scene is awesome and worth the price of admission alone. In terms of action, this movie will rock you!<br />Overall the movie has amazing action sequences, but a story that could have used a little trimming at the sides. Then again, most people don't go into a gladiator movie to critique it for a deep story - they want to see bones break and limbs fly. And then you look at Gladiator that way...it rocks.
B00000IO4J|5.0|I just saw The Faculty, in 2001. I wish I had known about this movie sooner. It was fantastic. I thought it was going to be overly scary but it wasn't and it wasn't underly scary either. It was perfect. It's funny and scary. Josh Hartnett who plays the character of Zeke, is HOTT! Even if you don't like horror, watch it because of him, becuz he's so damn hott!
B00003CXDG|4.0|Memorial Day weekend is traditionally when a huge summer blockbuster hits theaters and causes people to line up for hours just to watch stuff blow up. This year was no exception, as the eagerly anticipated Mission Impossible 2 opened to hordes of people wanting to see Tom Cruise dangling from a cliff and, of course, blowing a lot of stuff up.<br />Before diving into this feature-packed DVD, be warned that M:I-2 is a very different movie than its predecessor. Where the previous movie was more of a mystery with a little action tossed in, M:I-2 is a straight up popcorn movie and fits the summer blockbuster profile nearly perfectly.<br />Mission Impossible 2 is a strange sequel. It doesn't make any references to its 1996 hit predecessor, and the only returning characters are Ethan Hunt (Cruise) and Luther Sickell (Ving Rhames). <br />The movie opens with a theft of a deadly genetically engineered disease known as Chimera by a group of terrorists lead by a former IMF agent turned bad (Dougrey Scott). Of course, the only person who can stop him is Ethan Hunt.<br />Ethan teams up with again with Luther, and gets help from an international thief by the name of Nyah (Thandie Newton). Throughout the course of the mission, Nyah gets infected with the Chimera and Ethan must then get the cure, which is known as Ballerophon. <br />If all of this sounds familiar, its because the story is just so cookie-cutter. We've all seen the good agent/bad agent thing before in Bond movies (Goldeneye anyone?), and the whole &quot;genetically engineered virus in the hands of terrorists&quot; angle has been played out in movies such as The Rock.<br />Which brings up one of the biggest problems with the movie - the plot (or lack of one). Many people complained how the first Mission Impossible was &quot;too complicated&quot; and they didn't understand it. With M:I-2 they made a &quot;story&quot; that is so simple to understand that the dialog and plot insults anyone with half a brain. <br />But despite the plot problems, there are some very cool action sequences and Ving Rhames is always awesome no matter what he is in. There is one scene late in the movie (track 14 on the disc for those who want to jump right to it) where Ethan Hunt escapes from the villain's HQ on a motorcycle that is simply one of the best action scenes in any movie this year. <br />M:I-2 is one of those films where you just need to check your brain at the door and strap yourself in for tons of action.
B00003CXHJ|4.0|I have been a history buff for many years, and have often spent time reading the book on which a movie was based.  But the why's and wherefore's of something that occurred before, during or after a war that relate to actual events intrigue me.        I have read the magazines &quot;Airpower&quot; and &quot;Warbirds&quot; and encountered reference after reference made to the intelligence war being fought between the Axis powers and the Allies.  One of those magazines had a 3-part series about intelligence measures and counter-measures.  Many references were made to the &quot;the Enigma&quot; code which the Allies had a hard time breaking.      I am very impressed by the role the submariners played in this little &quot;side&quot; war.  If you have seen &quot;Das Boot&quot; or &quot;Run Silent, Run Deep&quot;, you will appreciate how little room there was for all these people to do their specific jobs.  I'm 6 ft. tall and getting through the captured U-boat at the Chicago Museum of Science and Industry  was extremely difficult.      God bless the master chiefs of the Navy.  If it were not for them, order and chaos would have existed in many of our ships.  The Master Chief of this movie was pretty much true to life: gruff men, making very young men into true sailors and acting as a balm on either the Captain's ego or the Commander's striving for his own command, his word meant something to everyone, and is depicted well in this movie.      I appreciate the acting done by all people involved.  None of it was wooden or robot like; at the show's end, I found myself empathizing with the crew when a crash with the destroyer was imminent, or the despair in their voices when neither descent nor ascent rates could be controlled.      A good movie, moreso for those who have some understanding of officer/enlisted relations, the rat's life of a submariner, and a bit of true history woven in for education's sake.
B00000FCBC|5.0|This album represents everything that is Metallica.  Songs range from the insane thrash of the olden days to the downtuned, darkened songs of today.<br />     A 2 disc set with about 30 total songs between them is a great purchase for any Metallifan.  The 2nd disc is a collection of (almost) all the covers Metallica has ever released (Let it loose isn't on there).  The one thing I don't like is the order of the CD.  It's AMOST chronolgical, but not quite.  It starts off with the original GARAGE DAYS REVISITED songs, whereas in my opinion, it should've had Am I Evil and Blitzkreig first. but I'm nitpicking.  If you haven't heard the songs, or are a post-black album fan, much of this disc probably won't appeal to you the first listen through.  Nearly all are no holds barred thrash songs with a lot of heaviness thrown in.  Little known songs like the Small Hours and the Prince compliment the more popular Breadfan, Stone Cold Crazy, and Last Caress.  As a whole it's an excellent compilation (though all that money I spent collecting singles and import albums is down the drain).  In terms of sound, the recording quality is akin to the time in which it was released.  While Am I Evil sounds like the rough graniness of Kill Em All, So What clearly sounds like the stuff on the Black Album.<br />     The 1st disc is totally new covers (isn't that a contradiction?).  If you're familiar only with the singles (Turn the Page, Whiskey in the Jar, etc.)  there is some excellent tunes on the album.  A while a few of the songs are played a little too loose for my taste (Free Speech is a good example) others, like Astronomy are absolutely brilliant recreations of the original.  <br />     I like the fact that most of the songs on here are unfamiliar to the average listener.  I knew all of disc 2 but only Turn the Page, Tuesday's Gone, and one or two of the Fates' songs from the first, but it made me go back in search of the classics to compare them.  In most cases, the update is much better(or different to be a purist) than the original.  For some more interesting comparisons, listen to the original Astronomy (Blue Oyster Cult), Turn the Page (Bob Seger), Stone Cold Crazy(Queen), or Loverman(Nick Cave).              The differences are very interesting in the fact that Metallica took such radically sounding songs and brought them together into something that an unfamiliar listener would assume was on Load or Reload.  All in all, an excellent album and worth every penny.
6305311463|2.0|Plenty of things have been said of the movie itself so no need to say again here.  But while checking out what people thought of the Criterion DVD, I didn't find a lot of information about the extras.  I wish I HAD known before spending the money on it.<br />The commentary can be a fascinating part of the extras to find out what went on, stories, how they felt about each other which is generally good.  So it's great to hear first hand what they think/felt about the experience.  Some of the participant's are interesting. I thought the commentary would be interesting but it's laced with Micheal Bay's ego and vulgarities.  Everything is &quot;I, I, I, I, I..&quot;  One would be surprised to find out that OTEHR people ACTUALLY worked on the film too!  He is a self-proclaimed Superman.  I knew nothing about him before watching it but did not like him at all after. For the first time I actually appreciated Ben Affleck who took time to talk about the people he worked with. He had many nice things to say about them whereas Bay is not as complimentary.  His (Affleck's)little accents are odd but he is far more animated in his descriptions and honest about the experience.  He's not technical, which is on another feature so no need here, which is a welcome. The oddest and saddest proof of Bay's lack of tenderness is in describing a scene in which Affleck was in a space suit, running out of air-suffocating.  Bay meanwhile, found that interesting- &quot;a guinea pig&quot; for Bruce Willis to not have to go through.  Nice.<br />Bruce Willis has surprisingly little to say in this edited edition of a commentary. Each person's is added here &amp; there.  So not each person's leads into the next, rather the comments are just all over the place.<br />Gag reel's alright, short, choppy.  Trailers, oh so exciting. Ha ha.
0684853523|5.0|Superb little short read...that tells a whole lot about Stephen and how he has ascended to the top of the bestseller list with the variety of tales he's woven.  Think of Green Mile, Shawshank Redemption, Storm of the Century, and The Stand....brilliant writer!  And finally getting the acclaim he deserved so long ago. I'm pleased he's shared this bit of personal information with his avid reading fans...and I'm pleased he's on the road to recovery from the horrid accident and will write more and more to entertain us.
B00003CXP1|5.0|After seeing this movie on DVD at home, I was glad I didn't see it for the first time in a theater, I don't know what I would have done.  What I mean is, after I saw this, I was physically ill.  I felt as though someone had punched me in the stomach and pounded me over the head with a baseball bat.  That's how good this movie is, it struck a physical reaction within me, and I began to connect with each of the 4 main characters and their different addictions.  This isn't a movie soley about addiction to herion, its a movie about addictions to different things.  Ellen Burstyn's character was addicted to losing weight and being beautiful again, therefore she got hooked on diet pills.  Jared Leto's character was hooked on his love for Marion Silver (Jennifer Connely).  She needed the dope, he would supply, and they would be happy and in love.  Marlon Wayans's character was addicted to the images of his deceased mother, and needed the drugs to soothe his internal pain.<br />Overall, this movie is not for the sensitive, or the easily offended.  There are many traumatizing scenes that will leave an impact on you for a very long time.<br />Darren Aronofsky is going to be legend.
B00003CXRP|5.0|&quot;...FOUR YEARS LATER&quot; the titles loom on our screen, as we see a physically fit, honed down and basic Tom Hanks expertly spearing a fish  long after his airplane has disastrously crashed down somewhere near Tahiti.  He might as well be Amelia Earhart for all the assistance and company he has gotten over the years.<br />The point of this movie is made subtlely. With Zemekis, one of our most imaginative American directors at the helm, and Tom Hanks, one of our greatest actors and surely the ONLY reason Hollywood has ANY excuse WHATSOEVER to hold up its head in the &quot;reality genre&quot; of acting--the man is so human and never misses a beat-- we have here...well, what we have here is the tale of a man of determination and strong will, his love for life, as symbolized by a photo of the woman he left behind in Memphis, and his relationship with his best friend Wilson (classic Zemekis Touch, Wilson is).<br />I don't know about you, but I have found out that things, even if they don't turn out perfectly in life, are good if there are &quot;possibilities&quot;. For the future. I think this is the mild, sweet point this movie is making, and I liked it. I liked the light touch, the sudden humor at times, even the devotion between a man and his ball.<br />I found touching Tom Hank's perfect depiction of a person who made a choice to live and struggled every day, and grew the better for it as a person.
6305165912|5.0|How funny is this movie?  It is laced with humor thoughout.  With a great performance by Jeff Bridges (who thought he could be a bum), and everyone's favorite Julianne Moore, this is a movie you shouldn't pass up.  Flea from the Red Hot Chili Peppers is also in this.<br />The story line can never be copied, it is original, one of a kind.
B000002H97|5.0|This is truly an exploration of new frontiers and a consolidation of all that is great about hard rock. On this &quot;black&quot; album, there are undertones of blues, country, classical, Indian and Arabic themes all very cohesively integrated, making this their most eclectic album. Hammet's axework is superb. This time Metallica has done it all! They could have become a gospel band after this classic - they had nothing more to prove.
B000001FFJ|5.0|In me.  Fantastic that his best album has none of his best songs.  It's an archlike unity.  Doubleplusgood.
B00003CXN4|2.0|The movie, as it is, was pretty decent.  Most of it will seem familiar to people who have taken in such classics as the French Connection and Scarface (Al Pacino, not the really old one), and the movie offers little that's new to the mix.  The acting is very strong from everyone involved, but sometimes the movie jumped too quickly from each of the different stories and characters leaving me a little confused, especially with Del Toro's Mexican setting, where the plot seemed pretty intricate and complicated.  Still, I can't fault the movie too badly. This review is more about the DVD, which is inexcusably poor.  The picture and sound are sharp, but the fact is, this is the first of at least two DVDs.  The next one will no doubt be a Special Edition of some sort, featuring commentary and deleted scenes, interviews, etc.  This edition has almost nothing in those areas, so why waste your money?  A far superior edition is no doubt a few months away, I wouldn't even be surprised to see it by this holiday season, although if not then, no doubt soon after.  Save your money, rent this DVD, buy the next one.  Mark my words, studios do this all the time, and Soderbergh is too busy on his current movie, Ocean's Eleven, to supervise the creation of the special edition of this DVD right now, so expect it after Ocean's Eleven wraps.
B000022TSV|2.0|Opera is an art form that is not about how gorgeous the sets and costumes are, although it helps; how good the protagonists look, although it helps; or even how well the performers sing, play and perform.  It is about all of these things and something more, and it is this other something that I always find is missing in films of opera.  If one was to have a conversation with someone whose face and body language did not match the words and inflections coming from their mouths we would become confused and frustrated by such mixed signals, we wouldn't become emotionally involved in the conversation at a gut level because the emotions being expressed were not clear.  As soon as someone starts to mime to their own voice on a soundtrack, as it seems must always happen while making filmed musicals or operas, this most fundamental aspect of communication and is lost.  When this happens the audience member is not taken into this new world and they then notice how lovely the settings are, how good the sound is, etc., rather than starting to feel the story at a deep emotional level.  It is such a pity, because everyone involved in making this film has truly made something exceptional to look at and listen to - but ultimately I felt nothing, and therefore couldn't have cared less!
0553473476|5.0|I've just started listening to tape 1 of this audio book, and I fell in love with Winona Ryder's voice already. What a fabulous narration she's been giving. However, it did not strictly match with the book in print (some paragraphs were omitted or shuffled right on the first chapter). Anyway, I think I'll finish the whole audio and write another review thereof.
B00005IC52|5.0|This has to be the scariest movie I've ever seen.  And DO NOT LISTEN TO JON FROM NOWHERE LAND!!! because the director fools you end the end.  The person you think was the killer wasn't him.  The very last couple of minutes of the movie is when you realize that.  JON FROM NOWHERE LAND, did you even watch the ending?!?!?!?!  This is the original stalker/slasher/babysitter horror/ and all out psycho movie ever made with the exception of the pioneer suspense classic, Alfred Hitchcock's Psycho.  I can't believe this is considered a &quot;flop&quot;.  It set the groundwork for Halloween, When A Stranger Calls, Scream, and others.  Go buy this right now!!!!!!!
B00003CXDZ|5.0|This Story Is About Love.<br />If you're looking for an original storyline, don't look here. They tell you right away - it's about love. And that's simply all it's about. And right away, they even let you know the fate of the main characters as we journey into the crazy flashback that is Moulin Rouge.<br />Basically, the story is about a poor writer(McGregor) who gets involved in the Bohemian scence in Paris. He falls in love with a courtesan(Kidman) in the thrilling nightclub, the Moulin Rouge. It follows your typical plot - guy meets girl, guy falls in love iwht girl, awful tragedy and hardship destroys relationship, they get bcak together, bittersweet romantic ending. But, of course, the plot is not the most important part of the movie.<br />Although the story may lack in orginialtiy, the way it is presented is Spectacular! Spectacular! The fast paced camrea shots really give you a feeling of the fast-paced, crazy atmosphere of Moulin Rouge - it definitely left me feeling breathless! And as the story grew more serious, the colors, the camera movements, the angles - they all matched the mood of the events in the story.<br />Sometimes, musical movies can feel odd and songs feel out of place, but Moulin Rouge skillfully pulled off the transitions into song. I always felt that it was totally natural for the characters to be singing when they did sing. The mix of familiar songs was awesome - everything that they spliced together fit well into the events of the film. I'm waiting for a full soundtrack to be released with all the great songs and versions of songs used in the film that are not included on the current CD. While Moulin Rouge used very few original songs, I felt the prior connotations the songs held helped provide an even better understanding of the emotions the movie sought to produce.The often fast paced action of the movie would have left many original songs far behind in the gears of our brains. But the familiarity of the songs allowed for us viewers tostay caught up in the fantastical world, letting the connotations of the songs to catch up with us while we stayed immersed in the busy madness.<br />I was especially impressed by Ewan McGregor's awesome singing ability! His acting was also superb, but his voice was surprisingly dazzling. When I went to watch the movie in the theatre, during the beginning of the film the theatre was filled with the usual rustlings and mumblings of moviegoers. When Ewan started his first song, however, an audible silence covered the crowd as they listened to his clear and gorgeous voice.<br />While the movie has an incredibly simple plot that can be found in almost any love story anywhere, the point is not the plot. This movie is about pure, raw, emotion grabbing you by the collar and yanking you into its world. It definitely takes you for a wild ride through the spectrum of feelings. The movie has romance, drama, humor... it leads you through joy, despair, bubbling cheers, uncomfortable laughter, shock, surprise. As you stop to catch your breath, it simply grabs you again, dragging you into another breakneck sprint of emotion. Being a hopeless romantic myself, I was engrossed by the relationship of Kidman and McGregor. Although it was altogether too familiar and predictable, the portrayal of the key moments and how we got there was thoroughly enjoyable. Even those who do not neccessarily enjoy love stories can enjoy the art of this film. It is definitely one of the better movies for this summer and I highly reccommend that you go out and watch it!
0451160916|5.0|Here Stephen King is reaching a high that is a real acme. An alcoholic teacher is fired from his job. He has a past of violence against his son. His wife is fearful and frightened. But he gets a job as the caretaker of a hotel in the Rocky mountains for the winter. The family is thus isolated in this hotel that was built on an indian cemetary. It is thus haunted and little by little the hotel will take over the sanity of Jack, the caretaker who will identify with all the past dramas that occurred in this hotel and he will little by little become the axe that is supposed to kill his wife and his son. The trick in this book is that the son has some special ESP power and he can communicate with the black cook who will be alerted and will come to the rescue but to no avail. A drama that is poignant because the father wants to kill the son and in the end the son kills the father. This father-son relationship is absolutely unevadable. It has to go to the end of its perspective and this perspective is death for one or the other. King chooses the father and hence reenact his own personal drama : a son, without a father and somewhere feeling guilty for this absence. If you are not afraid of getting claustrophobic by reading this claustrophobic story, please run to it and devour it. You will liberate your deepest guilt : the mythical killing of the father that has pervaded our civilization since the very first moment it came into existence. And you may even think of Jesus, the son, who is put to death by the decision of the father, a decision the son accepts and assumes. Here it is like the revenge of this crime and the search of an exit that will save the son from the claws of the father. Are all fathers invading crushing weights ? No answer can be provided. Please see the psyche of the man who wrote the book. Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris Universities II and IX.
B00005B4GU|5.0|I read every review about this album and they all said easier to listen to. That is a total fabercation by loopy journalists who don't even listen to music but write reviews anyways!<br />This album no matter what is *awesome*<br />Every track was unique and blatently Radiohead.<br />Packted Like Sardines crushed in a tin can: This is a weird song, nothing like &quot;Karma Police&quot; as some people say but it fits the album very well.<br />Pyramid Song: Beautiful, so very beautiful. it almost wants to make you cry, the lamented &quot;There was nothing to fear, nothing to doubt&quot; gives me the chills everytime.<br />Pulk/Pull revolving doors: Reminds me of a cross between Enos and Nine Inch Nails.<br />You and who's army?: Melodic at first than billows your system with sheer power, all the while Thom whispers a reserved chant, excellent!<br />I might be wrong: Reminds me of an old Cars songs, It felt out of place tapping my foot to it.<br />Knives Out: People say this is THE single from the album (These are of course the same people who don't believe in global warming)It was Ok but not the phenom it was built up to be.<br />Morning Bell/Amnesatic: The Best version out there, this on had a creepy eerie creepy feel to it. This song sounds like a cousin to Karma Police!<br />Dollars &amp; Cents: I liked this one very much, the lyrics are hard to understand but you get the same gut reaction as you would get listening to Electioneering.<br />Hunting Bears: A Break for the listener to just enjoy the sounds of the Computer.<br />Like Spinning Plates: Honestly disappointed me, it was mediocre at best.<br />Life in a Glass House: This song was AMAZING, oh man this was good! This was so jazzy and amazingly simple I just love it! Radiohead should do a double album next time around a Bends like album and a serious Radiohead influenced Jazz record. The National Anthem and Life in a glass house prove they could make something amazing!!! (Hint Hint)<br />Something pretty good in this deal!!!d in this deal!!!
0064407667|5.0|Violet, Sunny and Klaus Baudelaire are three very unlucky children. When their parents perished in a fire, they thought life couldn't get any worse. They were wrong. When the three children are sent to live with a distant relative, they had hoped their luck was about to change for the better. Unfortunately, they had reckoned without Count Olaf and his diabolically fiendish scheme to steal the children's inheritance.<br />The Series of Unfortunate Events are books that are very different to the typical image of children's literature. As the narrator says, \\"There is no happy ending, there is no happy beginning and there are very few happy things in the middle.\\" The author uses a dark, dry sense of humour and depending on how you focus upon the book, it can either be depressing or very funny. I personally found it very good, but from reading it I can understand why some parents say it gives their kids nightmares. Some of the things that happen to the three orphans are just plain awful.<br />The characters are both entertaining and interesting - Count Olaf is repulsively evil - and the Baudelaires are intelligent, resourceful children who enjoying inventing and reading. No matter what happens, they will always find some solution to their problems, even though more bad things are just around the corner. <br />I recommend this to all kids over the age of 9. Some people call it a JK Rowling wannabe but I disagree. This series is nothing like Harry Potter, nor it as good, but then what children's book could be? I'll definitely be buying more in this wonderfully miserable series.
6304080921|5.0|Honestly, 12 monkeys is the greatest movie I have ever watched. 12 monkeys gives us, let's say &quot;A portrait of the future&quot;. Before 300 or 200 years, no one was expecting or believing that someone will step on the moon, but now we believe it 'coz it happened. 12 monkeys is fantasy story, but it might be real in the comin' years, I hope that won't happen, but we should go deep an' deep with our imagination. I do like such movies. Watch it, enjoy it. Thanks for everyone helped makin' 12 monkeys.
0062502182|5.0|When I finished reading my library's copy of this book (checked out based off some little tidbit I read off the internet) I immediately returned and bought 3 copies of it so I can give it away.  I have already reread it several times which is a very rare thing for me to do with a book.  It's about one man's encounter with what he is supposed to do with his life, the spiritual disciplines behind the search and the ever presence of God's hand in our life.  I suppose anyone can take the story which ever way they want...it just deeply affected me.  I plan on giving this away over and over again.
B00005B36H|5.0|Some may have failed to notice that MJK is still working with perfect circles. That is to say, not that there is a direct influence by his other band but that Lateralus, in itself, is a perfect circle. Tool has created an album where no matter where you start, if you loop it you will still have a great album. There are some stand alone songs within Lateralus but the best thing about the album is that every song flows into the next. This even occurs if you allow &quot;Faiip de Oiad&quot; to repeat into &quot;The Grudge.&quot;  It seems that with the cover art taken into account, Tool has created an artistic masterpiece. A musical one, no doubt, but a complete project with nothing less than you would expect from the perfectionists of Tool, with the exception of the parental advisory sticker which may be the biggest influence by A Perfect Circle.
0440416027|5.0|Michael was looking forward to moving house. Then the baby became ill and \\"Doctor Death\\" keeps coming to visit. Michael wishes he and his family had just stayed where they were. Then he steps into the crumbling, tumble-down garage. The garage that conceals a secret that is about to change Michael's world forever.<br />When Michael discovers the mysterious creature known only as`Skellig', he can only guess at who or what he is and why he is there. Together with his friend Mina, Michael cares for the strange mixture of bird/man/angel, but his baby sister just doesn't seem to get well. Is it possible that the mysterious Skellig can save her?<br />\\"Skellig\\" is a beautifully written story that is both powerful and sensitive. I have read a huge number of both children and adults' books, but this is one of the ones that stand out. It strays from the usual children's book formula and has an ending that is completely unexpected and unpredictable. The characters are unusual and well described and the author paints a vivid picture of the events that unfold. The book is both entertaining and informative and keeps the reader hooked throughout. I have read both of David Almond's other books, Kit's Wilderness and Heaven Eyes, and would rank this in the middle, with Kit's Wilderness as my far and away favourite.<br />I would recommend this to both children and adults and if you enjoyed this, I would suggest \\"Kit's Wilderness\\" and \\"Heaven Eyes\\", both by the same author.
B0000399WI|5.0|This is a definite masterpiece of work. It was an excellent film made by careful precision and detail. The story is consistent and virtually flawless, leaving a question free enjoyment of this great film. A good idea would be to buy this, since it is enjoyable enough to want to watch multiple times.<br />The story is a real grabber. It will pull you in and not stop. After the pulling has stopped you will try to still get pushed in, wanting more. The film gets you that involved. The cast couldn't have been better. Tim Robbins does an excellent job as Andy, and Morgan Freeman is perfect for the role of Red.<br />The way the film progresses is also extremely involving. You are wondering how the heck everything happened, and then you get this great explination from Morgan Freeman showing how Andy did his thing. <br />This film deserves five stars, and it also deserves your money. Buying this film will be a good investment. WARNING: This is for people who don't get pure enjoyment out of watching guys get split into pieces of gore and see blood spill on the camera.
B000001ESN|5.0|Rush contains three of the greatest musicians ever formed in a rock band.  With Geddy Lee's unique voice and awesome bass playing, Alex Lifeson's superb guitar solos, and Neil Peart's excellent lyrics and fantastic drumming, they knocked out fans and fellow musicians with their complex arrangements and lengthy epics.  But with the release of their 1980 album PERMANENT WAVES, Rush's songwriting and musicianship began to take a new turn.<br />With the '80s, the trio said goodbye to the concept albums and 18-minute-plus marathons of their '70s past.  Although their songs were shorter, the complexity and intelligence were still there.  As a band, Rush were stronger than ever.  The album kicks into high gear with the energetic &quot;The Spirit of Radio,&quot; Rush's first ever hit single.  Featuring more time changes and switches than any other Rush song, this dedication to a Canadian radio station is a great intro to what will follow.  &quot;Free Will,&quot; another classic, features one of Alex Lifeson's most magnificent guitar solos as well as some of Neil Peart's best lyrics.  The 7 minute epic &quot;Jacob's Ladder&quot; is mostly instrumental and the playing by all three is great, most notably Geddy Lee's bizarre synthesizer piece in the middle. <br />&quot;Entre Nous&quot; is one of the most realistic love songs I've ever heard and contains a lot of catchy hooks.  &quot;Different Strings&quot; is one of the most powerful songs the band has ever laid down.  It should get more credit than it deserves; it's one of their all-time best.  The album ends with the 9 minute opus &quot;Natural Science,&quot; which starts out as a slow acoustic piece, then picks up speed like a bullet train.  There are only six songs on PERMANENT WAVES and it's a very short record (35 minutes), but adding extra bonus tracks or anything else would seem very wrong.  Although I still believe MOVING PICTURES is the band's greatest album (and the best album ever made), PERMANENT WAVES comes awfully close.  This is one of Rush's finest masterworks.
B00005B4GU|1.0|In a word, awful.  The emperor has no clothes, no heart, no soul. Endless acolytes saying, \\"Sure, it's not OK Computer, but still another masterpiece, blah, blah, blah\\", amuse me.  Cacophonous, self-important noise by arteest, Thom Yorke.  Some music will survive 50 years, some 50 weeks.  Literally and figuratively this music will not last 50 minutes...dreadful!
B00005B4GU|4.0|Well, been listening to Amnesiac for about a week now. Let me tell you: kapow, kaboom, bang: it's awesome.  'Pact like sardines...' is possibly Radiohead's most glorious pop moment yet; barbed hooks are cast like confetti, and who among us can ignore the wide-screen panorama of 'Pyramid song', it's just beautiful. OK, track 3 is not going to be something we will all be grooving to with misty nostalgia in twenty years, but as an isolationalist mood piece it's fairly evocative, not to mention technically dazzling. 'You and whose army' IS Radiohead of old; sonically, this little belter could have easily appeared on OK Computer except of course that here Yorke is rallying to arms rather than shivering under a techno blanket like he was in their extraordinary 'No suprises'. 'I might be wrong' is alright, but Yorke's twee vocals are annoying, and if sheer vocal delivery alone is how Radiohead get you drooling then 'Knives Out' is sure to be a standout, this incredible song has probably also got the best lyrics of the album as well, you can ponder as you soar. The new version of 'Morning Bell' just doesn't do it for me, I find myself supressing giggles when Yorke sings &quot;Cut the kids in half&quot;, it used to be kind of weighty. 'Dollars and Cents' resurrects the drama of 'Paranoid android' but opts for the S11 approach as opposed to Strawberry Fields of modern hell. Whatever you've heard about 'Spinning Plates', that it's odd or just an experiment, forget it: this is a song, and an instant Radiohead classic, with a nice intro ala 'Hunting bears'. The punchy, lyrically loaded (and not at all like what has been referred to as a death march, more like a swooning, drunk tango) 'Life in a glass house' completes what is another amazing Radiohead release. Yay!
B00003CXRP|4.0|Cast Away is a very, very good film.  It's also a very slow and very patient film.  Tom Hanks is once again, brilliant, and so is the direction.  It's a film that you can watch over and over, but the best part is the first viewing.  The character development, the dialouge (or lack of it) and the cinematography all leave the viewer in a thoughtful, interesting state of mind.  It's a good film and the best part of it is the script.  The last twenty minutes of the film are simply amazing and a lot of people seamed to miss the point.  It's a film that takes time (to watch) and time (to think and comprehend what you just saw).  I do recommend this film to everyone and it's a good shot that you will like it, but its guarenteed that you will learn something from it.
B000002JSQ|5.0|I have heard and seen a lot of people review this album.  They say &quot;It's not enough like their old stuff.&quot;  Of course it's not.  That's the point.  Led Zeppelin isn't considered one of the (if not the) greatest bands ever to walk the earth because of one or two songs, but because of their attitude and their will to do what they felt was right for them, and not for what the press or anyone else did.  Don't get me wrong, they cared about their fans.  They would rather do what is right for them, though.  Contrary to popular belief, music is an art, not a buisness.<br /> OK, now with all that said, here's why I gave it five stars.  I didn't like this album for the same reason sported by many others: &quot;It's not the same.&quot;  I had to stop comparing Led Zeppelin in 1979 to Led Zeppelin in 1969 and 1972.  Once I let myself listen to the music for the music, I really started to like it.  John Paul Jones did excellent on the whole album with his piano.  The album is very exciting.  I didn't realize this until one day when I was falling asleep listening to the music, I just couldn't fall asleep because the piano pieces were just so lively and had a wonderful tone.  It was at this moment that I decided I had to start this album all over again and listen to it from the beginning.  If you are a music fan and are interested in piano then I think this album is right for you.  Bare in mind though, you do have to get used to it and set aside all your preconcieved notions of Led Zeppelin.  Five Stars, my opinion.
B00003CXP1|5.0|Disturbing.  Amazing.  Stunning.  Horrific.  Depressing.  Funny.  Sad.  All of these words describe Requiem for a Dream, but only one more nees to be said.  Important.  <br />The acting is great, the script is brilliant and the direction is undescrible.  Unlike anything I have ever seen, directing takes a new turn in general.  <br />I love this film.  Simply amazing.  Especially fun to see Wayans in something beside a spoof or D&amp;D.              5/5
B000002OX7|5.0|WHO'S NEXT has the amazing ability to make anything it accompanies seem heroic, epic, larger than life.  Even in the pointless Land Rover commercial in which &quot;Baba O'Reilly&quot; now appears, something important seems to be going on.<br />But there is more going on here than fist waving and butane-lighter raising.  Each of the band's four members were at their artistic peak and, as Entwistle pointed out, WHO'S NEXT is the only studio album that caught the power and volume of the Who's live performances.<br />Townshend has occasionally slagged off this album, saying it was a few songs that were meant for the never-completed LIFEHOUSE project and some other songs he had around.  Far be it from me to doubt the man, but the song's on WHO'S NEXT are some of the best Rock ever written.  If Pete had this kind of stuff stuck in a drawer some where, he's even more of a genius than I realized.<br />The centerpiece, and the best thing the Who ever did outside of QUADROPHENIA, is &quot;Won't Get Fooled Again,&quot; a stunning block of rhythm guitar, throbbing synths, and some of the greatest Rock drumming you'll ever hear.  As far as I'm concerned, this is the greatest use of synthesizers ever recorded (and maybe the first use of a synth as a rhythm instrument), the most imitated guitar piece prior to Eddie Van Halen, the most recognizeable vocal moment, and the most inovative and powerful drum break (along with Ringo's solo on ABBEY ROAD) in all of Rock, all on the same song.  It's final summation--&quot;Meet the new boss, same as the old boss&quot;--blew a hole in the side of revolutionary philosophy that it can't recover from.
B000002N2N|5.0|its early ramones...live.  what more can you ask for?
B00003CXDZ|5.0|I loved this! I laughed alot &amp; even cried. What a musical! The visual work was fun &amp; new &amp; beautiful. The acting was wonderful by all. <br />i wanted to be entertained and to have a good time, which were satisfied even beyond what expected.<br />It is not the old movie. This is fresh &amp; new for the 21st century.<br />the ads don't show just how wonderful it is. Please give it your time.
0780020685|5.0|I saw this movie over a decade ago and was stunned then. Now I am just as stunned and even more enthralled since I am older now! The art and precision that went into this film are still astounding! This movie has spawned scores of story lines, including &quot;The Magnificent Seven&quot; film here in the US. This film still sets the standard for any Samurai film, and sits right next to my &quot;Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon&quot; DVD. I cannot stress how important this movie is to anyone with a serious interest in Martial Arts film! Enjoy!
0679879269|5.0|Let's start off with a simple statement - I love this book. Everything else I say should be taken in that context.<br />  Love, they say, is blind. Well, so it may be to begin with, but as it matures it begins to see the beloved more clearly, warts and all.<br />So, if I seem to be picking on the flaws in TAS, it's only because I care. That's why I'm giving it five stars, despite its problems.<br />  Oh, and skip this review now if you hate spoilers. It's impossible to review this book, or indeed the whole series, without either divulging at least some plot details or else being so oblique as to make little sense. In fact, look away now - don't read any of the reviews here. I didn't even read the cover blurb, let alone any reviews, and I think I had a richer experience as a result.<br />Adverse criticism of TAS seems to fall into three categories:<br />- Direct attacks on Philip Pullman's theology.<br />  - Indirect attacks on Philip Pullman's theology, disguised as literary criticism.<br />  - Other objections.  <br />I guess I fall into the third category. The first category is honest, but misguided. If your faith isn't strong enough to withstand reading a piece of fiction, what's going to happen when it meets real life? The second form is merely dishonest.<br />That notorious ending first. Gosh, it's beautifully done. I'm 48 and I found it hauntingly nostalgic and very moving. I don't think my 10-year-old son felt quite the same way. Which is a clue to the first problem:<br /> <br />The whole story has been driving towards the second Fall. And when it happens - it doesn't. Where is the \\"subtil\\", conscious Tempter? The Temptation happens unconsciously, by accident. Where is the Disobedience? Nobody told Lyra not to fall in love. And - where are the consequences? The Dust-flow into the Abyss is diverted, fine, but the angels were going to sort that out pretty soon anyway. The dead had already been freed. It looks as if all along PP intended Will and Lyra to have atragic love story, but found that the plot he had set up had intentions too.  This seems to have left him with a lot of patching up to do to try to tie things together and unfortunately the seams show.   Will and Lyra are tempted at the end, but the plot mechanics back them into a corner where their choice becomes inevitable. There's just a hint of emotional exploitation in this ending - hence my son's muted response. If he'd been 15 rather than 10 when he read it, I'm sure he'd have been far more affected.  <br />Next: PP writes very well, but he tends to overuse some words. Who can remember reading the Thomas Covenant books of Stephen R. Donaldson and waiting for the next instance of \\"clench\\" or \\"incarnadine\\"? It's a bit like that here, with \\"profound\\", \\"passionate\\", \\"breast\\" and \\"flesh\\" making regular and not always welcome appearances.  <br />Then, there's a certain inconsistency in the way the worlds work. Lyra's world seems too technologically advanced - only 50 years behind ours - for a place where the Magisterium regularly excommunicates scientists. And how the heck does the decayed world of Ci'gazze get to have electric light, gas cookers, refrigerators and canned drinks without a stable adult population to run the necessary industries?  <br />I won't go on, though, because any work on this scale is bound to have lots of points you can pick out and there's a law of diminishing returns.<br />  As I said at the start, it's love, and you can't argue with that.
B000002BBY|4.0|and opened the album with the title track.
0375701427|2.0|I should start by saying that this review must be considdered incomplete...as I was unable to even finish this dreary book. But that should be taken as the heart of my review. This book was completly unreadable. I made the mistake of taking the book on vacation with me...it was the only thing I had to read and so I was forced to suffer through 200+ pages.  It was a struggle. As soon as I returned home I picked up another book, happy to be free of Roth's horrible work.<br />Some problems: it was easy to get lost in Roth's three-page paragraphs consisting of conversations, often you would have to go back to trace who was saying what. Isn't it a a basic rule of english...new speaker...new paragraph.  Roth in his Pulitzer prize winning greatness seems to have forgotten that rule.<br />The story started out with potential, unfortunatly that potential was never reached. Part of the reason is because it is never clear whether the story we are hearing of the Swedes life and all it tragedies actually occured, or was the story fabricated by Zuckerman who was just giving us his opinion of how things might have played out for the Swede.  Maybe the answer is given later in the book, but I doubt it.<br />Finally, seldem have I read a work by an Author whose contempt for women is so transparent. From the class reunion were the men gather to talk about how much they hate their wives...to the fact the the one thing that destroyed the Swedes perfect life was his horrible daughter Merry...if not for HER everything in his life would still be apple pie. If Roth intends this to be a story about the death of the American dream shared by so many durring the fifties...he seems to be saying that women are responsible for that death. It's the American version of Adam and Eve, and again it is Eve who is responsible for the fall.<br />Wholly pathetic!!!
0897500482|5.0|Bruce Lee, as a philosopy major in college, provides us with some excellent pointers for everyday living as well as for martial arts training in this book.  I read this book while studying Eastern philosophy and I just could not believe how well Lee was able to apply the ancient philosophies of Taoism to everyday living.<br />Note that this book was not meant to teach you the art of Jeet Kun Do, per se.  Rather, Lee's intention for writing this book was to give his readers a general philosophy as well as a basis to train for any fighting system.  He also discloses his mind for the world to inspect.<br />Lee has diligently lived his philosophy in everything he does, from accepting challenges from fighters around the world to dealing with family problems.  His philosophy is one of peace and flexibility.  It is one philosophy that we could all learn a little from.
B000059HCI|5.0|I watched Requiem for a Dream, stone cold sober, alone in my dark basement in the middle of the afternoon. Once I finished, I walked around feeling strange for the rest of the day.<br />I dig movies that mess me up. Requiem for a Dream did just that, and I have to say, I didn't think it was going to. It is the story of a group of drug addicts and one of their mother's addiction to diet pills. The story is wacky and the editing is perfect. <br />Watch Requiem for a Dream only if you enjoy movies that leave you feeling disturbed for a few hours.
B000000P17|4.0|There is nothing wrong with this CD, except there is nothing GN'R has wrote. It's all covers. These covers have like a  punk-rock tune and this is not like GN'R's style at all. And where the hell did those excellent Slash solos go? They're not missed, but there is a huge different between the Use your Illusion-series and this album. But buy it if you like punk-rock. Although it's not GN'R, it's pretty good.
B000000WA4|5.0|Melon Collie &amp; The Infinite Sadness is by far the best release from an artist in the musical world ever. I've owned this c.d. for quite some time now but never got around to reviewing this masterpiece by the missed and never forgotton Smashing Pumpkins (best band ever). Billy Corrigan,D'Arcy,James Iha,and Jimmy Chamberlin put together the best collection of rock songs to ever grace my c.d. player. This is a two disc c.d.,and every song, both disc, even the instrumentals are great. And not to mention it features tons of there best hits. With all this greatness it was one of the singles that sticks out as possibly the best rock song of the 90's &quot;Bullet With Butterfly Wings&quot; sure all the songs kick complete a** in every single way but nothing can compare to BWBW  it has some of the best guitar riffs in the history of rock and roll music. And Corrigan's voice dominates the track and your mind (mabey not everyone's mind but I think it's that mind blowing of a song). So if you like rock and good music do yourself the best favor you can ever do and pick this album up and don't burn it because they deserve the money for putting this together. It's just too bad so many people won't get to hear the mind blowing unreleased Machina II the friends and enemies of modern music.
0790733226|4.0|It is a very good story and film, although there are some unnecessary cliches and stereothypes in some of the characters. It is very well crafted based on Carl Sagans novel. Watch it.
B00004STDN|4.0|Cliffhanger is a high-paced action movie which pits Gabe (Sylvester Stallone), an experienced, but \\"tired of it all\\" mountain rescuer against a band of money-grubbing terrorists led by John Lithgow's character looking to retrieve their loot after it has been lost in the mountains. <br />When I first heard about the DVD release of Cliffhanger, it was sort of like a revival. Here is a film that I had remembered as being something of a better-than-your-average action movie with a rugged and brash demeanor. However, although some of the action sequences are still amazing, there seems to be a total abandonment of character development after the first half hour of the film. It seems at times that scenes are shortened too much, whereas otherwise they would have a much more poignant effect if lengthened. <br />John Lithgow's (in his pre 3rd-Rock days) character remains to me the high point of the film. As in his other notorious film, Raising Cain, he plays the same dignified, although completely insane mastermind, which I feel is the role that was truly meant for him. <br />Stallone, on the other hand, though still able to \\"bang heads\\" with the best of them, cannot compete on the same acting grounds as Lithgow.<br />If there is one thing about this movie that stands out from the rest, it is the breathtaking title sequence. To me, it was unexpected and added a sense of realism to the film, while giving the audience its first look at the grandeur of the mountainous landscape.<br />This movie is a good \\"ho-hum\\" ride with a couple of surprises and a lot of holes. Stallone's best work remains in the first two Rocky films, which, with immense character focus, brings you into the heart of the lead man. As for more modern Stallone films, I prefer Assassins (played as a one-on-one duel across from Antonio Banderas) and Demolition Man (a funny view of the future).
B00005IC52|5.0|This is a great horror movie. When watching it remember it was done before Halloween and the slasher films of the 80's. I am 38 and remember this movie and was thrilled to see it on DVD. The story(original at the time) still holds up, the atmosphere is creepy as hell and the acting is pretty good, especially Margot Kidder. Has some slow spots but the last part is really well paced and the ending is disturbing,if not predictable. Overall a very good movie,watch it with When A Stranger Calls for a decent theme night.
B00005J73X|5.0|I have just recently discovered the band, Bon Jovi, but I can honestly say that they are my favorite singers in the whole world! John Bongiovi is the bomb! Can't wait to see them in concert sometime!
B00005AWTR|4.0|It seems like no matter what Eric does these days, there's going to be a critic.  Fans of his recent adult contemporary pop pass over his Derek &amp; the Dominos and Cream catalogues, and vice versa.  &quot;There ain't nothing I can do, or nothing I can say, when some folks won't criticize me,&quot; he sang at the close of his blues shows on the '94 tour, and he called it his &quot;favorite song of all.&quot;  Eric does what pleases him, and throughout his career what that's consisted of has been a number of different things, from high volume blues rock to toned down country to glossy pop music.<br />In short, Eric's done pretty much everything, and the addition of Reptile only expands his works even more.  You can now add to the list Brazilian samba-like jazz (in the title track), lounge (I Want a Little Girl), soul (Don't Let Me Be Lonely Tonight), and R&amp;B funk (Ain't Gonna Stand For It).  In addition, there's something on this album for fans of everything else.  People looking for blues covers will enjoy shades of the Mayall era in the Ray Charles cover, &quot;Come Back Baby,&quot; as well as the bonus track included on this import version, &quot;Losing Hand.&quot;  They will also not be disappointed in the slide acoustic/electric duel on &quot;Got You On My Mind.&quot;<br />Those looking for another &quot;After Midnight&quot;-ish J.J. Cale cover will get what they like in &quot;Travellin' Light.&quot;  There's a radio-friendly pop/rock single in &quot;Superman Inside,&quot; written by Doyle Bramhall II and his wife Susannah Melvoin (*please* do not judge Doyle's work based on this one song, either - you'll be making a *huge* mistake), as well as a touch of Pilgrim on tracks like &quot;Modern Girl.&quot;  &quot;Believe in Life&quot; bears a distinctively B.B. King like guitar tone throughout, and &quot;Son &amp; Sylvia&quot; is a relaxing acoustic instrumental closer.<br />Backed by the same band he's taken on the road this summer (with a few minor changes) along with a host of guests, including The Impressions, whose energy and soul only add to this album's depth, Eric's brought us all another piece of the puzzle that is his career.  This album is all over the map, but the theme which pervades it all is the contentness of Eric doing what he wants when he wants.  And to paraphrase the words of Bessie Smith, &quot;ain't nobody's business if he does.&quot;
6304259093|4.0|Ok first of all I would like to warn you if you are not a crow fan then you will not like this movie very much.  The movie is great there is more actual involvement in the killing of the bad guys which is always good.  The plot is a good one.  The acting is great I personally think that Perez did a good job of portraying the Crow almost as well as the late Brandon Lee. Although Perez's perfomance is better than Brandon's in some cases.  Overall the movie was great.
B00003CXRM|5.0|I saw this with my 16-year old daughter, and we laughed together at the same parts. What other movies are around where a father and child can do that? She really appreciated the language usage, and loved the music. I was knocked out by the humor, and was greatful that she could relate. If you only buy one DVD, this is the one!
B000004928|5.0|this is one of my bestest westerns i have ever seen. this movie keeps you interested from the start to finish.The film is stolen hands-down by Kevin Costner, playing an irresponsible young gunslinger who never speaks when hootin' and hollerin' will do. A classic, High Noon-style showdown caps this rousing retro western.
B000000WJZ|5.0|Words cannot describe this album as a whole...so I will rate the songs as follows:<br />1.Cherub Rock: 5 out of 5...amazing...from the drums to the clashing guitar and whines of billy's voice saying &quot;who wants that honey&quot; it is a perfect song...it still gives me goosebumps when I listen to it.<br />2.Quiet: 4.5 out of 5...VERY GOOD...it is near a perfect song...it cries out with guitars so well, and Quiet will be remembered in my heart.<br />3.Today: 5 out of 5...the most controvercial song and popular song off the album...Thank GOD for that! Perfect song with awesome guitar riffs...my fav. part is the lil intro at the beginning.<br />4.Hummer: 5 out of 5...I LOVE this song...so beautifully masterminded and put together by the well known supernatural genius billy corgan.<br />5.Rocket: 4.5 out of 5...another popular song...I love this also...I just hadn't managed to find room to put it on my SP greatest hits 2 cd set.<br />6.Disarm: 5 out of 5...BEAUTIFUL, HEARTBROKEN, LOVING song that will grab your eyesockets every time and force tears out...never have I heard a more loving beautiful song.<br />7.Soma: 4.5 out of 5...Love the song...they could have shortened the softness at the beginning though...the hard part 3 min into the song is my fav.<br />8.Geek U.S.A.: 5 out of 5...Awesome song...just didnt put it on my greatest hits cuz i didnt have room<br />9.Mayonaise: 10 out of 5.... MY absolute FAVORITE song by the Pumpkins and FAV song all together!!! I LOVE IT SO MUCH especially the intro and outro. It is so beautifully composed and if I ever met billy in real life I would mention this song over and over. A BEAUTIFUL song.<br />10.Spaceboy: 5 out of 5...this pisses me off because it is one of the best songs on my whole entire album and it skips near the 4:00 period...i think with various cd players the skip is between 3:47 and 3:56. it just makes me mad but it is such a beautiful song....LOVE IT!<br />11.Silverfuck: 5 out of 5 perfect song love it to death but because of it's 8 minute length i couldnt put it on my greatest hits.<br />12.Sweet Sweet: 5 out of 5 cute little lullabye running exactly 1 minute 38 seconds...beautiful<br />13.Luna: 5 and 3/4 out of 5...i love this song to death....it always puts me to sleep and it is so beautiful...it could put any crying screaming baby to sleep im serious!!!<br />You keep hearing me talk about MY &quot;greatest hits&quot; well i recently burned a double disc SP greatest hits. well...9 tracks out of 13 are on my greatest hits...1,2,3,4,6,9,10,12, and 13. That's more than I have from Mellon Collie! Wow! But this album is spectacular in its own little way and I would like to say it is my best cd i have ever owned and I want to get a second copy and put it in a plaque in its original shrink wrap!!! I had to do this review fast and if you've seen my other reviews you'd know im more serious or business-steadily like in them...but this one is so good, how could I begin to be serious? It RULES and i want to spill my emotions out on this review for it like red kool-aid on a white carpet with no Resolve handy....GET IT NOW OR I WILL COME HUNT YOU DOWN!!!-Joking, but it is a very good album and I highly, HIGHLY suggest you get it. you won't regret it.ath but because of it's 8 minute length i couldnt put it on my greatest hits.<br />12.Sweet Sweet: 5 out of 5 cute little lullabye running exactly 1 minute 38 seconds...beautiful<br />13.Luna: 5 and 3/4 out of 5...i love this song to death....it always puts me to sleep and it is so beautiful...it could put any crying screaming baby to sleep im serious!!! <br />You keep hearing me talk about MY &quot;greatest hits&quot; well i recently burned a double disc SP greatest hits. well...9 tracks out of 13 are on my greatest hits...1,2,3,4,6,9,10,12, and 13. That's more than I have from Mellon Collie! Wow! But this album is spectacular in its own little way and I would like to say it is my best cd i have ever owned and I want to get a second copy and put it in a plaque in its original shrink wrap!!! I had to do this review fast and if you've seen my other reviews you'd know im more serious or business-steadily like in them...but this one is so good, how could I begin to be serious? It RULES and i want to spill my emotions out on this review for it like red kool-aid on a white carpet with no Resolve handy....GET IT NOW OR I WILL COME HUNT YOU DOWN!!!-Joking, but it is a very good album and I highly, HIGHLY suggest you get it. you won't regret it.
B000050FEN|5.0|An excellent film that lets the viewer know that hooror, and terrow could be living right next door, and or sitting beside you on the bus.  No it is not for the faint of heart, or the easily distrubed, but Pitt, and Freeman do a superb job as police detectives playing a game of cat and mouse with a psychotic with a flair for literature.  The DVD is excellent, and provides the viewer with tons of extras.  Are they needed to enjoy the movie? The answer is of course no, but only fills the desires of the DVD techno-phile.  The set is a sort of best-of-both-worlds for average viewer, and true DVD-phile.  Rent it, buy it, whichever you prefer, but watch this movie, and remember what it was like to be scared.
B00005B4GU|5.0|To everyone who doesn't like this album, you don't  get it. This one didn't get the hype that Kid A got, but Radiohead isn't about hype. They're about art and expressing themselves. The last song is the only disappointing one. For starters, grab Kid A, listen to it, then put Amnesiac in and listen to the whole thing. It's one big chaotic blob of art that you won't understand if you're not a Radiohead fan. Even if you don't like it the first time, give it a few more chances because it's better than you think. However, if you're new to Radiohead, don't bother with this one. You won't like it, but if you're [not a fan] like all the critics, you'll just not understand it and since you don't get it, you'll think it's great. What is it with the critics? They don't even like the album and just because it's hyped up, they think it's an amazing work of art, which it is, but not for them. Anyway, Radiohead fans, fear not. This is good stuff.
B00005BJ2O|5.0|This movie was brilliant. I absolutely loved it. The music was incredible and the visual effects were so intricate that the pricetag tied to it would stun me. However, the music was wonderful. I can't believe that Ewan McGregor is not more well known for his singing voice. And I did not know that Nicole Kidman could sing! Their  voices were simply great in this movie. I especially liked &quot;Elephant Lve Song&quot; and &quot;El Tango De Roxanne&quot;. Some other great songs are &quot;Children of the Revolution&quot; and &quot;Lady Marmalade&quot;. Well done Baz Luhrmann!
6303521320|5.0|i love this movie but one problem there is no closed caption on it so i would like to get one with closed caption and alot of deaf people will get this one if have closed caption on it so let me know if have one i would like to get one
B00003CXRM|5.0|Scanning the reviews here everyone seems to agree that this is vintage cohen brother's and one of last years best films. I had the misforutne of living in a small rural area that did not get this movie when it was released so i missed out on one of the best movie's since fargo. So I bought the dvd a few days ago and waited untill today to watch it. I have watched it twice already in the last 7 hour's and will watch it many more time in the week's to come, People this is not a dvd that will sit on your shelf and gather dust like so many other's, it is a must buy. as for the person who said it was boring maybe they need rewatch scary movie or americian pie, maybe that would better suit thier intelect. The only thing I don't care a lot for is the dvd feature's no commentery or deleted scene's although there is a storyboard to film comparsion of the klan and flood scene's and a short feature on digtal pixalazation as well as  the feature's listed above. Let's hope criterion will issue a version of this along with a long overdue fargo and then i will have no compliant's at all.
B000003489|5.0|What can you say? This album is on everyone's top 10 - 5 - maybe even 3.  For beginners - this is a must have.  Collectors - buy every re-release.
B00003CXP1|5.0|Its not for kids. This film was one of the best film of the 2000 year for movies. I felt it should have recived more recognition then it did. If you're the kind of person that likes only movies like, &quot;The Sound of Muisc.&quot; My best advice is, DO NOT SEE THIS FLIM. But, if you are open-minded enough, you will enjoy this film to the fullest.
B00003CXDG|4.0|First of all, I would like to say that if you thought this movie was boring, stop drinking! It was full of action, romance, and suspense. I loved it. Who cares about the slow mo's I barely noticed it. I like the romance between Ethan Hunt and Nyah Hall. Mr. Woo did a great job. Mr. Cruise did a great job. I go to the movies to be entertained. I don't go to dissect every aspect of the fricken' movie, if you do that, how can you enjoy it. Great flick!!
B00003CXP1|5.0|Its not for kids. This film was one of the best film of the 2000 year for movies. I felt it should have recived more recognition then it did. If you're the kind of person that likes only movies like, &quot;The Sound of Muisc.&quot; My best advice is, DO NOT SEE THIS FLIM. But, if you are open-minded, you will enjoy this film to the fullest.
B00001OH7U|5.0|the only complaint i have about this cd is i wish it were longer. everytime i listen to it i don't want it to end. the title song, clocking in over 10 minutes, starts out with a hypnotic beat that then turns into an all out rocker. (before i go any further, the musicians on this cd play outstandingly, especially springsteens pianists roy bittan) the title song is one of bowies best, if not the best. yes, its that good. the next song is golden years which has a great beat and good backing vocals. it sounds like something that easily could have been on young americans which would have made that cd better. bowies voice thru this cd is better than ever and the 3rd song word on a wing is the prime example-another excellant track great music and great vocals. the next song tvc15 is a straight out rocker that has a very catchy arrangement. track 5, stay, has the cd's best guitar licks and again could have been on young americans. but it stands on its own as a fantastic dance/rock song. on the last track, wild is the wind, bowie again demonstrates great vocals over a beautiful melody. i know i have used the words great and best etc in reviewing this cd, but thats just what it is. the album was released in 1976 and the songs still hold up well 25 years later. it never really received the credit it deserved. i wish he would have built on this as a &quot;triology&quot; rather than low lodger and heroes. this is my favorite bowie album and one of his very best.
B00005ATQD|1.0|This movie was one of the worst I've seen in 10 years.  I will admit that there was a point for about 10 minutes where it the movie became slightly intense, but otherwise the movie was terrible.  Tom Cruise played his typical role (overcomes some great odd, gets the chick, the end).  The concept of the movie was fairly decent, but the final product was horrible.
B000008GEF|3.0|George Harrison likes Krishna. Good for George! Too bad for the rest of us that he has to hammer this information into our head for a good half of this album. <br />The first song (Give Me Love, which now plays on muzak channels seemingly every time I walk into a store) and the title cut would have been enough religion, Thanks. The title cut is actually quite catchy and it has some silly Beatle references (he's at his best here when he's bitter).<br />Best songs: Sue Me Sue You Blues, his take on the Beatles Breakup; Don't Let Me Wait Too Long, which should have been a single, and that's about it. The rest of it is kinda dull. But, half a George Harrison album is still 30 times better than anything released by anybody (aside from the Beatles) in the last two years. So if you remember this album at all, pick it up and use the programming button on your CD player to edit out the songs you don't like. <br />You know, one of the best songs from this recording session wasn't even released on the album. It's &quot;Miss O'Dell,&quot; the flip side of &quot;Give Me Love.&quot; About halfway through the song, Harrison makes a mistake while singing and falls into an uncontrollable fit of laughter, which inadvertenly makes the song an absolute novelty classic. What's he saving it for, a box set?
B00000ICD9|4.0|This movie really makes you gasp for breath during some moments. Its at the same time an stunning adventure thrue our mind as its a really sad and romantic drama. Both Robin Williams and Cuba Gooding Jr. makes a teriffic team along with beutiful woman playing the wife. So just go get it.
B00000I07P|3.0|IF you like bubblegum rock, totally cold and formulatic and full of cliches, this is the best that you can get. If you dont like this kind of sound, stay asidew from &quot;SLIPPERY WHEN WET&quot;. From the sleeve inside you know what kind of cheesy lyrics and stupid rock youll get. But Bon Jovi does it sound at least with quality.
B00004XOWM|1.0|&quot;A seething work of genius&quot;? HA! I wonder what drugs the reviewers were on as they listened to the CD and wrote the review. Do not assume, however, that my strong dislike of this album is a generalization of the genre. It isn't. I liked Significant Other, which was an example of rap metal done right. It's just that this album is a piece of camel dung, plain and simple. In a bastardization of that famous quote, this isn't an album to be tossed aside lightly. It should be hurled with great force. Here are my grievances. <br />1. Can you smell the desperation here? His constant use of the &quot;F&quot; word for no apparent reason is a sort of Fred Durst's recipe for Insta-Publicity. How many times can you curse without putting people to sleep? Put on that album and you'll find out. <br />2. I know what band this is. I wish Fred would stop mentioning that they're &quot;Limp Bizkit&quot; and they're &quot;badass&quot; in every one of their frikkin' songs.<br />3. All the songs sound the same. Also, Fred, repeating lyrics from Nookie again on another song won't really do much. Just letting ya know.<br />4. The lyrics stink worse than the underside of a donkey's behind. &quot;if only we could fly/limp bizkit style.&quot; <br />I think that proves my point. <br />5. How DARE they butcher/incorporate NIN lyrics? HOW DARE THEY? This album and their album don't deserve to be in the same room together. <br />6. Just thinking about the album makes me think about how quickly it sold, and then that makes me think about what a sheer abundance of idiots are overpopulating this world who don't give a damn about the quality of music. The same people who bought Britney bought this. It's depressing.<br />Gee...And you'd never think I didn't like it. I'm so subtle.
B00004LN16|1.0|What kind of AC/DC fan can say this album is great?? AC/DC is a legendary band, I love it, one cant rip scorn at their work, never !!! But that doesnt mean you should close your eyes to the truth. This album is crap. It has nothing to do with the &quot;BON COTT TIME VERSUS BRIAN JOHNSON TIME&quot;. No, both have their merits The fact is: the first second Johnson starts to sing, he ruined the whole album. The once great singer from BACK IN BLACK and FOR THOSE ABOUT TO ROCK just cant sing no more (or even scream). His voice is so atrocious nowadays that even die-hard fans like myself cant stand the whole album listening to it. Ohter than this, drummer Phil Rudd is his more lacklustre performance ever, no punch at all. (which was a surprise to me, giving his astonishing live performance in the video &quot;NO BULL&quot;, recorded in the &quot;BALLBREAKER&quot; tour). The Youngs guitar are still fierce and creating good rock / blues tunes. But Johnson really destroys it all.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Well, here I am again.  I have watched all of this film and I have to say..  Wow!  I watched it in the theater and forgotten about how good this movie is.  Russel Crowe, got to give it to him.  He's been in films before and now he is a star.  The plot, the characters, and the special effects were just awesome.  Problem, only in WIDE SCREEN.  OMG, why didnt they make it both in wide and t.v.  I'm sorry, I'm not going to go buy a wide screen t.v. just because most of the action flicks are wide screen.  I be damned.  Well until my next review.... Cya! IM OUT!!
B000002JSZ|4.0|Also the last one featuring drummer Phil Rudd (who returned for BALLBREKAER in 1995), this album from 1983 is the last one featuring really strong AC/DC riffs and a production sound similar to their best efforts (even without featuring ace producer Mutt Lange anymore). It has amazing tunes like GUNS FOR HIRE and the opener &quot;RISING POWER&quot;. The ten songs are great. Its also the last time Brian Johnson was capable of, with his shredding vocals, contribute decisively with the songs, because after this one he began to blow his voice.
B00005LOLD|5.0|Hallo Amazon! Im very, very happy. My favorite movie SAYONARA will be realesed on DVD in september, and in widescreen of course. I love the summer, but now I look forward to september. Many greetings from Bert-Owe Ivland Gothenburg Sweden.
B00000I07R|2.0|Its funny. A band that has no &quot;faith&quot; at all, just plays cheesy / bubblegum rock, call an album &quot;KEEP THE FAITH&quot;. Maybe what they meant was :&quot;KEEP BUYING OUR RECORDS, GIRLS&quot;
B00003CXDZ|5.0|Haven't seen anything quite like this on screen. And if it goes to Broadway, I don't know if it would do it justice.  Great tango scene.  A must see for musical lovers and anyone of good cinema.
0790729628|5.0|a must see for any scifi fan
B00000IUT7|3.0|Out of the box, this was exactly what I was expecting for our two-year-old. For about a day, it really worked great, hauling the Brio cars around, up and over the hill on the figure-eight starter set. It's certainly got a strong enough engine.<br />Within a couple of days, though, it stopped going up the hill, and got very balky going around the turns. On examination, it seems like the single axle is turning just fine, but the wheels are slipping against the axle--if you pick up the locomotive when it's running, you can easily stop the wheels spinning with your finger, but the axle keeps turning. As far as I can tell, the axle is _round_, going through a _round_ hole in the wheel, and surprise, surprise, it slips.<br />I'm going to try to fix this with a couple of spots of epoxy, to try and glue the axle to the wheel without gluing the wheel to the train. Nevertheless, this seems like a disappointing piece of engineering--a square axle going through a square hole would probably have prevented this from happening. In any case, while this toy is a _great_ idea, in practice, it's pretty poorly made.
0446310786|5.0|The only book that Harper Lee ever wrote. Good enough for me!
B00003CXN3|3.0|&quot;Traffic&quot; is controversial because it seems to suggest that the war on drugs has been lost and ought to be given up.  However, whether you agree with that position or not, you'll be distracted by the fact that the message is not conveyed all that well.  Though well acted and with camera work that immediately captures the attention, &quot;Traffic&quot; ultimately encounters heavy congestion in trying to get where it wants to go.<br />The film is an ensemble picture broken essentially into three parts.  The first follows an honest Mexican policeman and his partner as they become involved with a shady Mexican general who has taken sides in a drug feud for both fun and profit.  This is the best of the three stories, though its ending seems a little too pat.  The second story involves the wife of a &quot;respectable&quot; drug smuggler and her travails after her husband's arrest.  This episode plays like your average episode of &quot;Law and Order&quot; and is as about as predictable.  The third story follows newly appointed drug czar Michael Douglas and his addicted daughter.  This episode rings phony and implausible in a number of ways.  Douglas's daughter goes from being casual weekend user to selling her body in a crack house in just a manner of weeks.  Then a few weeks later she's already spilling her guts at an &quot;AA&quot; Meeting.  This portrayal is so cliche as to almost be demeaning to what real recovering addicts go through.<br />Overall, &quot;Traffic&quot; is an overambitious failure.  I happen to agree with its message, but I thought the message was very much garbled in the translation.  In no way did it deserve a &quot;Best Picture&quot; nomination.
0312243022|3.0|Michael Cunningham, in his book &quot;The Hours,&quot; depicts three women who are going through similar crises in their lives.  One is the troubled and talented author, Virginia Woolf.  Woolf's recurrent episodes of madness are so frightening and disturbing to her that she finally resorts to suicide by drowning.  The second woman is Laura Brown, a pregnant housewife who lives in California after World War II with her husband and her three-year-old boy.  Laura is not content.  Every day on earth is a torment to her.  One of her few comforts is being by herself and reading Virginia Woolf's novel, &quot;Mrs. Dalloway&quot;.  Laura cannot see herself surviving day after dreary day as a housewife and mother into the distant future.  Laura contemplates her options.  Should she kill herself or run away?<br />The third woman is Clarissa Vaughan, an editor living in  Greenwich village.  One of Clarissa's oldest friends, Richard, is dying of AIDS.  Richard has called Clarissa &quot;Mrs. Dalloway&quot; for years.  As she watches Richard waste away, Clarissa begins to take stock of her own life.  Clarissa lives with her female lover and their daughter.  However, Clarissa often feels disconnected from her loved ones, and she is sometimes overwhelmed by her life.<br />All three of these heroines are persistently and painfully introspective.  No part of their lives is unexamined and this close scrunity of every aspect of their existence brings these women more pain than enlightenment.  Although I admire Cunningham's ability to write with subtley and grace, and although I sympathize with the plight of women who feel out of step with the world, I did not enjoy &quot;The Hours&quot;.  I found it too dark and devoid of hope, a novel that emphasizes the most negative aspects of being a woman.
0790730960|5.0|Now what exactly do I mean by that?  Well, in a nutshell, the term &quot;flawed masterpiece&quot; means that this particular film does have a few faults.  The basic story structure is uneven and frequently changes direction with little notice.  However, despite this, &quot;Batman Returns&quot; is an utterly brilliant film.  First of all, the acting is phenomenal. Michael Keaton is radiant as the dark knight, who gives the character endless dimension and inner turmoil.  Danny DeVito plays a wonderful Penguin, whose appearance and back stroy were altered to make him a more fertile character.  And Michelle Pfeiffer deserved an oscar nod for creating a perfect Catwoman, who, instead of being a mere jewel thief like her comic counterpart, is instead the result of a shattered psyche, a woman driven to madness by the brutality of her employer, played by Christopher Walken.  With this terrific cast behind them, the characters are ever so complex and multi-dimensional, each of them fighting for their last shreds of humanity while their lives open up to swallow them whole.  And they ultimately fail, as shown in the tragic and very moving ending.  Also,the emotion in this film is staggering.  The inner struggles of these characters are brought out for all to see, and the film pulls no punches in this department.  Selina's descent into madness is ferocious and raw, and the death of the Penguin is extremely heart-rending.  The script, also, while having a few structural problems, is very imaginative and original, and the production design creates an urban nightmare that seems to impose on the poor souls of Gotham City.  This is by no means an action film, people.  This is a twisted, tragic dark fantasy in which no one gets away clean.  Overall, It's the most well-acted, character-driven, emotion-packed, and multi-layered superhero film around.  Forget &quot;X-Men&quot; and &quot;Blade&quot;.  This will always be the king of the crop.  Enjoy.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|I was not prepared for the intensity of color, noise and closeups that begin the movie, but they worked - they took me right into the time and place.  I liked the caring group of misfit friends and thought Nicole Kidman &amp; Ewan McGregor singing quite believable, fun and heartbreaking.  The movie made me smile and laugh often, the contemproary music an added kick. Just a plain good flick.  What a movie should be, entertaining.
B00003W8NM|5.0|&quot;In the world I see, you're stalking elk through the damp canyon forest, around the ruins of Rockefeller Center. You'll wear leather clothes that will last you the rest of your life. You'll climb the wrist-think kudzu vines that wrap the Sears Tower. And when you look down, you'll see tiny figures pounding corn laying strips of venison on the empty carpool lane of some abandoned superhighway&quot; - Tyler<br />This movie is classic!!! The BEST movie ever!
B00003CXDZ|5.0|&quot;Moulin Rouge&quot; was without a doubt the best movie in a long time! I've seen it 3 days in a row and never was bored a minute! The experience is awkward-not in a bad way-just because it is unlike anything you've ever seen before. The love story was very moving (unlike the SICKENING Pearl Harbor)...I could definetly watch it again (and again-and again)...Well you know, I'd watch it indefinetly:) &quot;Moulin Rouge&quot; as you all probaly know is a musical love story that intertwines its way through comedy and drama as well...you even get a couple explosions...<br />The only way to describe this astounding movie is to say, &quot;The most Magical, Enchanting, Clever, Imaginative, Heart-felt, and Moving movie of the century.&quot;
B00005BJ2O|5.0|Ewan McGregor can sing. He does a very fine job with the medley and his two big ballads.  Nicole isn't the greatest singer but it works. If she could sing like an opera star her character wouldn't be at the Moulin Rouge. When she sings &quot;I'll Fly Away&quot; it's heartbreaking. I've never cared for Fatboy Slim but his &quot;Can Can&quot; is wild. I got up and danced. Hindi Sad Diamonds is a stand out as well. I bought this 3 days ago and haven't stopped playing it.
B00000AOVQ|5.0|the Cult's Electric changed the face of rock music.  Although Love yielded the fantastic She Sells Sanctuary, Electric saw the band combining T-Rex style word play and classic American imagery with AC/DC influenced Riffs.  Oddly enough, given Astbury's later preoccupation with Native imagery, this feels like a rock and roll cowboy album.  Just look at the band names and lyrical style of the Grunge era to get an idea of this album's influence.  Band names such as Grunttruck, Soundgarden, Temple of the dog all borowed from the Cult's T-Rex influenced word combination style and/or quasi-spiritual imagery.  Just listen to the pre-Pearl Jam album by Mother Love Bone to hear some seriously Cult-influenced tracks. WildFlower, Aphrodesiac Jacket, Peace Dog, Li'l Devil and Love Removal Machine (with its reverse Start Me Up riff) are among the best rock tracks of the past 20 years.  Sonic Temple was good but nothing touches this album.
B000002B7W|5.0|There's not much I can add that the other reviews haven't already said.  This is simply the greatest live album ever recorded.  The only disappointment is that the intro that leads into &quot;I Don't Know&quot; that is on the original release has been edited out of the remastered version.  Why?  It was so great listening to that intro as the aniticpation builds before hearing Randy launch into that first riff of &quot;I Don't Know&quot;.  They should have left the into on the remaster.
B00005BF9Z|5.0|It is not Clandestino, and will never be, but Proxima Estacion: Esperanza is without a doubt another masterpice. Buy it now and, just as with his first CD, youll find yourself playing it over and over.
B00005B36H|5.0|I must say by starting out that I didn't know what to expect from this CD. I have been listening to APC for ahwile now and have become accustomed to that area of Maynards talents. So when I picked up Lateralus I was ready for my mind  and ears to be stimulated. And I was definitely pleased by what I had  heard. This CD rocks hard all the songs on here rock and plus they have good musical quality. Allot of people might not like the progressive styling of some of the songs but lets face it Tool has had that kind of style in Aenima and Undertow. Maynard and the boys have created a masterpiece. This is by far the best rock CD out there right now. If you love melodic intense energetic heart stopping music than this CD is the one for you. Go out and buy this CD and get ready for the experience that is TOOL and Lateralus.
B00005BJ2O|4.0|An awesome movie, (for the first 20 minutes that is) then the movie drags for the rest of the time into a &quot;romeo and juliet&quot; style love story.  Although I feel the whole movie is quite incredible, the ending 1 hour and 30 minutes would have been more effective if the plot were dragged into the last part of the movie.  Overall a great soundtrack, and movie, but if were made over again, stretch out the plot into the whole movie, not just the first 20 minutes...  :)
B00005B36H|3.0|The anticipation that greeted &quot;Lateralus&quot; was gigantic compared to what had awaited Tool's belated second album &quot;Aenima&quot;, so my expectations for the band's new opus were quite high. Does &quot;Lateralus&quot; remove the barricades between the genres, does it brush away all that has gone before? Or, in other words, does &quot;Lateralus&quot; take a look at the future of rock music? First, let's take a look back to &quot;Aenima&quot;: Instead of choosing between art-rock, heavy metal and electronica, all three styles were simply merged together to create a very interesting and dark sound which managed to refer classic '70s prog-rock from the likes of King Crimson and Pink Floyd. Then there was this singer whose fusion of emotional vulnerability and bone-crunching aggression, often within the same song or verse, made for a fascinating tension throughout the album. Or maybe it was the amazingly hypnotic guitar tone - which sounded filthy, melodic and driving at the same - that made &quot;Aenima&quot; one of the most seductive albums of the '90s. If that's what you're looking for, then &quot;Lateralus&quot; will prove a disappointment -- although the inconsistent nature and the lack of focus of &quot;Salival&quot; somehow hinted at the things to come. Maynard's vocals need to be married to strong melodies to really work, but since there aren't enough good tunes on &quot;Lateralus&quot; to support his lyrical ambitions, the result is often tedious and lacking in any attractive elements. There is nothing as funky or melodic as &quot;Stinkfist&quot; or &quot;Hooker..&quot;, nothing as quirky as &quot;The testicles of Satan&quot; (that's the correct translation, guys!) and &quot;(-)Ions&quot;, no song as tightly constructed as &quot;Aenema&quot; or &quot;Push it&quot;. The band seems lost on spacy numbers with endless instrumental noodlings, all-out storms of noise, and occasional rock tunes which are never anywhere as cleverly put together and catchy as the signature Tool material from &quot;Undertow&quot; and &quot;Aenima&quot;. I also found the overdose of worthless 'clitter-clatter' percussion patterns and formulaic bass loops to be quite irritating by the end of the disc. My first listen to &quot;Lateralus&quot; was utterly horrible (I had to buy four new batteries for my remote control after this), but then I decided to give it a second chance, sort of, 'hey little buddy, this album certainly isn't immediate and could be easy to dismiss, but repeated listenings may bring a gradual reward. Initially seeming like a singularly joyless mess, the level of composition and rhythm could eventually become clear.' That said, the bulk of this disc still remains inaccessible for me and misses the mark, but there seem to be a few tunes which have something to offer. The 8 1/2-minute opener &quot;The grudge&quot; finds the right balance between tortured vocals, beautiful instrumental interludes, sudden bursts of fire, and pretty harsh guitars before dramatically inserting some 'noise terror' by Maynard at the end of the song. Interestingly, the best moments on the album are actually those where Tool step away from the amusical and tuneless anti-song structures in favor of laid-back, atmospheric ballads and short interludes (&quot;Eon..&quot;, &quot;Mantra&quot;) which act as a useful counterpoint to the unfocused sections. &quot;Disposition&quot; is one of those really enjoyable pieces, combining ethnic drumming, whispery singing (&quot;Watch the weather change&quot;), and fragile guitar licks to great effect. The 9 1/2-minute title cut also has an edge, both musically and lyrically, and provides the most impressive rock epic on the album. Unfortunately, for every listenable track there is an awkward equivalent -- particularly in the album-closing trio of songs -- where the band veers off into utterly ponderous and pretentious jamming over and over again. So now, where do we go with this? I think &quot;Lateralus&quot; should be taken as a transitional album in Tool's discography, offering quite a range of styles but ultimately failing to live up to its ambitions. Much of &quot;Lateralus&quot; marks the antithesis of easy listening and has a cold, anti-climactic feel to it, which makes the record very difficult to absorb. Thus, although Tool fans will think this is another groundbreaking masterpiece from their heroes, I suspect that others are likely to be notably less impressed.d be taken as a transitional album in Tool's discography, offering quite a range of styles but ultimately failing to live up to its ambitions. Much of &quot;Lateralus&quot; marks the antithesis of easy listening and has a cold, anti-climactic feel to it, which makes the record very difficult to absorb. Thus, although Tool fans will think this is another groundbreaking masterpiece from their heroes, I suspect that others are likely to be notably less impressed.
0345442989|4.0|While this book delved deeply into the Republic's political situation, I still found it a very interesting and thought-provoking novel.  I think that most people will pick up on some not-so-subtle clues about Ep. 2, and reading this book will also make Episode 1 a lot more interesting.  So, read the book, watch the movie again... and again... and again.
B000059Z8J|5.0|I have never been a fan of movies based on comic books except for all the supermans and x-mem and batman and batman returns. this movie is fun to watch over and over. there is no one other than christopher reeves to play the superhero. this has to be one of my favorite movies. I watch it over and over i even watch it when it is on cable. I am glad I bought this dvd and the extras on it make it even more fun to watch
0451196716|5.0|This book was impossible to put down from the first page to the last! I found myself truly feeling for many of the characters and I was genuinely caught up in the horror of The Long Walk. This is a book that no one (who can handle some really heavy reading) should miss. VERY convincing character development and plot.
B00001OH7U|5.0|I got this album for my birthday in 1976 and I think I've listened to it about 439 times since then.  I don't think I'll ever get tired of it.  It's stark, like a headlight cutting through a black tunnel.  It's detached yet deeply passionate.  It's delicate yet powerful.  <br />I can't listen to it without thinking of that photograph of Bowie at the Grammy awards with Lennon, Ono and Paul Simon.  Bowie looks like a glossy cardboard cutout of himself, obviously a near-casualty of the stardom he sought so relentlessly.  I see this album as a deep cry for help--which he eventually received, lucky for all of us who have benefitted so much from this man's long career--all of it executed with a cool, icy delivery and a chilling vibrato that somehow boomed out of a stick-figure on the verge of Ziggying himself to death.<br />And I love that it is only six songs long.  It makes the whole effort seem more like a parable than a novel.
0767824571|5.0|Okay, I previously gave the original release of this disc only 4 stars, but now I can go up to five.  First off, the movie itself deserves a much higher grade than five.  It is absolutely one of the best comedies ever made.  Unfortunately, the original DVD release included no extras.  For people like me who care about such things, this was a major tragedy, especially since the DVD release of Life Of Brian was so good (more extras than you could ever want).  Now, finally Holy Grail is getting the same treatment.  Available as a two disc set, I definitely recommend it.  The extras are just great, plus you get a (very slightly) longer version of the film.  The special edition is the ONLY version of this disc to own.
B00003CXDG|2.0|You see, when a film like MI 1 comes out u expect a decent sequel, but, unfortunatly u  never get one. The plot is very familiar to any one who knows Syphon Filter on PS 1. Special agent Eathen Hunt has to stop Dugarry Scotts villan who threatens to release a deadly disease. Cruise acts the hardman but hes no Connery and Thandie newton is no..    I must be dreaming.... yes i was after watching this..
0802136834|5.0|Weir has put in hours upon hours of research for this book, and her efforts shine through in this 600+ page book.  Although the length may be intimidating to some, the pages fly by as one learns more and more about six different women who each met different ends.  Without having read this book, no one can consider themselves a Tudor history buff.
1559409010|4.0|I don't know what the story is with the Criterion Collection, but this is another mediocre transfer of a great movie.  The sound goes in and out, the picture looks like it was doused in bleach, the cigarette burns (the dots that tell the projectionist when to change reels) are still on the print.  And the extras aren't all that hot.<br />The movie itself is, of course, outstanding.  Satirical and hysterical.  Although it has been labelled as blasphemous by many who haven't seen it, it shouldn't really offend anyone.  This is another one of those Python films you'll be quoting endlessly.
0679721037|4.0|Although this book progressed quite slow at times (and at others, the reader was overwhelmed with seemingly meaningless facts) the writing and research obviously took Hersey time.  He invested that time well, as the final product shows. This alone saves this book from a lower rating because of the slowness and overwhelming facts.
0399146253|1.0|I thought I'd give Kay another chance but now I'm done.  What a self-indulgent whiner who acts like the whole world revolves around her.  She's totally boring now.  There's no suspense to her stories, just more and more about what Kay thinks and how the world has wronged her and misunderstood her.   The book had some good moments but the whole thing seemed like a prelude to the next book, which will actually have something to do with The Last Precinct.  I was about three-quarters of the way through and realized that the author was going to have to act pretty quickly to sum the whole thing up and give us an ending.  Then the ending was there, all neat and pat and way too easy.  Why did the actors at the end choose at that time to make the move on Kay?  How did they know that Kay was alone but for her niece, and didn't bring an army of people with her?  How convenient that she chose to traipse through the woods with just her niece, so that she could meet the guilty party who would then act to eliminate her.  I had the most sympathy for the poor dog - that is the only character that had any appeal to me.  The others are all selfish and shallow and very bory.
B000056K04|2.0|I've been a dave fan for a long time and was very excited to buy this album, but was very disappointed.  although the lyrics remain strong, not as good but still strong, the music is really lacking.  there isn't one song over 5 minutes on this cd.  you barely hear boyd tinsley . . . what happened to the jamming seen best on their live albums?  glen ballard, who has worked with the likes of aerosmith, no doubt, and alanis morisette, really (messed) up with dave.  i don't think dave has sold out, but this album really lacks the beauty of crash and under the table and dreaming, i'm just hoping that dave will dump glen ballard and continue doing his own thing.  my recomendation to hard core dave fans is to buy the cd but know that hopefully there is better things to come.  for people who don't know a lot about dave, buy it, because dave is an amazing lyricist and composer, but know this is not who he really is.  i sincerely hope that dave's next album will be better and that he will release songs that were supposed to be on this cd, such as \\"bartender\\" which although are depressing, are much better than anything on everyday.
B000059HAI|5.0|I have always enjoyed this classic movie depicting the event leading up to and including the Japanese attack of Pearl Harbor.  I especially like it because of its detailed portrayal of BOTH sides of the coin.  The re-release onto DVD contains both high-quality picture and sound.  I could not be more happy with this purchase.
6305622930|5.0|One of the extra features on this DVD (the second disc) features the 1997 50-minute documentary, &quot;The Making of Patton: A Tribute to Franklin J. Schaffner.&quot; The tribute to Schaffner is very well deserved (he was truly an excellent film director).  <br />But, among the interviews in this documentary is a talk with director Oliver Stone who boldly states as fact, that upon seeing the movie &quot;Patton&quot; in 1970, President Richard Nixon ordered the actual invasion of Cambodia.  This invasion, claims Oliver Stone, allowed the Khmer Rouge to rise to power and thus murder millions of Cambodians in the infamous &quot;Killing Fields&quot;.  Stone then states that the movie &quot;Patton&quot; is therefore the most influential movie in history, even more so than his own &quot;JFK&quot; -- how's that for writing history via the movies guys?  :-)
031219126X|5.0|After seeing at least five versions of this tale in film - one of my great childhood monster loves - I was happy to finally read the novel.  As so often occurs with classics, I was as surprised as I was fascinated.<br />For starters, the characters are far more subtle than any of the film versions:  Victor F appears as a brooding and obsessed genius, but also as a great lover of life and nature.  The monster, who is an articulate and literate creature who read Goethe, is even more interesting, from his hopeful beginning to his bitter reaction at rejection and his thirst for vengence.  His eloquence was vivid and his pain horribly realistic.<br />But the work is also fascinating as a window into the mind of the Romantics, who at once strove to reject the rationalism of the Enlightenment yet reflected it.  The creature starts off empty and what it becomes is due entirely to his experience.  Knowledge is not always good, etc.<br />Finally, the themes are timeless and full of conflict:  creativity giving birth to unimaginable destruction, tampering with nature as its necessities overwhelm even genius, and the like.  THe book is a kaleidescope of philosophical reflection.  The pain of the creator and the monster alike are inescapably linked like father and son.<br />I did find the style of the book a bit difficult.  It is full of florid rhetoric and lengthy circumlocutions, as the doctor and then the monster tell their stories in almost identical prose.<br />Highly recommended.
B000002V07|5.0|when virginal ears first hear this album, all is lost. Hope Sandoval possesses a rare voice that ignites the inexplainable... things we only know in dreams.  Best listened to in the candlelight, with vanilla or something soothing on your tongue... it's just gorgeous.
B00005J79H|4.0|finnaly,a great album from the german legends. after waiting almost a decade, this is an album they really can be proud of. this album just shows how amazing this band is, and how good these guys are. The biggest surprise on this album is &quot;Catch your train&quot;. This old song from the mid-seventies just rock!! And the &quot;Holiday&quot; version is great! But the best song on this album is &quot;The Zoo&quot;. Its the first song on the album, and what a song! And they also have a few covers on the album, like &quot;Love of my life&quot;, and the great &quot;Drive&quot;, that is really good! The one thing i am waiting for now is that The Scorpions do a good studioalbum again....
0380796090|5.0|This book was fun.  The first person voice irritated me at first but I got used to it and really started liking the main character.  I felt like I was right there in Ireland and enjoyed the wacky family stuff.  I read it in the winter and wish I would have waited to read it byt the pool.  It really &quot;takes you away.&quot;
6300163423|5.0|I'm a big Mickyey Rourke fan, as an aside, what in the world happened to him, he blew up like a ballon.  Steroids?  Anyways, this is my favorite Rourke movie and he's superb in the roll of a private eye on the downside.  Alan Parker creates an atmosphere that's dark, evil, and builds in creepiness.  Watch for the fans, even into the final scene.  I've seen this movie 10 times and I still get goosebumps watching it  at nite, alone.
068818071X|1.0|awful book. even ms. keyes said writing this book was 87% depressing. if the author knows its depressing while shes writing it, then WHY would she think the public would like it? I guess i am simply not a fan of Ms. Keyes writing style because i did not like Watermelon either. This book probably brought me to my mental breakdown.
B00005B4GU|1.0|People Listen! Have you all forgotten that Rock + Roll is supposed to be fun? I know I am probably in the vast minority but Radiohead's last three albums stunk  out loud. I cannot listen to OK Computer. Its boring! Folks, Pink Floyd has left the building. Radiohead is only rehashing Pink Floyd's dark fascination with nihilism and brooding thoughts of: &quot; OH life is pointless anyway so lets write songs about dehumanization. &quot; Correct me if I am wrong but didn't &quot; The Wall &quot; point all of this out in 1979? I loved &quot; Pablo Honey &quot; and &quot; The Bends &quot; and was very excited when &quot; OK Computer &quot; came out but was very disapointed with it. Then &quot;OK Computer&quot; won a Grammy! I could only listen to it twice. I tried to sell it at a used CD store but they wouldn't buy it because they already had a stack of them. I was not surprised. I read the reviews of &quot;Kid A&quot; and &quot;Amnesiac&quot; and the reviews did not sound promising since they were both compared to &quot;OK Computer&quot; so admittedly I did not buy them. However, I listened to the sound bites and I filed them under the category of: Eee[...] I felt ripped off after buying &quot;OK Computer&quot; so I was not going to make the same mistake twice. I like Radiohead and I only hope they make another Rock and Roll album soon. Until then I'll continue to listen to &quot;Pablo Honey&quot; and dig it utterly.
B00003CXRM|5.0|Just how it is that hollow and boringly common films like Chocolat and Erin Brockovich got nods for Best Picture over this terrific little film is beyond me.  What a memorable and gorgeous motion picture this is!<br />The stars of 'O Brother' aren't George Clooney, John Turturro, and Tim Blake Nelson.  Nor are they even Joel and Ethan Coen, the masterminds behind the project.  Indeed, the real stars of this film are the music and the cinematography with a supporting effort by the script.  All three are so masterfully crafted that they actually accomplish overtaking outstanding performances by the entire cast and become the stars of the film.<br />Roger Deakins, the genius behind such other aesthetically beautiful films as 'The Shawshank Redemption', 'Kundun', 'The Secret Garden', and several other Coen brothers films, really brings the Depression-era South to life with very dusty earthtones and deep, sun-drenched oranges and yellows.  Deakins' visuals in 'O Brother' are so textured and real that I swear I felt myself sweating along with the chain-gang workers as they sang their worksongs.<br />The legendary T-Bone Burnett oversaw the marvelous music in the film.  By mixing some actual country-blues hits from the era (such as &quot;You Are My Sunshine&quot;, &quot;A Man of Constant Sorrow&quot;, and &quot;Big Rock Candy Mountain&quot;), Burnett provides the Coens' and Deakins a firm and beliveable canvas on which to paint.  As astounding as the visual aspects of 'O Brother' are, the grandeur of the film really rests more on the aural landscaping.  The filmmakers obviously spent a lot of time and money on the music and this effort pays off in big, big ways.<br />The writing is classic Coen.  They (purposely) exaggerate the local dialect (much like they did in Fargo, Raising Arizona, and others) and don't have to rely on cheap sight gags or crude jokes to get laughs.  'O Brother's' laughs aren't bellylaughs, mind you.  Instead, they accomplish subtle humor through thesheer determination - not to mention incompetence, innocence, improbable success, and all-around lovebility - of the Clooney character and his numbskull accomplices.  <br />Of course, the story is loosely based on Homer's &quot;The Odyssey&quot; and the Coens are properly respectful of the epic.  Anybody familiar with that poem will immediately recognize many of the characters and incidents.  And the plotline requires some significant payment of attention - much like Homer's work does.  However, the Coens raise the stakes of fun and spice up the story by using real-life (or near real-life) characters from the Depression:  Babyface Nelson, Robert (aka Tommy) Johnson, Pappy O'Daniel, etal.<br />This film probably isn't so much for the weekend-night-out types as it is for fans of classic literature, early 20th century American history and music buffs, and students or admirers of art-house cinema (though it certainly was something of a mainstream hit).  I think this explains why there seems to be so much dissension in the reviews here.  Viewers seemingly either loved 'O Brother' or hated it.<br />Frankly, I think the music and cinematography alone are enough to deserve a look-see.  Even if they don't know &quot;The Odyssey&quot; or care very much for the typical art-house film, I think most moviegoers will find something about this gem to love.  I imagine the respect and value of 'O Brother, Where Art Thou?' will go markedly up over time.  It's just too special a film to have garnered the relatively small amount of attention and love it has.
B00005B4GU|5.0|After listening to &quot;Amnesiac&quot;, it's not hard to see why the songs from the album and from &quot;Kid A&quot; all stemmed from the same studio sessions. The stuttering electronica and distorted ambience that was present in &quot;Kid A&quot; definitely has a presence here, but it is rather muted and thinned out. This does not take anything anyway from the stunning creativity that this album presents; it continues the fine tradition of groundbreaking music that we have come to expect from Radiohead.<br />Overall, I would definitely say that this album is more accessible than &quot;Kid A&quot; was. While &quot;Kid A&quot; was a more stressing, heavy-laden piece of work, &quot;Amnesiac&quot; seems to be more of a relaxing, lighter-toned album than its older brother was. Songs like &quot;Knives Out&quot; and &quot;Pyramid Song&quot; showcase this new &quot;laidback electronica&quot; that Radiohead has basically invented. Although it does not have that general accessibility that &quot;OK Computer&quot; possessed, &quot;Amnesiac&quot; almost falls between &quot;OK&quot; and &quot;Kid A&quot; in terms of ambience. <br />Maybe Radiohead wanted to see how well the public would take its electronica direction with &quot;Kid A&quot; and decide to release &quot;Amnesiac&quot;, or maybe the songs on the two respective albums just fell into two different kinds. Either way, &quot;Amnesiac&quot; displays a cutting-edge band on the musical verge of something we've never seen before. If you were disappointed with the edginess of &quot;Kid A&quot; after 1997's &quot;OK&quot;, this album will definitely renew your faith in the band. It's Radiohead at its peak performance.
B00003CXDZ|4.0|Although I had heard enough about &quot;Moulin Rouge&quot; before seeing it to assume that I knew what to expect, I was wrong.  From the first frame, this film is completely and continuously surprising.  The camera never stops moving.  The effect is that the filmgoer is literally, physically drawn into the film, if not dragged into the film.  This is the musical that is supposed to redefine musicals.  This is done by the use of contemporary songs.  So we have &quot;The Sound of Music&quot; being sung in 1899 Paris, which is jarring.  Jarring can be good.  The cinematography is jarring and it is wonderful.  The singing and dancing is also wonderful at times, awful at times, hysterically inappropriate at times.  Not everything works.  But nothing bores.  And nothing is routine.  Except for the ending.  I want a different ending.  I want it to end with a splashy production number from the &quot;Moulin Rouge&quot;.  But they didn't ask me to direct.  Seriously, folks, this is an important film.
B00003CXP1|3.0|What attracted me to this movie was the soundtrack, which was probably the single most incredible soundtrack I'd ever heard.  I have heard good soundtracks - but those are usually a random collection of songs by various artists which compliment a movie well, but this is a proper score.<BR> It's a score unlike anything else I've ever heard, and it was enough to keep me enthralled when I finally got around to watching the movie it belonged to.<BR> However, the movie itself isn't so great.  The theme is somewhat interesting - that what seems like the catalyst to make all your dreams come true is in actually the thing that will ruin your life, but there is very little in the plot that hasn't been seen before.<br /> In short, this is a drug movie.  You can expect junkies making bad decisions, acting stupidly and generally ruining their lives when it seems obvious to the audience what the right choices would be.<BR> What saves the movie is the downward spiral of Sarah Goldfarb, and old woman who becomes addicted to speed.  It is a strange situation, since durgs and geriatrics aren't often aligned in such a way, and also very disturbing, as the world around her becomes increasingly skewed as the movie winds on.  This footage alone is enough to scare anyone away from hallucinogens for at least a week.<br /> Overall, the movie is worth watching once, and the soundtrack worth listening to numerous times.  Worth buying, in fact.
B000003BEV|5.0|Alright, i don't exactly know why this album gets so many damned bad reviews, perhaps it's a vicious circle that critics have followed since it's release or something.  But, as for me, I think this is one of the Stones' finest achievements by far, it may not be &quot;typical stones&quot;, but I think it's an excellent album nonetheless.  It falls short of sargeant pepper obviously, but it's a GREAT album!  Citadel, 2000 Light Years From Home, In Another Land and She's A Rainbow highlight the album, but it's good all around.  If you take the cliche idea you have of the stones and throw it out the window and just listen to this as if it were a different group you will love it.  It's got the playfullness of syd barrett and the psychedelic rock experience exhibited by the likes of the beatles and jimi hendrix.<br />People compare this album to sargeant pepper, and I agree that they are alike in the make up of the album in general, especially the cover and the instruments used (mellotron, harpsichord, etc.).  But when you really think about it, Pepper wasn't &quot;normal&quot; beatles stuff either, when pepper first came out it was so different from what beatle fans were used to that it was odd.  So if you look at it like that, it's not hard to enjoy this album at all.  So basically to sum up this long review, 5 stars, 12 thumbs up and i think this is one of the best stones albums ever engineered.
B000000OAL|5.0|Sadly, Queen has always been merited by their FM friendly hits rather than by the qualities of their albums.  Believe me, there is much more to Queen than what comes out of radio waves or VH 1!  <br />Rather than buying greatest hits compilations you should obtain studio albums that cover various stages of their prolific career.  Queen I is in this respect among the essential first. <br />&quot;Queen&quot; is a heavy metal album, and a defining one at that.  Brian May's guitar is brutal throughout.  Roger Taylor's drumming is frantic, yet to the point.  Freddie Mercury's qualities go without saying and John Deacon's bass is fat and steady in the best John Paul Jones and Entwistle tradition.  <br />The production is of course not as crisp as any of the later albums, but this is not necessarily a drawback.  Gives the tunes all the more a rougher, livelier edge.  The album has this undefinable energetic, youthful and earnest pulse to it. Makes your blood boil! <br />The songs: &quot;Keep yourself alive&quot; - catchy hard rock anthem and a stage favorite for years.  Addictive guitar riff!!<br />&quot;Doing Allright&quot; - Angelic voice and piano from Freddie during opening bars serve as ominous &quot;quiet before the storm&quot; passage as Brian May furisously roars in with axe attacks all over the place.  <br />&quot;Great King Rat&quot; - Heavy metal crunch with numerous themes and mother riffs.  Heroic Mercury.<br />&quot;My Fairy King&quot; - Art pop-rock.  Dreamy listening sensation as piano sounds, drums and guitars effortlessly seem to melt together towards the end of the track.<br />&quot;Liar&quot; - This is my favorite Queen song...period.  A loud mixture of styles, but with feet solidly planted on heavy metal soil. THIS IS WHAT QUEEN WAS ALL ABOUT! <br />&quot;Night Comes Down&quot; - This acoustic ballad kicks off and ends with eerie acoustic guitar runs.  The ballad makes a nice balancing contrast to the otherwise loud album.<br />&quot;Modern Times Rock'N'Roll - This track is every bit as wild as &quot;Sheer Heart Attack&quot; on News of the World. Fast and furious.  Great guitar solos.<br />&quot;Son And Daughter&quot; - Led Zep like Heavy Blues tune with one of the finest guitar riffs in rock history<br />&quot;Jesus&quot; - March like hard rock tribute to Christ.  Fast instrumental mid section.  <br />&quot;Seven Seas of Rhye&quot; - A short prelude to the UK top 10 hit featured on Queen II.<br />Essential!  PLAY LOUD!!
0553277472|2.0|&quot;Zen and the Art..&quot; is certainly a different kind of book.  Personally, I couldn't get thru the entire novel.  At pg 248, I just gave up.  Phaedrus' rants about &quot;Quality&quot; are just horrible.  It does give some good insights, no doubt about that; however, the author seems to take odd paths and use the novel with some propaganda means as well. (for ex. Sylvia and John need technology but can't work with it/understand it).  This novel is different from others I have read, but a good read if you're up to the challenge. I would say give it a try up to 150 pgs. if you don't like it after that, then quit because you're not going to like the rest of the novel at all.
0060392886|5.0|This book is a must have for any music fan! It is a no holds barred account of the pursuit for rock n roll fame and fortune, but also a very detailed, personal account of the journey of each member of the Crue to get where they are now. MOTLEY CRUE definately derserve the title of the GREATEST ROCK N ROLL BAND OF ALL TIME!
B000002A3T|2.0|Okay, setting the record straight:  Post Waters floyd after Waters left was not Pink Floyd.  Roger Waters on his own was not Pink Floyd.  They could gel when they were together, but when they were apart, neither could really cut it. This album tries VERY HARD to putting the pieces back together, but fails after a very tiring collection of drawn out pieces that seem to remind us, by using chords from earlier songs, of the floyd that once was.<br />First of all, the album is just too ambitious.  The best Pink Floyd albums we're ambitious, but they had a certain raw quality to them that worked.  Then, it was something that hadn't been done before, so they gave it a try and it worked.  Now, it's something that's been done to death and there's no need to try and overdo it, like this album does.<br />This album has a couple good tracks.  A Great Day For Freedom and High Hopes, for example seem to have that epic scope of Floyd long gone, while the former has a certain light political charge that reminds us that floyd was always more than a rock band.<br />The album does good on the instrumental track on the beginning to try and create an atmosphere for the album, something floyd is known for, but falls short with the lackluster What Do You Want From Me, which sounds like some Pink Floyd covers band remaking an old Floyd track.  Poles Apart and Take It Back sound like Pink Floyd trying to go pop.  Take it Back would've done better on U2 record with it's chorus sounding very similar to something you might find on the Joshua Tree only without much consideration for quality or Brian Eno to make it work.<br />Keep Talking is the ultimate examle of too much ambition, from the intro from Dr. Stephen Hawking to it's fin de sicle lyrics.  Where Pink Floyd was once political, they now become preachy. <br />Wearing the Inside Out and Lost for Words are just wretched.  Especially Lost for Words.  The song, an attempt to write a little mini story, sounds childish and the vocal just horrible.  Though the title describes the song well.<br />Where the first song (with lyrics) begs floyd fans for a chance (what do you want from me) the last song is supposed to be a glimpse of what floyd could be (high hopes) which is actually a very good song with a great melody, great sense of tone, and the ominous lyrics about an uncertain future.  I would've been sold if the album could've been like that.<br />So let's end the debate of waters vs. gilmour and just beg all of them to get along and give up trying to milk it on their own, because neither can, and get them to write together again, cos that's what makes a good Pink Floyd album.
B00005BJ2O|5.0|This soundtrack is SOO amazing!!  I came in to the movie hating Nicole Kidman, thinking that she was an ice queen - but after seeing the movie, I totally respect her as both an actress and a singer.  She is one elegant and classy actress!  The movie brings you to a magical world where all your troubles are forgotten and you totally dive in to the music and the scenery.  After seeing it for the first time, I am going with at leat 5 of my other friends who have also seen the movieand we are all going to watch it again for the 2nd time.  I bought the soundtrack immediately after seeing it and it only made me love the movie MORE! It accentuates to the experience of the movie.  I loved Kidman's voice -so soft and pure!  My fave tracks included #4 Sparlkling Diamond, #6 Your Song, #8 One Day I'll Fly Away, #10 Elephant Love Medeley and #11 Come What May.<br />I suggest to anyone who has seen the movie and loved it to go out and buy the CD.  I promise you that you won't regret it.<br />Bring the whole musical movie experience right to your stereo!
B00005BJ2O|3.0|First of all I loved loved loved the movie.  I've seen it three times (and it's only been out a week and a half)<br />I am disappointed witht the CD.  Several of the songs are by the original artists (not really from the soundtrack)<br />The men's chorus rendition of 'like a virgin' is missing completely.<br />Also the scence in which the actors describe the 'spectacular spectacular' show to the Duke (sung to the melody of classic can can music) is missing.<br />I gave the CD 3 stars because of it's three best tracks...<br />Elephant Love Medley<br />Someday I'll fly away (Nicole Kidman sings her a** off)<br />Tango de Roxanne<br />If you haven't seen this movie, SEE IT you'll Love it!
B0000025ZF|4.0|Now that I have the whole thing, I can understand why I only was given the first half on tape.  From the start to &quot;The Remains of Our Love&quot; there is definite cohesion and smooth transitions which make it feel like one fantastic song.  However, from &quot;Go Fishing&quot; on, I feel like he just wanted to add filler.  That is why you hear melodies from other works like &quot;In the Flesh&quot; from The Wall.  Some cohesion is still there, but it just doesn't flow with the first half IMHO.  Upon reading another review here, I did get Amused to Death.  It is definitely a more complete album and worth getting.  All in all, The Pros and Cons of Hitch Hiking is still a great piece of work, and well worth the money to get.
B00003CXRP|4.0|Perhaps half the people giving this film a bad review actually believe the title of the movie is the first one. Okay, put on your glasses and look again: That's right. There is a space between Cast and Away.<br />Still don't get it? Then I have to say you are unable to view a piece of art objectively. This film is full of symbolism (maybe far too subtle for you guys who think this film is disappointing and awkwardly paced) and deliberation of creating spacial and chronical gap. Those who claimed the jump of four years is too sudden to make us sympathise with the character? To be honest if more scenes were included you would start whining that it is too long and boring. When a person is utterly alone on an island, having to learn how to survive from the ground up, time and space do not make sense. The four-year gap created just that.<br />Tom Hanks performance? He is clearly robbed off an Oscar. Not that Russell Crowe is bad, but because Hanks is far more superior. The comments about he was overacting toward Wilson? Imagine if there is anyone else doing the exact same thing to a ball and still make you laugh, at the same time, break your heart. During the time on the island, there are no background music nor spetacular action sequence to keep our attention span running but Hanks' sole performance. Do you still think he is overrated? In the beginning he has already established his personality as this 'must-do-it-right' workaholic, and that last box he did not open is a mission that he needs to accomplish (notice that he only found it after he was settled on the island?) This unopened box is his hope. His hope back to where he was from.<br />Think the ending is disappointing? Of course it is. It is the predicament of life (anyone recall the last scene of the movie?). Nothing in real life is always satisfying, and Cast Away tells us exactly that. At first it mercilessly strips us apart from the civilized materialism, then gives us hope and makes us strong. It shows us the majesty of mother nature and the struggle against the odds. It eventually takes us to where we are so used to call home and shatters us with the inevitiable truth of reality, of how cruel time could be. Finally, it reminds us how tiny we seem when standing in the middle of cross road, yet the hope is still vastly endless.<br />We don't need to know what is in the box, just as we never need to find out what was stored in your neighbor's ice box. He achieved his mission of delivering the box back to its owner, (despite it disobeyed the over-night promise by FedEx) and that is what really matters.<br />If you still don't get it, never mind. You've wasted your time watching a movie you pretend to understand and now you've wasted time reading what I have said. My sincere apology. See you and your like-minded friends at the premier of &quot;I forgot what you did last summer&quot;.
B00000JY1X|5.0|Sometime last year, I commited myself to write a paper taking a look at love from a variety of different viewpoints.  It was, after all, a research project.  I was faced with the obstacle of never being in love and too often deceived by media representations.  So I started with something simple:  There are the obvious observations we usually look at - physical, psychological, or love by tradition, but what about all the other ways of looking at them.  There are probably hundreds or thousands of them, but Merrit came to my rescue by pinpointing a possible 69.<br />And maybe not, but he created a joyous expidition into the feelings one can have about a significant other.  And as we find with Merrit, we all have different ways of loving.  The opener is the lure of the album - Absolutely Cuckoo, where the lover stumbles in with a sole ukelele, madly in love and crazy of the object of his affection. Merrit later contrasts the character in this song with more cynical approach towards love with &quot;I'm Crazy for You But not That Crazy,&quot; where the speaker suggests that this romantic stuff is passe and that maybe we ought to be more relastic.  <br />What's great though is that Merrit does it well.  The music is simplistic, but also very melodic.  It seems over the top and the production is great, but it's purely the musical genius of Merrit, who weaves his way through all the different emotions through a diverse selection of music and easily consumable, catchy, sometimes sad and sometimes hilarious lyrics.<br />One of the easy standouts on the album is the track, I Don't Wanna Get Over You, easily one of the best breakup songs on the market, spotting the first feelings of being dumped, referenced in the title, but it also pinpoints that certain panic period where one may, as Merrit suggests, &quot;make a career of being blue, dress in black and read camus, smoke clove cigarettes and drink vermouth.&quot;  <br />There's at least one song everyone can relate to throughthe three cds and laugh at their past experiences, like the ironically titled &quot;Luckiest Guy on The Lower East Side&quot; describing the later self dubbed ugliest guy on the lower east side.  <br />Merrit swings through every musical style through the 3 cd set from goth with &quot;The Cactus Where Your Heart Should Be&quot; to a sentimental slow pop song with &quot;Nothing Matters when We're Dancing&quot; to country with &quot;Papa Was A Rodeo,&quot; jazz with &quot;Love is Like Jazz,&quot; or the instant synth pop classic &quot;Long Forgotten Fairytale.&quot;<br />You may not instantly get it.  The music may not instantly reach out to you. Then, when you hear the opus Punk Love, you'll say to yourself, &quot;That must be what it's like when your a punk, and your in love - quick without much to say.&quot;
B00004Z459|5.0|I got this CD last February.  I heard a song on the radio and liked the sound.  So often that \\"one song\\" that plays on the radio is the whole shooting match--the rest of the album is like soy burgers-they may look real but it tastes [bad].  Boy was I surprized when I played this CD.  This album is all number one hits. It will be THE album you'll hear at the beach.  I love to [turn]it up while driving around.  If you like hard music, great sounds, and good times--you'll love this album.
B00003CXN4|5.0|Benicio Del Toro gives an amazing performance in this film about the war against drugs.  I usually do not enjoy movies in which the story jumps back and forth between characters, but this film works.  The movie is engrossing from start to finish, especially the final shot which I think is a great way to end the movie.  I highly recommend Traffic!
0385501560|4.0|I like Chuck Palahniuk's work because it's not the same old New York yuppie baloney or quiet domestic melodramas that the bookstores seem to be so full of these days. I've found a new writer who I think Palahniuk fans will love--his name is Brady Udall and he's written a book called THE MIRACLE LIFE OF EDGAR MINT. It's umcompromising and sharp, much like CHOKE, but it also has heart and guts to spare. Do yourself a favor and check out EDGAR MINT--you won't be disappointed.
B00004U30D|4.0|I love watching movies, but when I read the back of the box on this Oscar-winning movie, it just did not appeal to me. So, I asked around before watching. And, boy, did I get mixed reviews:<br />&quot;outstanding&quot; &quot;morbid&quot; &quot;amazing&quot; &quot;depressing&quot;<br /> and above all: &quot;weird&quot;<br />But, fortunately, I am my own person, so I watched it. It was surprising. Spacey gave a brilliant performance, and I was surprised by Thora Birch, whom I always seem to visualize as &quot;Danni&quot; in Hocus Pocus. She gave an amazing, coming-of-age performance as Spacey's daughter.<br />This movie is so moving, so realistic that I can't help wondering...<br />will this ever be my dad?
B00005B4GU|4.0|I first began listening to Radiohead when I picked up &quot;Ok Computer&quot;, and soon after picked up their earlier releases and became a fan.The sound on this album is incredible.It's very mellow and ambient, full of far out there effects.While the comparisons to Kid A are somewhat valid, this album is for the most totally different.Thom's vocals drift off in the background while the instruments dominate the entire aural sense you'll experiance.<br />For some people, the sound of this album will be hard to accept, but afte a few listen ( I've listen to it about 4 times since buying it 24 hours ago) it'll easily grow on you.This isn't the kind of record you put out during a party or upbeat moment though.My advice is to sit in a dark room, set up some twisting blue lights and listen to the album.<br />If there's one drawback, it's the fact that it's only about 45 minutes long, an album like this should drift about your body for at least an hour.Oh well...
B000002BYD|4.0|This album is definately one of their best.  The only album of theirs that can compete with this one is Vitalogy, which is their best album.  Brain Of J. kicks off the album with a fast, quick beat, then ends up leading into one of the best songs on the album, Faithfull. This song starts off slow and then gets picked up into an epic chorus.  Do The Evolution is a loud power rocker, and is sort of fun to listen to.  Ballads such as In Hiding and All Those Yesterdays remain two of the best songs on the album.  Don't expect to find any hit singles on this one.  This is just the band laying back having fun in the studio.  This isn't s great record in the least, but definately worth buying.
B000002UB3|5.0|This is one of, if not the best Beatles album!  It has everything you could ever want in an album...from heavy metal (&quot;I Want You) to ballads (&quot;Something&quot;)...and just plain fun songs (&quot;Octopuses Garden&quot;). The way the second half is like on big song is great!  What a way for the greatest band ever to make their exit!
B00003CXDZ|4.0|This is a story about life.  And about the artists who congregated in Paris in 1900, living a bohemian lifestyle and giving the world the fruits of their labor, of their art, for which they would gladly bleed and die.  But mostly this is a story about love.  Of a young man named Christian, a penniless writer, and a singer named Satine, who for a moment came together and tasted the nectar of the gods.  \\"Moulin Rouge,\\" written and directed by Baz Luhrmann, takes you into a world that is bright and brilliant, fast and flashy and filled with all of the things that make life worth living.  It's a fantasy world of song and color, of soaring hearts and aspirations-- but also of the reality upon which the illusion of it all is built.  And the effects of that reality on Christian and Satine, whose love has been forbidden by that same reality they seek to dispel by impaling it with the artistic endeavors that give them life.<br /> If Disney had commissioned a film to be written by Shakespeare, directed by Fellini and produced by Spielberg, this would be it.  It's a dizzying, whirling burst of lights, colors, music, drama and comedy that assails the senses and will hold you spellbound from beginning to end.  Like the bohemians he portrays, Luhrmann leaves convention behind and dips instead into his own inspired and highly imaginative formula to tell his story.  The cinematography (by Donald McAlpine) and art direction (by Ann-Marie Beauchamp and Ian Gracie) are brilliant, as well as the production design (by Catherine Martin) and the sets (by Brigitte Broch).  One of the many inspired touches Luhrmann employs here, is the use of different film speeds throughout, which, when combined with the superlative, quick-cut editing (by Jill Bilcock), makes it all transporting and surreal.  <br /> Ewan McGregor turns is a terrific performance as Christian, the young man who arrives in Paris with nothing more than spirit and a head filled with ideas and ideals.  When artistic differencesleaves Zidler (Jim Broadbent), proprietor of the Moulin Rouge, without a writer for a new show, \\"Spectacular, Spectacular,\\" Christian steps in.  And so does McGregor, who shines in the part.  And the boy can sing!  He may not have the greatest voice in the world, but it's a good \\"stage voice,\\" and most importantly, he can sell a song, as evidenced by the scene in which he puts across Elton John's \\"Your Song.\\"  McGregor has a charismatic screen presence, and in this role he really gets a chance to demonstrate his versatility as an actor.<br /> As Satine, Nicole Kidman is saucy and sensuous, bringing her character vividly to life, this woman who makes her living by being every man's fantasy as she sings and sashays her way through this world of the Moulin Rouge.  In her heart, she longs to be a serious actress, and if this new show is a success, she just may get her chance.  But first, the show needs someone to finance the lavish production.  They may have one-- the Duke of Worcester (Richard Roxburgh), has expressed interest, but he has one condition.  If he pays for the show he wants something in return (besides a profit on his investment).  He wants Satine.  But so does Christian, who has nothing to offer the show but his talent, and nothing for Satine but his love.  Zidler, meanwhile, aware of the Duke's demands, urges Satine to turn her back on Christian, to \\"save him.\\"  And beyond and besides all that is happening, there is something else going on with Satine, something more personal, that ultimately will have an effect on the outcome of the dilemma for all concerned.  <br /> The supporting cast includes John Leguizamo (Toulouse Lautrec), Kylie Minogue (The Green Fairy), Garry McDonald (Doctor), Jacek Koman (The Narcoleptic Argentinean), Matthew Whittet (Satie), Kerry Walker (Marie) and Laszlo Lukas (Conductor).  With an eye for detail and his imagination thrust into overdrive, Luhrmann has put together and delivered one of the brightest films to come along in quite awhile.  \\"Moulin Rouge\\" is an explosion of sights and sounds, a film laced with humor and visual largess that holds a poignant and dramatic story at it's heart.  Entertaining and thoroughly enjoyable, this is a memorable film and a satisfying movie-going experience.  It's a story about love; a story told through the magic of the movies.
B00003CXDZ|1.0|This movie was loud, annoying, confused and lacked subject!  In one word:  STUPID!
B00005BJ2O|5.0|You must love musicals to love this, but the movie was terrific and the soundtrack is even better. I recommend seeing the movie so the songs on the soundtrack will really come to life for you. And, can Ewan sing, or what... and Nicole, who knew.
0451169514|5.0|That is not a title I give away easily.  I became a King fan in the early 90's with books like Needful Things, Gerald's Game, Insomnia, etc.  I have recently gone back and started rading his early work.  My personal favorite used to be &quot;Executive Orders&quot; by Tom Clancy and prior to that the &quot;Myth&quot; series by Robert Asprin.  But &quot;IT&quot; was unbelievable.  When I finished the book I was actually sad that it was over. During the course of being scared by an unstoppable foe, you grow to like, then love all the member's of the loser's club. You feel like you grew up with them and King's writing makes you feel like you went through all their battles with them. I found myself reading until 1 or 2 o'clock in the morning and then getting up at 6 o'clock in the morning to start reading again.  Several weeks later, I find I still contemplate this book and his characters.  <br />No matter what type of fiction you like to read, this is a must read book.
B000002UBU|5.0|There's not one word of American Pie that I don't know and not a day goes by I don't thank Don for bringing his music to us.  His song Crossroads even found its way into the memorial ceremony for the untimely death of my fifteen year old daughter four years ago.  Even at her age she was raised on Don McLeans wonderful talents. His song Crossroads also from the album American Pie is a beautiful piece of art. If you are not familiar with it just sit back and listen.  Mr. McLean thank you for being a part of our lives. You've made it all worth it. When you leave us, for me, that will be the day the music dies.
B00003CXN4|4.0|Recently, I bought the DVD to the film &quot;Traffic&quot; that I had been waiting for since I first saw the movie in theatres. The film was so impacting and all the issues that were brought up in the film stayed in my mind for a long time after watching it. Director Steven soderbergh and screenwriter Stephen Gaghan created a masterpiece when they made this film. I had not seen a film like that before, especially with the type of filmmaking that Soderbergh used in each of the three stories that were in the film and the way it showed the butal reality of how drugs can affect anyone. Now, moving on to why I only gave the film's DVD four instead of five stars. I gave this DVD this many stars because I am very disappointed with the extras on it. There is only the Theatrical and Teaser trailers, the TV spots, about a 15 minute behind the scenes feature and a photo gallery. That's all. Where are the commentary tracks or the deleted scenes? I guess director Steven Soderbergh is busy shooting his other film &quot;Oceans Eleven&quot; so it tis understandable that he may not have had time to put these extras on, but it still would have been nice to have those extras. But still, if you liked the film definitely buy the DVD because the movie is worth every penny.
6302994063|5.0|The movie starts with a &quot;documentary&quot; flavor that really brings out the melodrama in this film. This movie has a little bit for everyone - teenage &quot;rebelion&quot;, romance, anti-establishment, good guys and bad guys, and a hero that everyone pulls for!
B000000993|3.0|And overall an average album. This was recorded during the time in which Tool still hasnt crossed the fine line between writing music and creating all compassing art. While still very listenable by everyone and essential for Tool fans, I recommend starting with \\"Aenima\\" moving on to \\"Lateralus\\" checking out Tools third best album \\"Opiate\\" for its raw emotion and then listening to this album. This album is mostly average metal with a few gems. The music isnt really that catchy or unique either. The lyrics and gems save it from being less than average. I'm going to do a song by song review as that is what *I* find most helpful-<br />1.) Intolerance - As tool mostly has very meaningful lyrics so does this, however this song is straight out in the open and not cryptic like others. Hard, Crisp, Clear, Straight to the point<br />2.) Prison..- Some say that this and Sober are two of Tools best...I tend to disagree. I like the intro..thats neat. average song. <br />3.) Sober - Basically just a [messed] up, dark, pop song. average<br />4.) Bottom - Another Average tool song. Rollins does a speaking part in the middle of the song.<br />5.) Crawl Away - Hard song. Recorded originally before Opiate. I really like this song..especially the \\"This is love\\" segment. A gem. <br />6.) Swamp Song - Mindless, swearing for no reason. below average.<br />7.) Undertow - ...blah...blah..average. <br />8.) Four Degrees - Good song musically, and Maynards voice is execellent during the \\"Four degrees, Four degrees warmer segment\\" ... Disturbing if you read the lyrics and figure out what its about <br />9.) Flood - A gem. Dark. Towers over you. The Introduction is flawless and frightening. Wonderful song. <br />69.) Discustipated - Well, its either utter stupidity or trying to be too artsy or trying to be funny. I dont know. Its good once, just not for repeated listening. <br />Burrow this CD off a friend if your not a hardcore tool fan. If you are buy it.
0920668364|1.0|This book is sweet and touching if you happen to be trying to explain the cycle of life and death to your toddler (that is,that one day you will die and they will too). Otherwise, I think it's completely inappropriate for young children. It's sad and depressing. Reading time should be fun for kids. While we may want them to ask questions and experience a wide range of emotions, this book only serves to give them an insecure, queasy feeling that they are too young to name. I don't know about you, but that's not the reaction I'm aiming for when I read to my kids. I know others have said it but believe me, it bares repeating. This book is creepy.
B00003CXN4|4.0|&quot;Traffic&quot; is one of those films that you will never forget. From the acting to the locations to simply the way each story was made, it is easily one of the best films of the year. &quot;Traffic&quot; follows three interrelated stories into the the very real world of drugs. One story follows Benicio Del Toro as a Mexican policeman who becomes involved with his partner in a web of lies. The second: two DEA agents who work to bring down a San Diego Drug Trafficker. The third: The new drug-czar(Michael Douglas) has to deal his daughter's problem with drugs. This film shows that drugs can be everywhere no matter the setting. The screenplay written by &quot;Rules of Engagement&quot; writer Stephen Gaghan is very real with a variety of characters that are all connected to the drug world. &quot;Traffic&quot; is based on an English series which followed drug trafficking. The fact that it was easy to translate into the trafficking in North America shows that this is a world wide problem. The director's viewpoint is that taking drugs is not a criminal offense but a disease. Throughout this film, we realize that drug dealers are helped more than hurt by the drug war because as the product decreases in amount, the quality and the price grow. This DVD joins the collection of films released which were not given proper extras because the director did not have the time to add commentary and deleted scenes. The best extra on this DVD is the teaser trailer with the line &quot;No One Gets Away Clean&quot;. It's unfortunate that the much wanted extras were nowhere to be found but this film is definitely worth adding to your collection.
6304244304|4.0|... this is a film worth seeing.  It is, in many respects, a modern fable about the evils of communism and its chiliastic inclinations.  Brando's \\"experiments\\" and use of fear and terror to generate a facade of benevolent rule, as well as his attempt to displace God and act as such himself, suggests the sort of hubris characteristic of modern centralized States.  The assumption that in order for one to be healed of one's imperfection or sickness requires an enlightened class utilizing science and planning, creates the conditions necessary for the distortions of the good that result: things are only made worse and \\"men\\" turned more savage as Dr. Moreau insists on creating a solution for their condition.  Using psychological conditioning methods, intimidation, and coercion -- staples of communists States -- Moreau effectively de-personalizes his subjects, removing any hope or sense of the future from them.  The result is predictable: a destructive nihilism that, because it has been cultivated in the apostasy of modernism and totalitarianism, carries the day.
B00000JCB2|3.0|Lets just say that this CD is mindless energy. The hooks may be simplistic yet even limps worst enemies cannot claim that they dont make you want to move. yes, this music is good for parties and driving. something in the background to enjoy with your friends. you dont have to ponder the music or think to much. the lyrics are utterly stupid. that doesnt mean the CD has to suck. its better than average. and dont call Limp Bizkit sellouts. anyone who even uses that term should probly listen to Tools song &quot;Hooker with a p*nis&quot; every band puts out records to make money. if they were truly doing it purely for the fans they would give away the CD. and its societys fault for making them popular not there own. so dont sling names that mean nothing. Listening to break stuff in the rain going 80 mph at midnight is great :)
0345350499|5.0|omg. this is the best book i have ever read. it's invocative, exciting, mystical, magical, secretiv, and sexy. it has everything that a great book should have. it is exceptional in every way.
B00005IBGQ|1.0|I really enjoyed his first CD but his second is too much like his first.
B0000541VS|5.0|Like &quot;Disclosure&quot;, &quot;Sleepers&quot; is the case of another movie where I can say that both the book and the film are of equal quality. I have read the book several times and still enjoy reading it. Sharp observers, however, will note the fair amount of dialogue in the movie which---for lack of a better way to put it---sounds like it's been lifted right from the book. Depending on your point of view, that can be either a good thing or a bad thing, I guess. Examples would include: Nokes's death at the hands of the adult John &amp; Tommy in the bar, the hot dog cart scenes, and the football game. Despite all of my nitpickings, this is still a great dramatic flick. And no, the sadism scenes are not nearly as graphic as their depiction in the book.
0446677450|5.0|That's what the &quot;Suggested Reading&quot; suggestion is for at the back of the book. There he lists the books you should read *next*. Consider RCPD an overall roadmap to financial literacy and success. Then, for more specialized knowledge, read the books he suggests. No single author could cover everything in one book.
0140177396|4.0|The book show the real life of two men. One who are crazy and another who try to survive and helped his crazy friend.  It show's the real world of our times, but in another century.
B000002UAR|5.0|First of all, anyone who gives Revolver (or any Beatles album for that matter) less than 5 stars is, in short, out of their minds!  Revolver is a seamless piece of art, and wasn't voted by VH1 to be the #1 album of all time for nothing.  The Beatles were the most innovative and groundbreaking artists ever, and over thirty years on, do not sound dated (The fact that I am a beatlemaniac and was born 15 years after they broke up is proof enough).  Lennon and McCartney are the quintessential songwriters of rock, and to prove it there's &quot;Eleanor Rigby,&quot; &quot;Here, There, and Everywhere,&quot; and &quot;I'm Only Sleeping.&quot;  And of course, the music is perfectly performed and produced.  Revolver also shows the amazing musical diversity of the Beatles, from mournful ballads like &quot;Eleanor Rigby,&quot; to Indian-flavored pieces like &quot;Love You To,&quot; and acidic rockers like &quot;She Said She Said.&quot;  What else can I say?  Revolver is a masterpiece, and everyone should own a copy (also check out Abbey Road and Rubber Soul).
B00004XOWM|1.0|I am very dissipointed in Limp for this cd I mean, Sicnificant Other wasn't the greatest cd in the world but it was a hell of alot better then this.The only song that saves the CD is \\"My Way\\" but that gets slaughtered when some DJ starts saying Cheak out the Melody like 500 times. However, I should of seen it coming ever since there 3 dollar bill days they have just gotten worse if you want a good Limp cd cheak out \\"Three Dollar Bill for Y'all\\" not this stuff that cd was the best they ever made.
B000003BEV|1.0|This Rolling Stones album was put out as an answer to St. Pepper's by the Beatles.  Keith Richards of the Stones said it was a horrible album.  I have to agree with his opinion.  It was clear that the Stones had *no clue* what they were doing when they made this album.  In short, it's a mess!  I bought it out of curiosity, and it was a huge mistake.
B00004Z511|5.0|I first heard radio with creep i loved it the album lost me i listened 1 time and didnt try again then FPres loved it album lost me 2nd listen i loved i heard the beuty in stret spirit one of thier best works the feelings the emotion.Face it its not happy music if you dont like this then sell it to a used CD place and go listen to your Nsync bsb bullcrap music .If you dont like KidA your wrong and you cant comprehend but theres still hope buy some headphones krank the volume and immerse yourself in love i will never grow tired of this album LTD edition is worth it too the art the words if your a real fan and you love the message buy them both. otherwise there big FU to praise and fortune has made a bigger fan out of me this album is a must own.
B00005BF9Z|5.0|If you haven't heard Manu Chao before, get ready for a trip around the world with an artist that incarnates creative freedom, and for the most fun you've had in a long time, listening to music. If you listened to his first solo album, 'Clandestino,' you'll find some of the tracks in this album to bear a resemblance with it, but don't be wrong: this guy is reinvents himself once and again, deconstructing and rebuilding his own past work.<br /> He touches the most serious topics (Mad Cow disease and promiscuity just to name two), but in a very fun way, just like he did when he was lead singer of Mano Negra (a band definitely worth listening). He also continues to borrow from many languages (Spanish, Portuguese, French, English), rhythms and styles that you'll find yourself following a reggae, after having listened to a song that closely resembles the tune in a musical box.<br /> My favorite from the album, &quot;Me Gustas Tu&quot;.
B00005BCNC|5.0|When I first learned that Tom Hanks was making a movie called Castaway I thought &quot;Oh no not another Robinson Crusoe ripoff&quot;  I was wrong.  This is one of the best films I have ever seen in my life.  Tom Hanks is a fantastic Actor who pushes his acting talent to the very limit and beyond.  Its too bad he didint win best actor at the academy awards.  The film itself is excelent.  At first you are treated to Tom fussing about in Russia, eating a gigantic dinner and getting a birthday gift.  All the wile you are waiting for the fantastic Island sequences.  Well trust me its worth it.  The plane crash sequence is the most realistic and frightining crash I have ever seen.  The rest of the film is excellent.  I could go on blabbering about the island, toms acting but a few things stand out above the rest.  The music (All 10 minutes of it) is very good but made me wish for more.  Wilson the vollyball is one of the finest actors hollywood has ever seen.  He has solid acting, a great expression and a great guy all around.  He should have won best supporting actor at the academy awards.  However I should point out this movies 2 flaws.  The first is that some sequences are too scary or too grusome for anyone under 14, heck Im 14 and I had trouble ingesting this stuff.  Tom getting scrapped against the coral, Tom getting a really big splinter in his hand in graphic detail, and (Shudder) the skating shoe in the mouth moment is one of the most painfull scenes I have ever had to watch.  The ending is a big letdown and dissapointing.  But both of those dont flaw this other wise masterpiece movie.<br />The Good: Tom Hanks acting is superb.  Wilson the Vollyball is a great supporting actor.  Lots of funny moments, very exciting and well done movie.<br />The Bad: Some sequences are grusome and hard to watch, what happens to Wilson is really really sad.  Only 10 minutes of music? Boo.  <br />And the Ugly: The Ending is a real letdown
B00004SCX6|1.0|How she got a record contract is beyond me. She needs to be spending her time on singing lessons than making this crap. When is she going to face the fact that she has NO TALENT? The cover of &quot;satisfaction&quot; was utterly repulsive! Who gave permission to let her remake that song? She completely butchered it with her &quot;uh&quot; between each word. Also if you put the song &quot;Oops!..I Did It Again&quot; and &quot;Baby, One More Time&quot; you can hear that they are exactly the same. Can't you realize that? STOP WASTING YOUR TIME ON BRITNEY SPEARS. Why can't we give record contracts for those who deserve it? IF YOU OWN THIS ALBUM, I HOPE YOU HAVE TROUBLE SLEEPING AT NIGHT!
B0000026JR|4.0|This is a little later in their career, but of the later releases this is a rocker. Great fast riffs and catchy chorus'. It only rates a 4 because I prefer Fire Down Under the best followed by Rock City. This is a great cd though, and if you like Riot I wouldn't miss this one - and it's priced well too.
B00005AR3G|5.0|If you love David Spade's sense of humor and Disney's animation  magic, this movie is for you. You'll find it to be a big departure from the typical Disney sense of humor, and being more leaning to the side of the Spade style of humor, but in my mind that is a major plus.<br /> On a side note, Yzma, the evil sorceress that can't be missing from a Disney movie easily is one of the funniest ones I've ever seen.<br /> In general, there are very few moments when you don't laugh your heart out.
B00005B4GU|2.0|a tad disappointed with this cd. i wasn't expecting ok computer and certainly not the bends, but thought that maybe there would be a few good songs on this album with a lot of emotion that ive come to love in radiohead. no surprises was and still is one of radioheads finest songs largely in part i think because of thoms strong voice in the bridge and that certain level of emotion exerted by the whole band. i dont hear that in any of the songs on amnesiac except perhaps you and whose army? i suppose radiohead is moving in a new direction just as the beatles did with sgt peppers and the beach boys did with pet sounds but these bands were way ahead of their time. people are already doing music like this, ok computer was a new wave of music mixing different electronical elements with rock, that was radiohead amnesiac isnt. id never thought about it before until i read it in a previous review but maybe this is the end of what could have been one of the greatest bands of all time.
B000002NHN|5.0|Book of Secrets is Loreena McKennitt's best so far. Her haunting vocals matched with a variety of instruments (quite a few played by Loreena herself), lush production, and an obvious painstaking attention to detail, result in a wonderful emotional listening experience for a rainy afternoon. I can see why Loreen achooses to produce all her own recordings because she wants to do it right.<br />I purchased the CD for Mummer's Dance but every one is a jewel you'll long cherish
B00000BIBQ|1.0|Anyone who would wish the Pretty Things to have the credit for the rock concept album must be a) a sadist, or b) still overly willing to bury the Beach Boys's &quot;Pet Sounds&quot;. The Things may have been the first British band to have a go at the idea, but having a clever idea isn't quite the same as delivering the goods. <br />Even accepting that this wasn't exactly the same lineup which cranked out probably the least inhibited and most elementally raw extant of British blues (put politely, the Pretties - the evidence still exists on their first two albums, &quot;The Pretty Things&quot; and &quot;Get The Picture?&quot; - made damn near ALL the legendary British R and B types resemble wussycats), it is an awful stretch to match the concept of &quot;S.F. Sorrow&quot; to the quality of its execution. The musicianship is competent, but when competence is applied to very weak material, the result is the sort of thing that ended up giving both psychedelic music and the concept album a bad name to begin with, enough that one begins to wonder if the Beatles (who were reputed to have encouraged the Things to give it a go; former Beatle engineer Norman Smith - who was also producing the original Pink Floyd - produced &quot;Sorrow&quot;) didn't secretly figure the Things to fall on their faces trying to make their own kind of &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot;. It took the Who to restore whatever good name both might have had (&quot;The Who Sell Out&quot; for both, &quot;Tommy&quot; just for the concept album, unless you're willing to call the underrated instrumental &quot;Underture&quot; a last gasp of psychedelic rhythmajigging), though the Kinks also weighed in with a minor gem (&quot;The Village Green Preservation Society&quot;). But on whole, &quot;S.F. Sorrow&quot; was bound to die a death (despite the interesting enough storyline) and did in due course. About two albums and a few more personnel shifts later, the Pretty Things took a shot at getting back to basics, but while it was occasionally interesting, it wasn't even close to the same. Stay with the first two albums. THOSE were the real Pretty Things.
0553296981|5.0|Anne Frank's diary was very informative. It's almost as if she herself knew that someday people from so many countries would read her diary. When she wrote she was a different person. She was a normal girl who wanted to live an extravagant life like any other girls. In this diary you read Anne Frank's feelings and thoughts while she lived in her &quot;Secret Annexe&quot; while hiding from the Nazis. You can almost see her mature and take faults in her self. This is a very tragic book considering how in the end she was so hopeful the war would end, but she was found and taken to a concentration camp where only her father survived.
B000002HRE|2.0|A message for Metallica, stick with the good old music! You ARE my favorite band. Your first 4 albums are CLASSICS! what did people call the rest? Sellouts. I hate it when people insult you but these new albums need to be forgotten. YOU STILL HAVE TIME TO IMPROVE just don't waste it.                     <br />          -Carlo de la Rama                           I gave you 2 stars 'coz I like you guys
B000055Y0X|5.0|Dr. Strangelove brings the fear of nuclear destruction to a humerous end. It shows how one crazy general's quest to protect &quot;precious bodily fluids&quot; and stop the &quot;Floridation of the water, which spreads communisism into our precious bodily fluids!&quot; Hilarious and humerous, a good movie to watch and laugh!
B000002H33|5.0|Metallica is the only one. They are the greatest. Led Zeppelin? Black Sabbath? AC/DC?? They are good too but they didn't give me enough power to defend them all the time in terms of insults.
0679879269|5.0|Having read the other two books in the series, I, like so many others, wondered how Pullman was going to match them in the writing of this third book.  Far from match them, it surpassed them amazingly.  Even as i write this review, it is only about 30 minutes since I finished the book.  Even now though, i am filled with emotion, especially grief, and an open-eyed new way of thinking than I possessed before reading it.  Moving as the others were, this book truly touched me in a very profound way.  I feel intense sadness over the ending, and I cried throughout most of the last two chapters.  This is a wonderful book, and every one, no matter how skeptical or down to earth they may be, should read it.  However, before you read this book, read the first two, or you may be unprepared for the emotional level, and depth of thought in this book
0345350499|3.0|Now let me say that I enjoy this book enough to regularly recommend it, especially to people unfamiliar with the Arthurian legends, Pagan practice and spirituality, or both.<br />All right, then what's my problem?  Any novel--especially one of this size--that divides characters up like soldiers on a battlefield seems too fundamentally simple.  In this case, it's the good, wise, mistreated Pagans of the Old Religion against the blundering, ignorant, and somewhat blind avatars of Christianity.  The character of Morgaine, who's a rampant Goddess worship fundamentalist if ever there was one, is just as bad as Gwenyfhar and her endless pious Christian rantings.  The supporting cast is little better and made up mostly of fence-sitters.<br />Having come to know Arthur through White and Mallory, I missed the emphasis on the new kind of law and legal philosophy Arthur was supposed to have brought with him.  It's a personal thing, but debates about legal issues (and more importantly, changing people's outlooks) are a lot more interesting than endless pecking over spirituality.  Granted, Mists was supposed to move the legends away from these things, but I'm not sure it's not &quot;these things&quot; which make the Arthurian legends what they are.
B000002H6C|5.0|I am a very big fan of Metallica and to me this is one of the heaviest metal alblums ever done.  This alblums music is head-shaking, lose your senses loud.  The ferocity of the music is unparalelled by any metal alblum realsed in 1988 (and there were many of them).  This alblum was the alblum responsible for hooking many of todays Metallica fans, and the song that done it was One.  One is a song unlike you have ever heard.  The song conjures up thoughts of pain and agony.  Most of the new fans of heavy metal will feel pain and agony after listening to this alblum, but it will be from headbanging fun.  The songs are very political and yet very poetical.  The bands of today, who sound the same, are put to shame by this music.  Get it!!
6300182355|4.0|At least it's cheesy and corny on purpose, unlike some movies I could mention.    Flash is a star quarterback, Dale is a gutsy girl reporter and Dr. Zharkov is your usual mad scientist who just happens to have a spaceworthy rocket in his basement, you know the type.    Ming is, well, Merciless. His daughter Princess Aura is libidinous. Prince Barron is heroic and in love with the wicked Princess. Add a supporting cast of evil henchmen, gallant foresters, aeordynamically unsound birdmen, a terrific score by Queen and the most marvelously '30s futuristic sets and costumes and you've got the 1980s 'Flash Gordon'.
6305127689|1.0|This movie is about a bunch of snot-nosed brats who get airplanes, period.  They have cute nicknames like &quot;goose&quot;, &quot;ace&quot; and &quot;chunk style&quot; (okay, I made that last one up, but you get the point). Although these brats are supposed to be America's elite pilots they fly around whooping and treating our millitary's top aircraft as toys.  Plot and tension are sacrificed to give you, well, more flying, whooping and grinning by the aformentioned brats.  Oh yeah, there's dirty parts too.  All in all, if real millitary pilots are anything like the yahoos in this movie we'll be in a lot of trouble when the next war starts.
B00005ASQ1|4.0|THE MOVIE WAS GREAT. I USED TO WRITE IN HIGH SCHOOL SO I COULD RELATE. ANNA PAQUIN WAS GREAT AND THE SOUNDTRACK WAS HAUNTING. THE LANGUAGE IS A LITTLE STRONG BUT HEY, THEY LIVE IN THE BRONX!!
B000059XY3|2.0|The first Batman was a classic battle of good vs. evil &quot;mano e mano&quot; as the Joker had said.  Starting with Batman Returns the policy appeared to be &quot;stick in as many characters and subplots as possible and try to hook them together.&quot;  In Batman Returns they could pull it off, but not so in this movie.  First, the loss of Tim Burton and his stark, nightmarish vision is sorely missed.  Schumacher's Gotham just doesn't have the gritty feel of someplace that would create a Batman.  Val &quot;I have one facial expression&quot; Kilmer does not make a convincing Batman at all.  I mean, sheesh, the guys only asset as an actor is his pretty face, and that was covered by a mask for the most part.  While it was nice to see Jim Carrey playing a character instead of a noisemaker for once, that character was NOT the Riddler (the jury is still out as to who it was).  Tommy Lee Jones sacrifices the subtlties of the comc book two-face and plays him as an uninteresting, hyperactive giggling madman.  besides, didn't Billy Dee Williams play Harvey Dent in the first movie?  Now he would have done it right!  Although Chris O'Donnel does a good job with Robin, the script does not allow him the depth and development the character deserved (sorry Chris, but we gotta meet the subplot quota, you understand).  Overall, disappointing compared to the earlier films, but worlds above &quot;Batman and Robin.&quot;
0380729407|5.0|I first read this when I was 13. Fortunately, I had not seen the mediocre sanitized Disney production of this, so I did not have any tainted preconceptions. This is a true Ray Bradbury masterpiece - full of all the power of his infectious sense of nostalgia, his warmth, and his terrifying and yet wondrous imagination.
B000056K04|4.0|I just started listening to DMB not to long ago and i've heard alot of there old stuff. I liked tracks no. 3,4,5,10,11. This album didn't seem to have the heart in it totally, but had more than most artists today. I'm looking forward to there new stuff and am hoping it's better. All in all this cd was pretty good compared to all that other junk out there right now, but for DMB it was just average.
0780020685|4.0|A movie worthy of being called an epic. Beautifully filmed and wonderfully acted this story takes the viewer back to a place and time that can only be imagined and it does it with a richness and depth only imagined by few films today.
0553573411|4.0|A fast-paced story which nevertheless plumbs the depths of the sub-plots, with excitement and surprises in every turn of the tale.  The author writes for intelligent readers, neither giving too much away when describing characters and situations, nor putting in unnecessary explanations of motive--yet still weaves a rich tale full of emotion and adventure, giving life to the characters and depth to the kingdoms they inhabit.  I highly recommend it!
B00004SCX6|1.0|I can't even begin to say what this album is.  These songs made me sick after hearing them for just a short time.  Britney sounds like a chipmunk.  In other words, HORRIBLE! I used to be a fan, but this is the worst CD that I own! Don't buy this!
B00004Y6Q5|5.0|I'll admit, I first heard of Requiem For A Dream long after i'd heard of Clint Mansell. I went to the film thinking itwould be rather average. After it ended and the lights came back on, no-one moved in the whole cinema for two minutes. This great CD will help you relive the great film, and even if you haven't seen the film (buy the DVD) it's still a great CD with Clint Mansell estabishing himself as a remarkable artist, and an excellent performance from the Kronos Quartet. You just can't hate it.
B00003CXMG|5.0|Coming of age was never so exciting and wonderful than it was for william miller in the year 1973. He sets out for the adventure of a life time which we all wish we had, and he does that with he's boyishly charm and heart-worming gestures (and not to forget he's perfect lovable smile, which touch a special place, especialy in the &quot;deflowering&quot; scence (watch the close up very closely). The characters really blossoms in the surrounding crowe had built for them. Frances as the mother as so terrifying in her acting, it can make everybody shiver. and Billy Crudup will not be forgoten soon. When kate Hudson laughs, you just laugh back.<br />It's always nice to make memories a little prettier then they really were, and cameron succeeds in doing just that, for the viewers pure pleasure. and he does that magically well and to the beat of Rock &amp; Roll.<br />William seems so weak and vulnerable, but he's rather the opposite of that. If the script hadn't been so &quot;true&quot;, or if he played in another movie, he could have endured much more then he did. Had that been so, it would have been just enough for my tear glands to become active. But the movie doesn't suffer because of that.<br />The plane crushing scene was one of the funniest and sophisticated in comedy history.<br />It's a movie to watch again and again, and to embrace as a &quot;make-you-feel-good&quot; film, because it's just that.
B000002UVZ|5.0|Perfection from start to finish. Nestled comfortably within the band's upward artistic climb, Pageant was yet another R.E.M. album that was better than the previous release. Lound guitars and a big open drum sound gave fans an indication of what was to come once a deal was made with a major label. This is one of the last albums before the band became millionaire mega-stars;  and it's a great record to   sit down with and take in the high energy-college rock optimism the band dished out year after year. Beautiful melodies run throughout the album and they get under your skin instantly. Before it's over you'll want to play it over and over and over until every word and every chord is ingrained in your soul. Life's Rich Pageant is a great record to win over skeptical fans - or music fans who never really got to know their music. If 2001's &quot;Reveal&quot; disappointed you, pop this one in the cd player and remember how great they used to be.
B00003CXMG|5.0|Coming of age was never so exciting and wonderful than it was for william miller in the year 1973. He sets out for the adventure of a life time which we all wish we had, and he does that with he's boyishly charm and heart-worming gestures (and not to forget he's perfect lovable smile, which touch a special place, especialy in the &quot;deflowering&quot; scence (watch the close up very closely). The characters really blossoms in the surrounding crowe had built for them. Frances as the mother as so terrifying in her acting, it can make everybody shiver. and Billy Crudup will not be forgoten soon. When kate Hudson laughs, you just laugh back.<br />It's always nice to make memories a little prettier then they really were, and cameron succeeds in doing just that, for the viewers pure pleasure. and he does that magically well and to the beat of Rock &amp; Roll.<br />William seems so weak and vulnerable, but he's rather the opposite of that. If the script hadn't been so &quot;true&quot;, or if he played in another movie, he could have endured much more then he did. Had that been so, it would have been just enough for my tear glands to become active. But the movie doesn't suffer because of that.<br />The plane crushing scene was one of the funniest and sophisticated in comedy history.<br />It's a movie to watch again and again, and to embrace as a &quot;make-you-feel-good&quot; film, because it's just that.
B00005LLK8|5.0|Billy Elliot is a wonderful movie about a boy (Jamie Bell)from a working-class neighborhood who is pushed into taking boxing lessons by his dad. After a bad time in the ring, Billy tries his luck with ballet-and likes it (much to his father's dismay). There's a lot of humor and drama in this movie. I loved the soundtrack of T-Rex, The Clash and The Jam. The quirky relationships between Billy and everyone else in the cast is something to watch. If you love cheering for the underdog, definitely check it out.
B00004TJTS|5.0|There are so few movies produced these days that the entire family can sit down and enjoy. My Dog Skip is one of those rare movies that can appeal to children and adults alike. Growing up with a dog, I was touched by the bond between the boy and his Jack Russell terrier - it brought back alot of memories. My children were crying at the end of the movie (as were the adults) even though they've never had a dog in the house. The movie is much more than a 'boy and his dog' movie - its about love, loyalty and trust. Again, a great family movie.
0451527712|4.0|Shelly's Frankenstein is pretty well understood to be a flawed work, an amazing first attempt by a young author while also being a classic of literature.  It is hard to say how I avoided reading it for so long but was surprised to find my friends negative attitudes on this book.  Classics though must be read, so I devoured this over the course of a weekend and found the book quite enjoyable, however, at times I found some of its problems nearly overwhelming.<br />The first problem Frankenstein has is that it is (as far as content goes) really a short story.  I can't imagine it needing more than 60-100 pages, but Shelly inflates it to over 200, and for no discernable reason.  The expanded length leads only to additional passages where Frankenstein himself is lying unconscious for months, or needless travelogue scenes which only serve to detract from the story.  It might also be said that after 100 pages of melancholic whimperings from Frankenstein the reader has probably lost all sympathy toward the character.  There are also certain plot elements that seem to repeat themselves a bit too often, but I the appeal of these elements will be based upon the reader.<br />Ultimately, Frankenstien seems a great story that you occasionally feel compelled to skim through.  There is a certain sloppiness (I am still not clear what happened to Edward--the only surviving Frankenstein, but I do know something about some of the townspeople mentioned in a letter which have NOTHING to do with the story), but when you put all that aside, the very heart of Frankenstein is an enjoyable read.  The monster is a sympathetic one and I found myself glued to the pages as he first illustrated how he came to understand the world around him.<br />Unlike Moby Dick which should never be abridged since so much of its irrelevance seems the primary point of the story (I often consider Ahab and the whale merely a sub-plot in Ishmael's life), Frankenstein could do with some good editing.  Despite Frankenstein being a relatively short book to begin with, even 200+ pages feels a bit trying when all you are reading about is landscape and Frankenstein fainting.stein being a relatively short book to begin with, even 200+ pages feels a bit trying when all you are reading about is landscape and Frankenstein fainting.
B00000253N|5.0|it's only happened to me a handfull of times in my life - when you need something your searching for anything a random sign - you come home drunk and depressed the empty night you wasted at the bar lingers - you feel diminished why doesn't she call me back? you sit in the chair already nursing your hangover - oblivious to all that glows in this world - you feel like the thing you need is right under your nose or right around the corner - looking through my collection i pass through the standards elliot smith, stevie wonder, pet sounds, costello etc. etc. i reach blood on the tracks - a heart felt album but the true reality of it hasn't clicked but you don't know this - you put it on and decide to pour yourself a strong nightcap the alcohol seeps into you blood stream just like the music - a man's soul recorded through a 2 track? certain things begin to make sense - if you see her say hello echoes - thoughts race about how you left it - words have never rang so true - you revel in this kind of moment with music but it can't be planned it just has to happen it happening now and you realize it - this is why you buy music - you begin to see things you've never questioned before - clear picture of your life on a scratchy 8 millimeter is now reflecting on your wall - yes i've read about it but  is this what i hear now finally - dylan the reclusive master letting you into his most personal feelings and thoughts - the realization can't be - BUY THIS ALBUM (unless if your life is perfect then you have no nead for it)
B000007MVD|5.0|If your over 15 it would be almost impossible not to be aware of the Beatles huge influence on the musical world and life in general. As a forty something this collection takes me back to the playground during my early school years. Following their recent anthology here is a timely reminder that the fab 4 were not just the most prolific songwriters of the last century but also highly polished and accomplished musicians. At one point the interviewer accuses John Lennon of adding an extra note to the end of a song, so that the audience are aware that they are not listening to a recording- believe me, that note is the only discernable difference. Unlike the anthology's mix and match of discarded takes and unfinished songs here you'll find one take versions from their early repertoire recorded at the BBC in very good quality sound. These numbers are undoubtedly the product of their long hours on stage during the Hamburg years and will take you on a tour of their Rock'n'Roll idols and many early post war standards. A great favourite in my collection.
B000059TPN|5.0|I'm really amazed of this Criterion Collection quality. Fortunately, it comes with the DTS soundtrack. Those of you with DTS receiver or compatible player should find all your 6 speakers performing lots of 'work-out'.<br />Picture &amp; audio quality are excellent. This is a highly action movie that will definitely glue you to your seat from the start right until the end credit. My record of watching this movie is 5 times excluding from laserdisc &amp; tv broadcast. You'll never regret this DVD collection!
B000007MVD|5.0|If your over 15 it would be almost impossible not to be aware of the Beatles huge influence on the musical world and life in general. As a forty something this collection takes me back to the playground during my early school years. Following their recent anthology here is a timely reminder that the fab 4 were not just the most prolific song writers of the last century but also highly polished and accomplished musicians. At one point the interviewer accuses Lennon of adding an extra note to the end of a song, so that the audience know that they are not listening to a recording- believe me, that note is the only discernable difference. Unlike the anthology's mix and match of discarded takes and unfinished songs here you'll find one take versions from their early repertoire recorded at the BBC in very good quality sound. These numbers are undoubtedly the product of their long hours on stage during the Hamburg years and will you take you on a tour of their Rock'n'Roll idols and many early post war standards. A great favourite in my collection.
B00003CXDZ|1.0|What do you get when you mix Dr. Seuss characters with a Nirvana/Elton John/Madonna soundtrack, Nicole Kidman and John Leguizamo?  A really bad movie.  Guys, please, please realize that this &quot;movie&quot; has singing and dancing.  Be forewarned that it is corny, stupid, predictable and boring.
B00005B4GU|2.0|I was excited for this album after reading that it was more guitar driven than Kid A, and while that is somewhat true, it is still too much like Kid A.  I know some of you feel Kid A is their finest work, but admit it ... Kid A is not the first CD you pop in your CD player.  Amnesiac is, unfortunately, the same way.    While it is interesting the first few listens, and may even possibly grow on you, it will not stand the test of time and will soon gather dust on your shelf.<br />I appreciate Radiohead pushing the envelope and trying something new.  But please, is the experiment over?  I gave this album 2 stars only because this is Radiohead.  OK Computer and The Bends are by far two of the best albums ever made.  If Radiohead had released Kid A and Amnesiac without the strength of these two previous efforts there is no way Kid A and Amnesiac would be selling the way they are.  In fact, few of us would have even heard of Radiohead.<br />So, thank you, Radiohead, for The Bends and OK Computer.  Thank you even for the experiments of Kid A and Amnesiac.  But please stop the experimentation and start making the music you are capable of!  If this is the direction of future Radiohead albums I fear they will lose more fans than just me.  But, unfortunately, maybe they don't care.
B00004Z1MN|5.0|I loved this movie, both for the time travel angle and the father-son story. My dad died when I was 6; I cried watching this movie thinking, &quot;I wish I could talk to *MY* dad.&quot;  The end really points up the beauty of a whole family; sure--we make do without all the &quot;parts,&quot; but I liked how this movie showed the value of a father-son relationship and the value of generations of families supporting each other.  Also a really good suspenseful movie.
0441003257|5.0|I first read 'Good Omens' in college, when desperate for something new and the cover caught my eye.  I had read both Neil Gaiman and Terry Pratchett's works, but had no idea in those first few pages, how much I would grow to love this book.  As silly as it seems to have a single favorite, I would not need to be pressed to give this book that title.  <br />It has very nearly everything ... starting with war, famine, pollution, death, and of course a very dedicated delivery man.  There is sex, violence, demons, angels, double crosses, internal conflict, conspiracy, new friends and the oldest of friends, god, the devil and the cutest little hell hound you could ever hope to meet, and so very much more.  And all of it done with the most delicious taste of dry english humor.<br />Everything is wonderful about this book.  I would give it more than 5 stars if I could.
B000022TT4|5.0|Backlash.  That was the word to describe the reception that this film and album got when it was released 13 years ago.  U2 got slammed by the media and public for overexposure and posturing when RATTLE AND HUM first came out.  They were criticized for (a) taking themselves too seriously (b) trying to ingratiate themselves with rock and roll's legends (c) trying to put themselves up with those same rock and roll legends.  Thirteen years later this film and album still hold up as one of rock and roll's finest live albums by one of rock's best acts.  Revisiting RATTLE AND HUM in 2001, I can make the following conclusions:  (1) yes, U2 did take themselves seriously, but when they didn't they were also criticized (as evidenced in the Pop album and Popmart Tour) so the critics can't have it both ways and (2) U2 can take their rightful place amongst the rock legends they were fans of.  After 20+ years, they've proved themselves time and time again and they've earned it.
B000002UY5|5.0|Blind Melon would have become enormous if not for the heroin overdose of frontman Shannon Hoon before a second album was ever made. No where else does country funk rock blues riffs and licks fit so effortlessly into contemporary alternative music. Hoon is the star here, belting out some jazzy blues rock like a choirboy Janice Joplin. The final song,&quot;Time&quot; cooks.
6304981635|5.0|This is without a doubt the greatest martial arts film ever made (sorry &quot;Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon&quot; fans....as great as that film was, this film is still better).  Enter the Dragon is the perfectly paced martial arts film that keeps the story simple and the action fast.  This film showcases both Jeet Kune Do from a cinematic (the flamboyant such as the flying and jumping kicks) and a practical point of view (the Bob Wall fight scene is classic Jun Fan Gung Fu) as well as the philosophy behind the art (check out John Little's books and you'll notice a lot of similar themes and passages).  The differences (as far as I can see) between the Special Edition and the original cut (which was available on VHS but I think is now out of print, but also an ESSENTIAL buy) are (1) the scene that takes place after the opening fight scene with the old master from Shaolin and (2) a quick voiceover of the old master's voice during Bruce's jaunt through the hall of mirrors.  All other martial artists/filmmakers should take notes,  this is how it is done!
B00005B4GU|4.0|im sick of it. &quot;ok computer was so good and this and that...&quot; blah blah blah.   i'm also sick of hearing how guitars are missed. get over it.  a freakin guitar isn't going to determine how good an album is. stop whining and get a metallica record if thats what you want. i think its actually a bold move to take on electronica. they're playing around with sounds and showing how well they can play them off of eachother. its more minimal for sure, but there is still emotion and its extremely complex. the songs on this one actually work better alone than as an album. i've seen it been called leftovers from kid a, but then i think what if they released this one first and kid a now it would be just the same. you would be calling kid a leftovers. a lot of you may not remember the fact that ok computer took a while to grow on you too.  think of what people probably thought of sgt. pepper 's lonely heart club band at first now thats considered an essential. pop this in and just let it sink in. is that so hard? its good music and its better than a lot out there right now!
0790729628|3.0|I have noticed that many of the reviews on this site pertaining to Blade Runner pine for the original theatrical release, in which the film ended in a cop-out, and had Ford drowsily trudging along in a half-hearted narration. I don't mean to insult anyone, but the &quot;happy ending&quot; went against the movie's intentions. You spend two hours in a dark, damp dystopian world and then all of a sudden you're in the sunny, pristine mountains? Please. Mr. Scott threw in that ending at the last moment to make the studio happy, a studio that was totally blind to his genius in the first place. A lot of people have also stated that the Director's Cut ending doesn't sufficiently conclude the movie, that is just &quot;drops off&quot;, and has left some with an uneasy feeling. The point of this ending is to be ambiguous, to leave it up to you what happens. And don't even get me started on the narration. Yes, I'm sure a lot of people think it helped to explain the movie, but it also guided the viewer by the hand and &quot;talked down&quot; to the viewer like you're a moron. All the narration did was basically show Deckard (being a detective) discovered something and then said to the audience, &quot;Look, I discovered something!&quot; The lack of narration in the Director's Cut allows the audience to notice some of the visual keys they missed while following along with Harrison's groggy storytelling, and also illuminates some of the nuances that makes Harrison Ford a great actor.  Aside from the bare-bones dvd (Warner Bros has a boatload of stuff lying around that could be on this disc as extras...two discs worth, in fact), this is an excellent film about humanity in a dark, corporate-corrupted world, and the director's cut eliminates the narraton and sappy ending which guide our hands like we're 6 year olds, and allows us to fully enjoy this film as a future noir. And if another, more comprehensive DVD ever appears with a Ridley commentary, allowing Mr. Scott to  explain whathe was thinking, then you people won't need a terrible narration and sappy ending to do so.
0385472951|3.0|I liked this book better than I thought I would, considering the limited scope of the plot. After all, most of the story takes place with Patrick, the runaway lawyer, in custody. The story takes many unpredictable turns and is, for the most part, plausible. But the ending is disappointing, and somewhat unbelievable given Eva's risk-taking behavior throughout the book. Still worth a look and one of Grisham's better efforts.
0060392886|4.0|Well I read it and I'm none the worse for wear.  But man alive, those guys are incredible!!  I'm glad to see they grew as people and maybe someday their &quot;band&quot; relationship will catch up with them. Until then, read this enjoyable book for a real look into their amazing lives.
078322804X|5.0|This movie is one of my personal favourites, Its absolutely hilarious, and has fanstastic music throughout.  It has a decent plot, which is hard to find in alot of comedies. The cameo's are weaved into the movie seamlessly, so that they add to the plot instead of taking away from it.  The movie has laughs, great music, huge car chases, and a good story, what more could you ask for.  You have to see this movie.<br />If you've seen Blues brothers 2000, don't hold that movie against this one.  If you didn't like BB2000 don't assume you won't like this great film.  I didn't like BB2000, but loved this one.
0553296981|5.0|The painful yet realistic diary entries of a teenage Jewish girl,Anne Frank's life during the World War II. It recorded from a tennage girl point of view about the War,Holocaust. She and her family and another family hid in an attic for 2 years. This bittersweet diary revealed Anne's feeling,emotions and also the horrors of the War and Nazis. It would always served as a reminder to everyone.
0783227019|5.0|This movie is up there with Scarface, and the Godfather, fantastic.  A great script, and brilliant performances by Pacino and Penn.  If you like Gangster movies you will love this one, but even if your not a fan of the genre you should still see it, in my opinion everyone should see it.  Its a story about a gangster that gets out of prison early, and wants so badly to go straight, but is brought back into the old world that put him in prison, by his so-called friends.
B00003CXP1|5.0|This movie was a story showing pictures of the haunting stories of drug addiction. It looks so real, and the characters were played by great actors. The story is based upon four people, who have their hope and all and all their life thrown down the toilet by drugs. A mother whose son is frequently shooting heroin with friend and girlfriend, while she is sitting at home popping diet pills one after another. The mother lives a life where she sits home lonely, and watches a game show, which quickly takes over her life. The son and his friend start selling heroin, only to make a lot of money, then throw it away on drugs again. His girlfriend after finding out that he can't get coc anymore, starts going to a dealer and using her body to get what she wants. This is a story of destruction of dreams and hope, losing everything, and unalble to regain what they have lost. Haunting images are shown, and anyone who watches this movie frequently is very sick, however it is worthseeing once, shows you a very true story about drug addictions.
B00003CWTI|1.0|I loved P.T, Anderson's other movies, Hard Eight and Boogie Nights, but this movie was just too long, he tried to tell too many stories in one movie, instead of focusing on one or two main characters.  Each story does tie in during the course of the movie, but not physically in a scene.  So the movie did not flow well, and I found it really dragged on in parts<br />If you liked Anderson's other movie don't assume you will like this one, rent it first and decide for yourself.
0375501851|4.0|On the first page of the book, Archie Jones is parked on an anonymous London street with exhaust filling his car.  &#8220;He was prepared for it.  He had flipped a coin and stood staunchly by the results.  This was a decided-upon suicide.&#8221;  <br />It&#8217;s important that Archie survives this attempt, given that he&#8217;s the book&#8217;s leading actor. But of equal importance, the scene introduces Zadie Smith&#8217;s talent for efficiently crafting the characters that inhabit &#8220;White Teeth.&#8221;<br />The story follows Archie Jones and Samad Iqbal, neighbors in a multicultural working class London neighborhood, making their way through the second half of the 20th century.  Old friends from the War, where they shared the cramped quarters of an army tank, Archie and Samad pass into middle age together perched in their regular booth at O&#8217;Connell&#8217;s Poolroom.  It&#8217;s in middle age, too, that both finally start families.  Samad has been waiting for his pre-arranged bride to reach marrying age; Archie, as usual trusting the haphazard forces of coincidence, meets his second wife at a Jehovah&#8217;s Witness End of the World party on the morning of his failed suicide effort.  Soon the book&#8217;s attention shifts to their offspring &#8211; Irie Jones, Millat and Magid Iqbal &#8211; and their teenage adventures with identity, politics, and dreams of middle-class conformity.<br />At it&#8217;s best, &#8220;White Teeth&#8221; reads like Kureishi&#8217;s &#8220;Buddha of Suburbia&#8221;: vigorous, funny, hip and racy.  Elsewhere (increasingly as the book goes on) it seems that Smith has worked up an engaging cast of characters but doesn&#8217;t know what to do with them.  Or rather, she&#8217;s made brilliant sketches of her characters, then loses interest before she colors them in.  In a lukewarm climax, Smith brings them all together in happy, resolved closure.  You feel like you&#8217;re reading a talented, literary novelist who&#8217;s scriptedthe final scene of a Scooby Doo episode.
B000007NZ5|4.0|After the 80's pop-metal production sound of Seventh Star and Eternal Idol, this album is a slight return to a solid and heavy sound. The addition of Cozy Powell (R.I.P.) is a long overdue one, and adds a dimension to the rhythm section. Tony Martin makes his second appearance on this one, session man Lawrence Cottle fills in on bass, as well as mainstays Tony Iommi (of course) and Geoff Nicholls. And now, the music:   The Gates of Hell is a perfect opener for this album, and a great prologue for the next song, the title track. The bass line in Headless Cross is reminiscent of the one in Heaven &amp; Hell, and being as it's Cozy's first album with Sabbath, begins with a cool  drum intro. The third song Devil &amp; Daughter follows. Coincidently, the title is similar to a song Ozzy released in '88 - Devil's Daughter. The forth song, When Death Calls, is a slow (but by no means mellow) song, and features a guest appearance by Queen's Brian May for the solo. The rest of the album pretty much follows the same overall direction, the riff in Black Moon is interesting, it closes with a semi-acoustic song called Nightwing.    I'd recommend this title for Sabbath fans who are maybe curious about this era, or to Cozy Powell fans who are maybe not into Sabbath. The possible reason for its unavailability is because it was released on I.R.S. Records and not on Warner Bros.  I'd recommend trying to get it used if you can. It's a good album.
6305165912|5.0|When I first saw this in a theater--BIG DISAPPOINTMENT! I love the Coen brothers' work for the most part and I thought _Fargo_ was genius, so I had high hopes for their follow-up, and this was not at all what I expected. But since that first viewing, I've rented the film a few times and finally purchased a copy. In fact, I'm starting to get to the point where I think this might actually be a better film than _Fargo_.<br />It's a perfect mix of aimless characters and a seemingly aimless plot. From the first moments, with a hilarious voice-over by Sam ELLIOT (Sam Neill is from New Zealand), this film cast its own quirky spell. If you're willing to give yourself over to its unique charm, this one's a real winner. Jeff Bridges plays a character named Lebowski, nicknamed \\"The Dude.\\" He wanders around in a bathrobe, drinking milk right out of the carton at the grocery store. His days seem to be devoted to getting stoned and the one love of his life: bowling, with pals John Goodman and Steve Buscemi.<br />When Bridges' Lebowski gets confused with another Lebowski, a wealthy man whose young wife is \\"kidnapped,\\" Bridges gets called on to deliver the ransom and what ensues is something of a detective story, flipped on its head, with one strange and funny vignette after another. I don't know what it is about this film, but I've watched it again and again and have yet to grow tired of it. This is perhaps the Coens' best film and certainly their best comedy (they were trying too hard with _Raising Arizona_ and _O Brother, Where Art Thou?_).
B000059ZLH|5.0|First things first - welcome Jordan Rudess!! He initially auditioned for DT after Kevin Moore left, but ultimately had to choose between them or Dixie Dregs. I can't blame anyone for wanting to work with Steve Morse, can you? But, he's finally in the ranks, with a more 'Images and Words' keyboard style. So that's good.    I was intrigued by the CD, as it was the long-awaited sequel to Metropolis pt 1 from '92. Some elements of the story didn't make sense at first, even with repeated listens. But the video presentation clears thing up considerably, even more so with the band commentary track. The ending of the CD was strange, to say the least. I was racking my brain trying to figure out why the hypnotherapist was there in Nicholas' house. Now I know. (For those who still haven't seen the video (WHAT!!) I won't say anymore, for fear of spoiling the ending.) The bonus tracks (DVD only) are a plus. A live version of the entire Change Of Seasons? Great!! Overall, the pinnacle of Dream Theater's career. I'm looking forward to what they do next.
B00005J6T1|5.0|In an excellent move, the folks at Warner Music have decided to re-release Madonna's self-titled debut album in conjunction with the start of her &quot;Drowned World&quot; tour. I had purchased the original release many years ago, but decided to purchase this edition due to the addition of two previously unreleased tracks that were only available on vinyl. <br />Being that &quot;Burning Up&quot; is one of my favorite Madonna songs of all time, I purchased this album because the 12&quot; remix of the single was available on CD for the first time in over two decades. When I pushed the play button on my compact disc player, I was truly amazed on the quality of the sound. If I only could use to words to describe the sound quality on this album I would choose &quot;crystal clear.&quot; Truly, this remastered edition was a great idea and I was so elated to hear all of Madonna's great early hits from &quot;Lucky Star&quot; to &quot;Everybody&quot; again. <br />In addition to the &quot;Burning Up&quot; 12&quot; remix, this remastered album also features a remix of &quot;Lucky Star&quot; remixed by John &quot;Jellybean&quot; Benitez himself. Both remixes are amazing and the album brought back many memories growing up during the decade of decadence. If you are a true Madonna fan, you will want to add this album to your collection.
B00005B4GU|2.0|This is not a great album. You can tell it comes from the same sessions as 'Kid A' as there is a distinct lack of innovative guitar work ( if isolated, the thing that made radiohead songs vital to the ear?) and no real regard for melody. I understand that the band needed to experiment, needed to move on - but they seem to have lost their way. Like Kid A , a lot of this is meandering around in search of a song foundation. To do it once is an acceptable statement, to do it twice could be taking the [dive]. It reminds me, to an extent, of the way that REM spluttered after going gargantuan and never reached the heights we hoped for. If this were a new band, we would all say \\"Hmm, when they grow up they could be quite good\\" and they would attain minor indie status. I fear the best of Radiohead is past us.
0811826848|5.0|Being a young man of 19 I was pulled into The Beatles and their great music not even a year ago.  Since I was born at a time when Lennon was already a year gone, I wanted to know more about them.  This book did just that.  It is the first and only book from any Beatle I have read, and it was informative.  Anthology goes year by year, with photos and quotes never published before.  It follows a story of the roller coaster that was Beatlemania.  And if I must say, with the absence of Lennon's input, his quotes were well placed to help the flow.  The book was hard to put down as you learned info on one album and the next was waitng in the pages beyond.  A steal at $...
0679879269|5.0|As a school librarian I have read scads of children's books, not to mention adult ones.  Without hesitation I would say the three novels in the Dark Materials Trilogy are my all time favorite books.  They are wonderful.  Pullman is a master at his craft, every detail is there from characterization to plotting. I wish that he would write another saga set in Lyra's world of humans and daemons.  If not, I will always have the books to reread. I read the Golden Compass when it first came out some six years ago.  I have read it three times now and I never tire of it. Highly recommended.
B000050IMG|4.0|In this day and age I like to watch movies that help me forget about all the problems of the world and just laugh. This is one of them. It truly shows how moronic the slasher films are. Maybe they went a bit excessive on the bathroom humor but that can be overlooked. I rarely stopped laughing from start to finish and now own this movie and have watched it several times. I recommend this movie to lift your spirits when you are feeling down because beleive me, you will laugh.
B00004TJFL|4.0|I THINK THE MOVIE WANS OK. BUT NOT AS GOOD AS #4. THE ACTORS THAT SURVIED FROM 4 WERE VERY WEAK IN THIS FILM, WHICH MADE IT NOT AS GOOD. BUT HELL I STILL LIKE TO WATCH IT EVERY CANCE I CAN!
B00005B36H|4.0|Many of the albums last may were all alterna-rock comebacks. Some of this is very hard to describe, as some prog-rock has been put in. But when you hear &quot;Ticks &amp; Leeches&quot;, you'll be amazed. There are three songs in which were extremely long (Lateralis and Parobl). &quot;Schism&quot; may have been but I can definitely understand why it got radio. It's the best song on the radio in a long time. Cuz these last two years of music have driven me crazy. Some of it sounds just like old TOOL, but it's not bad. I just thought it made it sound more mainstream, and TOOL are anything but that. It's been since Pink Floyd since anything's even sounded like this in my opinion. This is a true test for if you're a real TOOL fan. That is-- if you love metal. If you hate Metal than a good test would be either Undertow or my personal favorite, AEnima. <br />I happen to think it's a better comeback than Weezer, but the time is way different on both and if you want something new, well, I don't know. It depends. Some of it does sound like TOOL though.<br />One release you may be interested in later this year (OR is it next year?) is the next Gravity Kills album. ALso, I'm waiting for STP next month. But if you have a variety of Numetal taste, you might want this.
0671876813|4.0|In Flag in Exlie Honor has settled in on Grayson. Her Steading is prospering things are going well for awhile. Then it happens! Again Haven returns and Honor  get the chance to go back into space. Not as a captain but as an Admiral. Haven is only one battle she must fight. Her enemies on Grayson Plot to have her removed in many ways. and through one Cowardly act(That the author comments on since it's parralells somethng that happens years later in our world.)Honor must defend herself again losing more friends Honor must take the field of Honor again.  I have read the first Five HH books in a row now and She Grows more as a person.  if you like a strong characters and exciting storyline this is a great addition to the HH universe.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|I went into this movie having read that it is loosely based on the myth of Orpheus and Eurydice, but aside from that I had few expectations. In many ways, I think that that is the perfect way to go into this movie.<br />From the beginning, you are thrust into an often frenzied always magical world of sin and decadence. The characters refer to themselves as &quot;creatures of the underworld.&quot; But there is no love for such creatures ... or is there?<br />I found it remarkable to see this tragic love story fleshed out in such an inventive way. I was utterly absorbed by the beauty and sorrow of the people whose lives are played out under the glitz and glamour of the Moulin Rouge.<br />Then of course there is the music. I was somewhat skeptical of the use of popular music, rather than music written for the movie. I had nothing to be skeptical about. The one original song is a showstopper and all of the popular songs are arranged so they fit flawlessly in the fabric of the show. They take the pop songs and make them their own by using beautiful (and often dramatic) arrangements and by altering some of the lyrics. I only hope that this movie can inspire more movie musicals of the same caliber.<br />Though Moulin Rouge may not be everyone's cup of tea, it's certainly worth a try. It represents a kind of beauty in film that we rarely see these days. So, dismiss all those jaded notions and enjoy the bohemian extravaganza that is Moulin Rouge!
B00003CXP1|2.0|This is a midly entertaining film that explores addiction. It also shares the same downfall as &quot;Magnolia&quot;.  Requiem for a Dream is a much better film than Magnolia however in the sense that there is purpose and a statement in the film.  Magnolia OTOH, was a beautifully directed terrible film with characters that nobody can hopefully identify with (&quot;Magnolia&quot; had no real meaning or plot to anybody but the self-serving director and a few others who managed to hallucinate some meaning out of &quot;Magnolia&quot;.  Traffic was an outstanding movie on addiction, while Requiem for a dream relied on too much hyperbole and SHOCK effect, as if it were an MTV video.  I think it was worth watching once, perhaps, but it is does not have a lot to offer.  Traffic OTOH was either 4 or 5 stars out of 5.  This film does not deserve more than 2 to 3 stars.
0684803356|4.0|This novel certainly deserves its billing as a \\"classic.\\" The action takes place during the Spanish Civil War (of the 1930's), and the story follows a group of guerilla loyalists, who are fighting against Franco's fascist forces in the name of the Republic.<br />        The entire novel only covers a span of three days, so the reader truly gets a sense of the time passing. Because of this, it feels as if the events are actually occurring as one is reading. Each moment is important, and there are few discontinuities in the story. Also, the novel is written in an interesting format where the climax doesn't occur until the final pages-this adds quite a bit of suspense. What really makes this book so excellent is the delicate combination of action and lull, and love and hate, which Hemingway builds into the story. There is a very beautiful (if only slightly unrealistic) love story carefully interwoven with murder, conspiracy, and disaster.<br />        It is impossible not to deeply care for each individual in the story because there are few characters, and they are all extremely well developed. The reader can find a piece of somebody that he/she knows in every character. Hemingway also deals effectively with emotion. It is always easy to understand exactly what each person is feeling. With Robert Jordan, specifically, Hemingway uses a unique series of monologue-type passages so that the reader really can \\"get inside\\" Jordan's head. Somehow, Hemingway manages to do this while keeping out that uneasiness one gets when reading a play monologue. The novel has an anti-war feel to it, but it still contains several enthralling battle scenes. If only the love story were a bit more believable, this book could be truly fantastic. &quot;For Whom The Bell Tolls&quot; is definitely a worthwhile read right from the opening quote by John Donne all the way to the very last page.
B00003CXE7|5.0|The extras in this DVD are fabulous. The &quot;commentary&quot; by Ridley Scott is actually a second copy of the entire movie with him talking about each scene as it takes place. Most of the deleted scenes are great; in a lot of movies, the deleted scenes are deservedly deleted, but for Gladiator, Scott cut them purely for time concerns, and they actually add to the movie as a whole. I loved it on screen, and as a DVD it's even better.
0446364495|3.0|This is a strange phenomenon of a book; ...P>Perhaps its a product of time and place. Published at the end of a postive thinking, go get it decade, this novel daringly suggested that a life of hard work and loyalty and dedication don't always reap rewards. <br />True, some of the descriptions are pretentious and the dialogue turgid. But you can say the same of Steven King or any other popular writer. Some scenes do work well; Robert Kincaid's semi-frenzied photo-shoot of the bridges using available light is exciting and convincing. Likewise the cooking scene, where trivial actions and gestures become loaded with sexual tension.<br />Francesca's character and motivation is well described and sympathetic. The isolation and boredom of rural life in the heart of the sanctified mid-west provides a welcome antidote to the whimsical \\"Lake Woebegone\\" type of sterotype. <br />The character of her lover, Robert Kincaird doesn't work so well, but his loner type personality and rootless life-style are adequately described. The attraction between them is plausible and touching, especially the celebrated final scene.<br />As an above average romance, \\"The Bridges of Madison County\\" works well, read it on its own terms and its an enjoyable book.
0812550706|5.0|I finished this book last night and was still asking myself &quot;What if something like this really happened?&quot;  I was thoroughly intrigued by this story and having to use children and their thoughts and plans to win a battle against an alien race that is absolutely nothing like humans.  This story also had me thinking about how races relate to each other, with all the conflicts Ender had to deal with.  This is a book I would recommend and that I will probably read again at a later date and get some other thoughts out of.  A very enjoyable book that makes me want to read more about this amazing character.
B00005B4GU|5.0|I've got both good and bad things to say about Radiohead.<br />Kudos to Radiohead for having so many musical styles in their albums. Right now, their whole catalogue of CDs gives a pretty good range of styles. While John Zorn is able to transcend every musical style on a single CD, we must acknowledge Radiohead's musical diversity and development. You get through the whole album only to find the COMPLETELY PHENOMENAL Life in a glasshouse at the end. Such jazz after lots of electronica was very comforting and it was a wonderful choice for the boys of Radiohead to put that last. All of the songs are good. Radiohead has still not written a bad song. If you think any of these songs are bad, you are narrow-minded.<br />The only bad results of Amnesiac are the new clan of Kid A/Amnesiac Radiohead minions. I am very annoyed at the plethora of people who say things like &quot;Wow! Radiohead are so inventive! It's great to have at least one band doing something different!&quot; or &quot;Radiohead have put art back into music!&quot;. Why am I annoyed at these people? Because there are 50,000 other pretentious &quot;post-rock&quot; bands out there doing the same inventive art-music stuff...AND THEY DO IT BETTER THAN RADIOHEAD! Check out Mogwai, Godspeed You Black Emperor!, Dirty Three, Labradford, the list goes on and on, if you want some beautiful art music. Godspeed is currently making the most beautiful music on the planet. (Of course, Philip Glass sits high above music in an enlightened artistic state that nothing will ever touch.) SO DON'T PRAISE OR ATTACK RADIOHEAD FOR BEING DIFFERENT OR WEIRD BECAUSE THEY AREN'T!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!<br />Radiohead have developed to this musical state and its a shame some people can't take it and it's also a shame that some people are so infatuated with it. <br />So thats what I have to say. Buy Amnesiac. It's solid.
068483605X|5.0|Hmmm...I think this book rating system is broken.  It only lets me go up to 5 stars...hehe.  It's that good.<br />Right now I'm 16 years old, but when I was a 10th grader in High School, I read this book.  But unlike many others, I didn't read it because I had to.  In fact, it's not even required for reading at my High School.  So why did I read it?  Pretty much because I was bored and someone recommended it to me...and the fact that I had to find a book to read for a book report.  I couldn't think of any novel I wanted to read at the time, but then I remembered being recommended to this book.  I went to my local Boarders store and picked it up...but they only had the hardback copy...but I thought 'what the heck' and bought it for an extra 20 bucks.  I'm just weird that way.<br />By the time I finished the book, I could pretty much speak lampine fluently (rabbit language).  The rabbit language really adds to the tone of everything.  Instead of swearing their furry heads off, they would use words like &quot;hraka&quot;, &quot;embleer&quot; and most of all &quot;Frith.&quot;  Everthing about it was...just...brilliant!  This Adams guy had such an imagination way back when.<br />Unfortunately, this book was one of those books that you can't really describe without alienating people.  &quot;Oh, you've got to read this book about intelligent talking rabbits!  It's weird but cool!&quot;  See what I mean?  They'll look at you funny and think you're joking.<br />Watership Down makes you want to BE the characters.  In a way connect with them, or follow them where they go, but only through the eyes of your own imagination.  When you read this book, you can't be thinking &quot;Man, I can't believe I have to read this huge book by the end of the month.&quot;  Doing so destroys the whole intensity of each situation given.  Honestly, I thought the entire book was great, but if you are one of those people who want to know when the true action begins, think to yourself, &quot;I canmake it to Part 3.&quot;  This doesn't mean skip to part three, because you'll be beyond confused.  Read the whole book, you WILL love it.  Anyone who thinks this book is stupid is probably no smarter themselves, so take my advise and no one elses.<br />One more thing, if you have not yet seen the movie, DON'T WATCH IT!!!  Wait until you finish the book and get a picture of what you think each character would look like.  When you watch the movie you'll be surprised.<br />*sigh* I just know I'm not mentioning all the great points of the book...So just buy this book, read it, love and cherish it, and recommend it to everyone without using the word &quot;rabbit&quot; or &quot;bunny&quot;!  Good luck!
B00005B36H|5.0|Tool has done an excellent job in the creation of their next album, laturalus. Their songs are amazing and well written, and Maynard never gives up on how to entertain his fans. Tool has alot of talent and they have the greatest mind of creativity. Their songs (including parabol, parabola, lateralis) are awsome. If you are a big fan of tool, then this is one album that you should not miss.
B00003CXV4|5.0|Sweet November is a must for Keanu Reeves fans! It is romantic and both Keanu Reeves and Charlize Theron do yet another fantastic job together! It's a tear-jerker, but it's a beautifu; story and definetly beats Autumn in New York and the old version of Sweet November! Congrats to the stars of the show!
B00005ASQ1|5.0|Nothing more to say than this movie touched my heart.
B00005BL2A|2.0|While this CD starts out well, after the first two tracks, it's pretty painful to listen to.  Some Interesting ideas, but too many of the songs are just missing so much of what makes Depeche Mode so good.  Plus there are a couple of songs, that sound like they just needed to add a few songs.<br />I waited so long for this album, and especially after hearing Dream On, I had high expectations.  But now this CD is back in its case, and will probably be there for a while.
B00004SCX6|1.0|I'll start off by saying that Britney Spears has no talet as a singer. So why bother listening to someone if they can't even sing! The songs on this C.D. are either sappy, or just plain stupid. Plus, they all sound the same. If you want to buy this C.D. to use as a coaster, then please, be my guest, but don't buy this C.D. thinking that it will have good music.
6305263248|5.0|Having recently seen and written an Amazon.com review for \\"Swordfish\\", it got into my mind to take another look at \\"Ronin\\", the 1998 action/intrigue drama cut from the same cloth as the recent Travolta film.  <br />Directed by John Frankenheimer and written by JD Zeik and (under a pseudonym) David Mamet, \\"Ronin\\" is the epitome of filmmaking done correctly, combining smart direction, a well-crafted script, and first-rate actors.  It is a spy thriller on par with the great genre films of the 60's and an equal to the best of the James Bond series.  While only modestly successful at the box office upon its release, word of mouth has garnered this film a well-deserved cult following.<br />The film starts in the Alistair MacLean tradition, with a group of professionals (in this case mercenaries with various skills), none of whom know each other, meeting with a client who has a job for them to do.   Ronin is a Japanese term for a samurai without a master, the ultimate disgrace for a warrior.  The Ronin in this film, taking place in modern day France, are presumably agents without governments either because of their own hidden failures or perhaps because the end of the Cold War leaves them with a bit of a shallow resume for normal forms of employment.  Thus, men and women like this find themselves forced into jobs like the one that drives the film, with strangers they don't know, for reasons they will never be told, and only the promise of enough pay for them to subsist on until the next job comes along.  <br />The beauty of the \\"Ronin\\" script is that very little (if any) light is shed into the backgrounds of the characters involved.  It is clear that the past is done with these characters, so they are blank slates for the audience, who can paint their opinions with their observations and insights as the film moves along.  Eschewing the traditional path of developing characters through exposition, Mamet and Zeik craft the plot so that the main arc of the story itself reveals understanding enough for the characters.  There is a plot to \\"Ronin\\", a simple McGuffin tale of desired prizes and double-crosses, but the movie isn't about that.  The theme of \\"Ronin\\" is inspired by more than just the Japanese term.  It is a descendant of Kurosawa's \\"Yojimbo\\", where Toshiro Mifune's Sanjuro throws a stick on the ground as a way to decide which direction he will go.  That way will find him great adventure and danger but, in the end, there will just be another crossroads and another stick.  \\"Ronin\\" is a modern-day meditation on the same type of figure.<br />Frankenheimer directs it all with great verve and panache, including a number of car chase sequences that leave the viewer with mouth agape.  Rounding out the supreme professionalism of the film is one of the best ensembles to ever grace the genre.  Leading the pack is Robert DeNiro as \\"Sam\\", and accompanied by an international who's who including Jean Reno, Stellan Skarsgrd, Jonathan Pryce, and Michael Lonsdale.  With all the pieces in place, \\"Ronin\\" is both a great film and a classic of the genre.  Highly recommended.
6305603847|4.0|Let me start by saying I am a big Pink Floyd fan, though I had never seen &quot;The Wall&quot;, and I was very excited when I bought it today.  I watched it in awe, not believing what I was seeing.  The movie somewhat lived up to the hype I had heard about it, but it's something you have to see to believe.  The music really enhanced the movie a lot, so if your a big Pink Floyd fan and have not seen this movie, you don't know what your missing.  The DVD extras are nice too, which makes this DVD worth your money.
B00005B4GU|5.0|Seeing the reaction of many of those who dislike Amnesiac, I can only imagine that these people (or their parents) were similarly apoplectic over the white album. &quot;These aren't the Beatles who gave us 'I Wanna Hold Your Hand'!! Wah!&quot; Or maybe they had a fit over Bob Dylan's electric guitar. No doubt they'll need another 20 years to come to terms with the Clash's dabbling in dub &amp; reggae, and still resent Nirvana for In Utero.<br />Please move on, and enjoy your collection of music. The Bends is still there, it's still your friend. (I recommend you supplement it with the 8-cut My Iron Lung EP, the one with The Trickster on it, which is marred only by a nasty acoustic take on &quot;Creep&quot;.)<br />And I still like the Bends and OK Computer as well...but I'd be soooo disappointed if Radiohead did nothing but remake those two records. Thank you for Kid A and Amnesiac. Beautiful.
B00002ZMNV|5.0|I just got this DVD and I have to say Metallica makes the best music home videos/DVD's on the market (if only the same could be said for their recent albums).  Just about all the songs are performed great, my only gripe is they played too much material from &quot;Load&quot; and &quot;ReLoad&quot;, while they should have played a lot more stuff from &quot;Ride the Lightning&quot; and &quot;...And Justice For All&quot; (and I think a lot of Metallica fans feel the same way I do).  All in all, it's a good buy, and the documentary is pretty funny, plus you get to see how the whole thing came together.
6302518393|5.0|I love all Beethoven's movies. I like that part on Beethoven's2nd  when they were all at the carnival Beethoven was signed up for Hamburger contest, that other dog was eating his one hamburger he drank the drink.I would love to meet the Actor And Actress.There are 3 parts of Beethoven.Its Beethoven, Beethoven's 2nd, and Beethoven's 3rd.
B000056N8X|5.0|I had heard a lot of things about this movie, including hearing fellow Highlander fans panning this beyond belief.  Well, I'm a devoted Highlander fan, and I must say I loved this movie a hell of a lot.  True, it's nothing worthy of an Academy Award, but it's the best since the original (God only knows &quot;Final Dimension&quot; was horrible beyond belief), and the fight scenes are great (the best in the Highlander series).  I hope they make more Highlander movies with Duncan, Joe, and Methos, or at least bring back the series (I really miss it, the new series &quot;The Raven&quot; sucked).  All in all, I was pleased with &quot;Endgame&quot;, and the extras included are pretty sweet too.
B00003CXRP|4.0|Cast Away is definitely one of the most memorable films of the year. It does remarkably well with such an old concept, the stranded-on-an-island premise. But thanks to the direction and Tom Hanks, we frequently forget it is rooted in clich. <br />Hanks plays a Federal Express employee who is always keeping track of time to deliver the next package. One day his plane crashes in the sea and he becomes stranded on a deserted island.<br />The middle bulk of the film, I'd guess about one and a half hours long, taking place on the island, is fantastic. This is quite an unconventional film, at least in this part of the movie-- it quietly, methodically, silently shows us how Hanks tries to survive the island. There is no music and no dialogue at all for 20-minute stretches at a time, and the only dialogue that does appear is when Hanks makes friends with a volleyball. It lets us simply watch the battle between Hanks and nature. (What's also appreciated is how the film doesn't use any of the standard desert-island clichs that have shown up in film recently: no hostile natives and no drug smugglers.)<br />When talking about the acting here, there's only one person you can mention, because no one else is on screen long enough to make an impression. Hanks' acting is great. And no, I don't mean his physical transformation. That is indeed impressive, but that's not acting- that's fitting the physical requirements for the role. No, I'm talking about his acting: the way he convinces us he's going mad on the island without turning it into a comedic parody of itself, the way he makes us feel sympathy for a beach ball, and the way he becomes so attached to the island that he cries at the thought of leaving it. He has a tough job in this film, to not only act well but support the entire film with his acting alone, and he succeeds wonderfully. <br />As for the bookends of the film, the beginning is fairly standard, setting up the themes we know will be touched upon, but the ending is very effective, sad and realistic. It is during this final part of the film that, as a couple of reviewers have already pointed out, we finally understand the true meaning of the title. <br />All in all, Cast Away is a great film, and a great DVD, too. Two discs of features should give one plenty of extra viewing time. Most notable are the always-appreciated director's commentary, supplied by Robert Zemeckis, and a featurette on Wilson, the volleyball.<br />(PS: Be careful if you happen to see any commercials for this movie, because during its theatrical run some ads gave away the ending.)
B00004XOWM|1.0|This album is atrocious. It has no right to be called music, let alone rock. Limp Bizkit is worse than any of those no-talent 80's hair bands. The so-called &quot;music&quot; has absolutely no emotion whatsoever. Lyrically, a ten-year old could do better. All that egotistical Fred Durst can say is &quot;f this,f that.&quot; Ridiculous. The musicians are only slightly better, fairly mediocre, if you ask me. And poking fun of Reznor? Trent is a thousand times better than Fred could ever imagine. He is not a moronic poseur like these sorry individuals. Save your cash for Nirvana or Smashing Pumpkins. Or try a little known band called the Get-Up Kids. Actually, 90% of the music today is better than Limp Bizkit, and that says alot.
0140157352|5.0|As a student who is studying conflict resolution, this book is the everything you need to know about how to deal with problems. It is more of a psychological look of practicality. I keep a copy of it for all purposes, that along with the sequal getting past no. They not only give lots of information, but are hilarious to read in understanding human interactations, all that can be related to everyones lives.
B00000K0DT|5.0|This movie has perhaps the best surpise ending that I've ever seen - much better than The Sixth Sense.  It leads you down a path throughout the film, seems to confirm it, and then turns it around as if to say &quot;ha ha, look what I made you believe&quot; before you have a chance to wipe the smug grin off your face that you got as soon as you thought you figured it out.<br />The acting of the master criminals is superb - Gabriel Byrne is fantastic as Dean Keaton, Kevin Pollak wonderful in a surprising turn, and Kevin Spacey in a (well-deserved) Oscar winning performance.  The supporting cast, including Chazz Palminteri and Pete Postlethwaite, is also outstanding.<br />The real star of this film, though, is the plot.  It's very well thought out, suspenseful, and keeps you on the edge of your seat.  Though nothing can match watching it for the first time, it's great to watch it again and again.
B00000G3Q4|5.0|THE EVIL DEAD is Director Sam Raimi's directorial debut. The stoy is about five Post-teens:Ash (Bruce Campbell), Scotty (Hal Delrich), Sheryl (Elen Sandwies), Linda , and  Shelly who go to a cabin in the woods. the Two guys Ash and scotty find a tape in the cellar of the cabin. they play the tape and the demons in the woods are awakend!                                                          THE EVIL DEAD is Part 1 in a series of 3 which really is one story that takes place within the same couple of days.<br />SOUND: DOLBY DIGITAL 5.1 SOUROUND <br />VIDEO: 1.33:1 FULL FRAME<br />FEATURES: COMENTARY BY DIRECTOR SAM RAIMI WITH PRODUCER ROBERT G. TAPERT COMENTARY BY STAR BRUCE CAMPBELL THEATRICAL TRAILER 20 mns OF SHOOTING FOOTAGE STILL GALLERY<br />   If You yearn to watch violence and comedy buy this movie!    And its Sequels!
0062502182|2.0|This book came to me highly recommended by an Argentinian friend.  What a disappointment.  Half way through I thought, &quot;Oh no!  Another Jonathan Livingston Seagull!&quot;  I loathed JLS.  I have trouble with books that espouse everything is possible and life doesn't involve compromises and choices.  Romantic love is experienced instanteously.  Within 5 minutes the main character is ready to commit his entire life to a woman he has just met.  She is so detached that she allows him to leave forever while claiming she will love him passionately til her death.  Follow your dream and only good things will happen.  What pap!
6305841861|5.0|EVIL DEAD II is Director Sam Raimi's second film. Fowlowing Where part 1 left off. Ash (Bruce Campbell) has just defeated all the zombie demons and is leaving the cabin. But as he is about to go into his car a demon flys through the air and rockets him through the woods. The demon crashes Ash into a tree, he is now possesed but the sunlight shines on him and then the demon leaves Ash, He is lucky to be alive. And after that night of terror Ash passes out. Ash wakes up just as the sun is going down so Ash gets in his car and drives to the bridge and the bridge is out! So Ash our hero speeds back to the cabin for another night of Horror!<br />SOUND: DOLBY DIGITAL 5.1 SOUROUND<br />VIDEO: 1.85:1 ANAMORPHIC WIDESCREEN 1.33:1 FULL SCREEN<br />FEATURES: COMENTARY BY STAR BRUCE CAMPBELL,DIRECTOR SAM RAIMI, WRITER SCOTT SPIGEL, AND MAKE-UP ARTIST GREG NICOTERO THEATRICAL TRAILER 30 mn FEATURETT VIDEO GAME PREVUE STILL GALERY TALENT BIOS THX OPTI-MODE<br />   If You Liked EVIL DEAD or lots and lots of gore Buy this    and part 3 aswell!
B00005BJ2O|4.0|The movie's not bad at all, and the soundtrack follows, with some great music and very original music from Nicole K, Ewan McGregor and Fatboy Slim. The Pink, Mya etc song is already a hit, and this is definitely one of the best soundtracks of the year so far.
B00001ODHJ|5.0|ARMY OF DARKNESS: EVIL DEAD III is Director Sam Raimi's fourth film. ARMY OF DARKNESS: EVIL DEAD III begins where EVIL DEAD II left off. Our hero Ash gets time warped back to the middle ages. He has to join forces with king Artuhr in order to get back to his own time. Ash must do this by finding the book of the dead. But in order to take the book from the graveyard its in you must recite some magic words if you just take the book the Dead shall walk again and band together and take it back with force. Ash forgets the words . So Ash, king Arthur, and the good people of Arthur's kingdom must make an army to stop the Evil Dead so Ash can get back to his own time! <br />SOUND: DOLBY DIGITAL 5.1 SOURROUND<br />VIDEO: 1.85:1 ANAMORPHIC WIDESCREEN 1.33:1  FULL SCREEN<br />FEATURES: ORIGINAL ENDING ( as an extra.) 20 mn FEATURETTE THEATRICAL TRAILER TALENT BIOS<br />If you love Action comedy or horror or evil dead buy this movie! This End to the EVIL DEAD trilogy is great especially the ending. it has to have one of the collest endings i'v ever seen.
B00003CXN4|1.0|This movie is only the second movie i have ever walked out on. there really isn't any plot. the  scenes in mexico hurt your eyes because of the coloring. the show never ties anything together the only good thing about the show was Catherine Zeta-Jones. OVERRATED MOVIE OF THE YEAR!
B00003CXN4|5.0|its the only word to describe it.  its such a realistic look on the subject its about (thats all i can tell you because if one part is revieled then it ruins the movie).  its deffinately not for the faint hearted but if you like intense movies this is one to watch.
B00003CXRP|5.0|Cast Away is one of those rare movie experiences. Do not be surprised if you question the ending and purpose of the movie after you first watch it. I had the same feelings. The real experience of the movie is when you continue to thing about it later that day and many days there after. It is a metaphor for the work-a-holic, ultimately questioning whether it all is worth it in the end. Tom Hanks is absolutely brilliant as the main character(he was robbed of the oscar). Although the movie is long, Hanks is able to hold up the movie. This one is a keeper for lovers of cinema. You also have to appreciate the fact that Robert Zemickis decided to direct a movie with a storyline that is far from mainstream. Forget what you've heard from friends and family about this movie, at least check it out and judge it for yourself...you may be pleasantly surprised.
B00005BJC7|1.0|Yes, we got the \\"library\\" book and all (which is mostly pictures).<br />First off, this sounds nothing like Boards of Canada, Autechre, Aphex Twin.  I am familiar with all of them.  I often feel that many have difficulty differentiating the sounds of electronic artists perhaps because it is so \\"new\\" ...  many seem to hear the electrons bursting but can't hear the structural signatures yet.  If you want to know how Amnesiac sounds, read the review in (publication) (not to be mistaken with the article/hype).<br />  I have explored electronica, trance, concept work, minimalism, atonal stuff, avant garde (inclu fripp, calix, etc), love impressionism, Bjork is my mainstream ...  I am not a radio junky ... and I can enjoy 5-piece rock bands and ethereal machine music equally.  One more bit:  I enjoyed Kid A right from the start.  And now for my theory.<br />  In the video called \\"Meeting People is Easy\\", Radiohead was featured in all the realm and glory of OK Computer success.  Thom Yorke was MOST perturbed about how unnatural it was for them to be hailed and treated like gods.  The idolatry stunned and bewildered them all and really stabbed Thom at a the deepest level.  We know the band's familiar themes of pinpointing negative patterns of modern culture/society...  then they unwillingly \\"became\\" gods within that very society they loathe and ache inside of.  OUCH!!  Think about it.<br />  The material from Kid A and Amnesiac were recorded at the same time soon after that.  In Kid A, I believe Radiohead took the opportunity to play around with those \\"exciting new\\" electronic sounds now that they felt the full freedom to do so, knowing that they will lose listeners who cannot appreciate music of this nature which has a more ethereal beauty since it resonates at a higher frequency than many operate on.  In short, if you can't hear past a 5-piece rock band (and maybe some hackneyed Mozart piece), Kid A was obviously not for you.<br />  The rumors began that a \\"real\\" rock album was coming out soon after. Then comes Amnesiac.  After being let down a few releases in the last year, I truly began listening to Amnesiac with NO expectations.  After a minute into track two my theory came together.  (I have this \\"silly belief\\" that I can hear intentions behind music -call it intent,sincerity, whatever.)  Amnesiac is overall quite painful.  Radiohead is trying to lose their HUGE fan following.  I believe that to blindly praise their every release as brilliant is causing them even more duress.  They are testing the intelligence of their listeners -- will ANYTHING they put out be hailed?  Did they really hear the quality in Kid A or is our name synonymous with some gross concept of perfection!?!?  When I hear this CD and read articles and reactions, everything up through the closing verse of Glass House seems to validates my theory, -- \\"is somebody listening?\\"  Does Amnesiac = \\"FORGET US\\"?!?<br />  Sure, a FEW tracks are semi-decent compared to the norm, but not by Radiohead standards.  Truly, you wait for them to really take off --like the loungey Knives Out that never spins out, for example.  To paraphrase a friend of mine, \\"they never throw you the bone.\\"  These are the scraps from Kid A they could've easily melded to titanium -but didn't.<br />  Thom Yorke's voice is gorgeous and sure, they know how to play. Amnesiac is a collection of sounds alternating from potentially gorgeous ballads DELIBERATELY CAPPED to numb listener satisfaction ... to sonic tracks with (in my opinion) NO musical value.  THIS IS DELIBERATE.  I truly believe it.  Not a single blip on here even compares in quality to any previous b-side of theirs (post-Pablo Honey).  Unlike the aesthetic relativists, I still see distinctions between art-music and free-for-all-ism.<br />  Read the(publication) review (can't believe I'm recommending them!) and it will even further enforce my theory about the band's psychological intentions with this release.  For the rest of the tracks that aren't total junk, it is a dark purge directed at the fans for their overzealous glorification of a band comprised of a few fellow human beings.<br />--could be wrong, (doubt it!!)cks that aren't total junk, it is a dark purge directed at the fans for their overzealous glorification of a band comprised of a few fellow human beings.<br />--could be wrong, (doubt it!!)
6302648750|5.0|In this comedy movie,enternal youth is better.Helen Sharp(Goldie Hawn)just lost her future husband,Dr.Ernest Menvile(Bruce Willis) by a big shot bimbo actress Madiline Ashton(Meryl Streep).14 years later.....Helen used to be a fat wacko but her age is 50,lok on the cover to see what's changed.(Woman with hole in body)Mad turns from a pretty woman to an old woman,UNTIL she meets a new friend Lisa who is 71 years old and has the body of a 20 year old.Lisa gives Mad a potion that stops the aging process dead in it's tracks and forces it into retreat.Lisa tells her to drink that potion and beauty returns and you will never DIE!Don't drink and you will rot away.To see maore watch the movie.Out of 10 I would give this film 9 stars.Rated PG-13 for violence,language,adult content,and a scene of nudity.I think 8 and up for this film.
B00000IAU3|5.0|&quot;No Angel&quot; is one of those special, rare album releases where every single track delivers, lyrically and melodically. It is music that does not get old with the passage of time, but in fact, it gets better the more you listen to it. There is music here for every mood, when you're in love, when you're heartbroken, when you're happy and when you're sad. And Dido has a beautiful voice that can be haunting, uplifting and captivating. &quot;My Lover's Gone&quot; is the best song here, it is haunting, with a touch of ancient musical styles arranged for modern sounds. And the lyrics are deep and clear. It is a very beautiful song. The lyrics in all the songs are unique and clear, with real thoughts and feelings vibrating between the lines. So many times do we get artists who present lazy ways of expressing their musical ideas, not here with Dido, who presents some of the best lyrics I've ever heard from a female artist. &quot;Here With Me&quot; is also full of emotion and is on par with Sarah Brightman's rendition of it in &quot;La Luna.&quot; This is an album with a unique sound for those looking for wonderful, deep modern music. I cannot wait for new music from this most excellent artist and her crew.
B00005B4GU|5.0|this is album is better than kid a.  pyramid song is one of the  top 5 radiohead songs ever, and a few of the others aren't far behind.  what makes radiohead good are the subtleties that are layered in with the music.  upon first listen, most people wouldn't even be able to pick up on it.  i hated radiohead the first time i heard them, and now i think they're most talented group of musicians in the world.  after every listen, every radiohead album gets better.  this album is no exception.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|I thought this movie was flatout wonderful! It had comedy, suspense, romance, tradgedy, great musical numbers, and pretty women all packed into one movie. It's cool how the producers had the guts to make a musical, since There hasn't been very many musicals lately. It was worth it, goto see it. Don't wait till it comes out on tape or you will be sorry you missed it! Go see it! I hope this review was helpful.
B0000062GE|5.0|That is the perfect way to describe this masterpiece. I've read some other reviews of this and I agree with many points. Chris Hall is perhaps, with the exception of Chris Cornell and Maynard James Keenan, one of the best vocalists in rock music today. His lyrics are fantastic and are incredibly emotional and introspective. Darkest Days is Stabbing Westward's attempt at a concept album, in my opinion. It's a structured descent into the darkness of this particular person's life and how, at the end, he breaks out of his prison of depression by realizing who has put him through this and forcing the same torture on them. The album's closer, Waking Up Beside You, is a bit harder to explain in the album's structure. My intepretation is that somewhere in this descent (the song You Complete Me) he found someone who would actually love him and since the relationship was ruined he is longing for her back. I cry EVERYTIME I get to this song. It reminds me of all the good relationships I've had that were destroyed. In addition to the words, the music is the band's best. The depression expressed in Desperate Now and the pure anger-fueled violence of The Thing I Hate are probably the perfect examples of how the music blends perfectly with the words to create that particular song's mood. A true masterpiece.
B00005K3O4|5.0|With this film, the Chiodo brothers (in answer to your question, &quot;key-oh-doh&quot;) created a sci-fi horror picture that is legendary even today. A perfect example of how easy it is to take something cute and beloved, tilt it just a little off center and make it horrifying.<br />The idea is simple - aliens that look like clowns land on earth and wreak havoc.  Their ship looks like a big top (in more ways than one - it looks like a child's toy, screws itself deep into the earth, and what's left above ground looks like a circus tent) and the Plutonian Punchinellos make their way around town raising cain with living balloon animals, shadow puppets that do a Jurasssic Park on bystanders, and evil twisted takes on every prop and gag connected with clowns.<br />Paying tribute to many classic b-picture cliches but being directly derivative of none, the film is a delight from start to finish.  The Chiodo's makeup work is unique and well done on a small budget, and the designs are truly memorable.  Many people have Killer Klown tattoos, not knowing where the characters came from.  The sets of the alien ship are like what Forbidden Planet designed by Dr Seuss would have looked like.<br />Creepiest scene in the film - the clowns collect the cotton-candy cocoons they've created with a massive parade float, with dark carnival music playing in the background.<br />One of a short list of films that my sister STILL can't watch.<br />As if the film wasn't cool enough, add in the title song by The Dickies, the &quot;Hardest working cover band in the business&quot; and you've got a package that's an e-ticket for sure.
B00005B4GU|5.0|I can't help it. When I listen to Radiohead's new cd &quot;Amnesiac&quot; I am reminded of Pink Floyd. I know Radiohead are their own band and the comparison is meant in a good way because Pink Floyd's glory days have long since passed. I like &quot;Amnesiac&quot; for it's lack of pop singles pre-packaged for mass consumption. I am amazed at how the band has grown and changed since &quot;Pablo Honey&quot;. If U2 and R.E.M. were the bands to watch in the 1980's, then Radiohead is certainly the band I'm keeping an eye on from the 1990's. They're more experimental than Pearl Jam or Nirvana and just skirt the fringes of rock mainstream. Always inventive, Radiohead's &quot;Amnesiac&quot; throws some new sounds into the mix like &quot;Packt Like Sardines In A Crushd Tin Box&quot;, &quot;Pulk/Pull Revolving Doors&quot; and &quot;I Might Be Wrong&quot; which introduce a rythm and blues/funkiness that I have not heard on their prior works. My girlfriend questioned if I was in the mood for the type of music Radiohead is making on &quot;Amnesiac&quot; because she felt it to be depressing. She said she didn't like Radiohead. Well, if the music is depressing, I don't have a problem with it. I don't know if Radiohead would describe their sound as depressing, but maybe it is. I like melancholic music, it fits part of my view of life, the dullness, the alienation, the inability to connect to other people. Perhaps that is what Radiohead has been trying to communicate since the beginning. I suspect that of all the music I buy this year, &quot;Amnesiac&quot; will be one of the most experimental and least accessible and most memorable. Four stars or five, this is still one band and one cd that will not compromise and give into the current musical trend of banal, corporate bubblegum.
B000059Z8J|5.0|This movies is one of the best movies never appreciated.  Chris Reeve and Gene Hackman are great.  Marlon Brando is, well Brando (and even more Brandoish with the added scenes.)  The special effects are of its time and might be rejected by us.  The added &quot;gauntlet&quot; scenes are worth the new purchase and only add to a movie with great performances and fine writing.  Buy it.
6305171769|2.0|i'm givin this movie two stars because good ole Michael Myers and Laurie Strode make a trivial return.  this time jamie lee is older...more mature...headmistress at a boarding school??  yep, and she's got a kid...who is 17 in the movie.  then theres Michael...same mask...same old-school gas station uniform, and a big gleamin' knife.  don't lose me here....those two characters are fun to see for a minute, but throughout a whole movie?  maybe if the story was freakin' better....maybe if the movie was thought out a little bit more....maybe if this film was longer!!  sorry, but halloween I &amp; II are classics....this movie really should not have been made.  the scare tactic of actor exiting frame right, only to bump into someone with a simultaneous keyboard/ string section/ cymbal crash is used over and over and over and over it quickly became a bad record.  sure, the original halloweens had that, but man there was so much more intrigue.  i really wanted to like this movie, but listen up kiddies, if you want a real scare...i mean a scare that will have you judging strange shadows in the dead of night when the power and the phone mysteriously go out...well if you want a hair raising scare, meet Michael Myers in halloween I &amp; II.  halloween H2O was a great idea on paper....it just got lost...way lost on it's way to film.  skip this one folks....
B000056K04|2.0|DMB is a great band, and this album showcases that once again. However, the songs sound incredibly over-produced.  This album is a creative stretch for a creative group, and I believe it would have worked a lot better if the mixing and remastering had been toned down several notches.  Not the best studio effort from the group, but 10 of the 12 songs here have huge potential to be as standard as Tripping Billies or Ants Marching after fans here them live.  Steve Lillywhite was doing great things with DMB, and why they decided to go on this tangent is anyone's guess, but they should stear clear of Glen Ballard's role as producer in the future.
B00005BCNC|4.0|Castaway would have been even a better movie if Tom Hanks would have just remained on the island, or maybe the final scene would have been seeing that he just gets rescued.  Hollywood got their fingers into the mix, most likely, and nearly ruined the movie.<br />However, the movie works brilliantly as a documentary.  It really should have been called &quot;How We Learn&quot; (but of course, then, noone would have seen it) because it shows the true iterative process that people go through to learn a new task.  Tom Hanks, and maybe even more the director, was great at showing how inept the castaway was when Hanks first landed on the island at even doing the &quot;simplest&quot; tasks.  The scene where he tries to get a fire started was great, because it took long enough, even in &quot;movie time&quot; for us to know that this is no trivial matter without matches.  (I nearly felt blisters on my fingers by the time that he got his first fire!)  How many times have we seen actors in a movie learn a new task and perform it perfectly the first time (just watch any dance flick)?  It just doesn't happen that way.  Thankfully, Castaway doesn't insult our intelligence and shows us how painful learning really can be.<br />Does the director's cut remove the ending?  Because if it does, this fine documentary will be soon showing on the Discovery Channel.  Otherwise, catch the movie version for &quot;free&quot; on HBO and save your $100.
B00005B4GU|5.0|First, this album is not for Radiohead new-comers. Beings Radiohead is one of the foremost progressive rock bands (and one of the most important bands out there), their sound began with 'PABLO HONEY' and has led to this, 'Amnesiac'. Don't tred water until you know how deep it is. <br />For a seasoned Radiohead-head, 'AMNESIAC' was worth the wait. It's not exactly KID B, because this album could easily stand on it's own, as a seperate work. The songs however, can be seen as what else was recorded during the KID A sessions. Quite a duality. Packed with soaring and very haunting, if not catchy, melodies 'AMNESIAC' is Radiohead trying to achieve a new peak in their career. Sounds lie beyond melodies, as if visions of decadence, mystery, and a sobbing bear dance in your head. It's a powerful, yet complex album where the very gut of what is Radiohead hides behind a mask of &quot;what will they think of next?&quot;. Radiohead a ROCK BAND, not to be underestimated. They can do anything, better than anyone else, and still maintain their Pink Floyd of the Computer Age style and withdrawn, 'not playing the fame game' image.<br />Johnny Greenwood explained recently in an interview that the 6th album (which they claim they have material now for it already) will have more guitar. Did we really miss it that much? With the phenomenal work Radiohead has done with KID A and AMNESIAC, Radiohead is the band to watch now and in the future. Grab a copy of Amnesiac, invite &quot;you and your croonies&quot; over for one of the most incredible listens of the year, or enjoy it by yourself. Do I hear a &quot;Best Alternative Performance&quot; in the distance?
0802133347|3.0|I often find that a number of classics are highly overrated.  I believe this to be true of this novel.  That it was written so long ago is what makes it noteworthy.  The story often feels drawn out; and, during the course of reading this, I found my mind wandering off.  I probably would not recommend this book to anyone, but I might not encourage them to avoid reading it either.
B00005BJ2O|4.0|Truth! Beauty! Freedom! Love!<br />This is a great CD. So much so I can't stop playing it. (It's going as I write this.) So let's go track by track...<br />1) Nature Boy- From the Ewan's first spine chilling line &quot;This story is about love, and the woman I loved is dead.&quot; you *know* this is going to be a good movie. The song really captures Christian's character and contains the movie's theme &quot;The greatest thing you'll ever learn is...&quot; four Stars.<br />2) Lady Marmalade- One of my least favourite tracks, I can't get into Lil' Kims voice. It's so raunchy. I like the original of this song better, but it's a good remake. I'm just glad it didn't factor as much into the movie as it played on the radio! Overall it's catchy so 3 1/2 stars.<br />3) Because We Can- A fun loud track this is great it makes you want to get up and dance. One of my favourites. Five stars because we can can can!<br />4) Sparkling Diamonds- This is a fast paced track and the &quot;Diamonds&quot; is effectively mixed with &quot;Material Girl&quot;. Nicole pulls it off nicely. Four stars!<br />5) Rhythm of the Night- I enjoy this song. It makes me energetic. It's not the best remake, and the &quot;Moulin Rouge&quot; lyrics added in seem forced. It's still a nice song though. 3 1/2 stars.<br />6)Your Song- Wow! I don't like Elton John, but Ewan can *really* sing and pulls of this song. It's a beautiful scene in the movie and a great song. Four stars.<br />7) Children of the Revolution- Not bad, but not my favourite. It has a catchy tune, and good vocals though. 3 stars.<br />8) One Day I'll fly Away-Soft, and swelling to great heights this song showcases Nicole's sweet but inexperienced voice well. It's a nice song, and a very poignant scene of the film. 5 stars.<br />9) Diamond Dogs- I like the tune of this song but I don't think Beck is the best singer. The introduction and the chourus are the best bits. 2 1/2 stars.<br />10) Elephant Love Medley- Despite its odd name this is byfar my favourite track. It's a fabulous mix of so many different songs. Didn't you just want to clap when Ewan broke out into Heros? &quot;You'd think the world would've had enough of silly love songs....I look around me and I see it isn't so!&quot; 5+ stars.<br />11) Come What May- It's an original for the movie and it's so sweet. I loved the &quot;secret song idea&quot;. I've been singing this and ELM(10) over and over for the past week, so I obviously like it. A lot. 4 1/2 stars.<br />12) El Tango De Roxanne- The Police aren't my favourite band, but I think that this song is *so* much better. The tango number is so intense, and so is Ewan. It's a great song, but maybe more so on film than on the CD. 4 stars.<br />13) Complainte De La Butte- My French is rather rough, but this song is nice and mellow, and I love the translated verses. 4 stars.<br />14) Hindi Sad Diamonds- This is another song that might not transfer movie to soundtrack easily. I personally liked it, but then I like listening to Hindi chants. 3 1/2 stars.<br />15) Nature Boy- I already mentioned that I like Nature Boy, but I like the version in track 1 much better. I'd have picked another song from the movie for this final track. 2 1/2 stars.<br />It's really a great CD, and you *should* buy it! I'm just hoping for another CD (they've certainly got enough music), and that &quot;Come What May&quot; is the next single.
B00004T40X|5.0|I have a stack of new albums to listen to, literally about 50 deep right now, and this was one of the top 3 or 4 that I was looking forward to. I'm real pleased to say that it was worth the wait, and this one isn't going to leave my player anytime soon. &quot;Ecliptica&quot; is simply one of the best albums by a new metal band I've heard in at least 10 years. Midway through the disc I found myself shaking and tapping my whole body, smiling and nodding my head the whole time, checking the lyric sheet so I could sing along.<br />I had the same feeling I did upon hearing &quot;Keeper of the Seven Keys, Part II&quot; and &quot;Operation: Mindcrime&quot; - that's how good this record is. Vocalist and keyboardist Tony (the liner notes don't give their last names) is amazing; his powerful range truly acts as another melodic instrument in a wide-ranging mix. And speaking of full-sounding instruments, his keyboard playing ability is nothing to shake a stick at. The keys often take a high, powerfully lifting melody, in perfect unison with the naturally strong guitars. I dare any listener out there to get to the track &quot;Full Moon,&quot; hear the backup harmonies chanting &quot;run away run away, run away&quot; and NOT get goose bumps at the sheer power of the song. That particular track is one of those rare ones that comes along every so often; the kind that's worth the price of admission. Hell, the kind that's worth me wanting to fly to Germany or something to check these guys out live!<br />Anyway, don't just take my word for it, get this record. There's barnburning speedy melodic anthems like &quot;Blank File&quot; and &quot;8th Commandment,&quot; gorgeous and yet still mesmerizingly powerful ballads like &quot;Replica,&quot; and moody and beautiful epics like the somber &quot;Letter to Dana.&quot; I can't say enough great things about this album. You really need to own this. Get all of it!
B000000Y59|5.0|PORTRAIT IN JAZZ, like all the material recorded by the transcedental trio of Evans/LaFaro/Motian, is timeless and crucial. Scott LaFaro would tragically die in a car accident immediately following the legendary Village Vanguard dates that produced SUNDAY AT THE VILLAGE VANGUARD and WALTZ FOR DEBBY, arguably robbing Evans of his single greatest accompanist. Together, these two musicians could propel each other through their playing to reach a point of absolute synergy that forever changed the nature of jazz trio piano. One note of interest for those with exposure to Evans only through KIND OF BLUE - Evan's own performance of BLUE IN GREEN is here, further illustrating how pivotal Evan's role was on that landmark Miles Davis session. EXPLORATIONS is also essential.  One note on the Amazon review, though - this was not his 2nd record date as a leader, it was his 3rd.  People often overlook his first Riveside album from 1956, NEW JAZZ EXPLORATIONS, but it contains many seeds of what would soon develop under Miles's guidance.
B00005LB9O|4.0|Travis has returned with a follow-up to 1999's The Man Who that stays faithfully to the breathy gentle acoustic numbers, and a couple upbeat numbers. I think that The Man Who had more of a flow to it than The Invisible Band does, nonetheless there are some fine songs on this disc, making it one of the better albums of this year. If you enjoyed The Man Who, then more than likely you should like this album as well! Dan.
B00005B4GU|3.0|You can&#8217;t fault Radiohead for eulogizing rock&#8217;s timely end.  Inundated with sheltered lullabies, Kid A put all the robot clichs out to pasture and drove a dagger through the heart of every like-minded Yorkie with aspiring dreams to become the next Radiohead. And though this follow-up &#8211; aptly titled Amnesiac due to aimless post-rock noodling on &#8220;Push/Pulk Revolving Doors&#8221; and the Mogwai wannabe &#8220;Hunting Bears&#8221; (my how the tables have turned for those arrogant ...) &#8211; doesn&#8217;t deliver on Capitol Records&#8217; promise of a so-called return to form, the dotted landscape offers up a few charming ballads (&#8220;Pyramid Song,&#8221; &#8220;You and Whose Army?&#8221;) and a sparkling jazz anthem (&#8220;Life in a Glasshouse&#8221;) that equally matches Radiohead&#8217;s best pound-for-pound.  But if you listen closely, the funeral for rock&#8217;s beloved OK anti-hero still goes on in &#8220;Knives Out&#8221;:  &#8220;I want you to know / He&#8217;s not coming back.&#8221;  It's time to finally lay one of the last and greatest rock albums of all-time to rest.
0060922583|5.0|I have lived with this book for two or more years. Have read it at least five times and still find it totally fascinating. I am a seeker and so many things that Michael wrote answered so many of my forever questions. It has inspired me. My art work deals with  transformation. Talbot indicated the close relation between the physists and the mystics and the possibilty that we can access unthought of realms through the holographic mind/brain/spirit complex.
B00004S6GL|2.0|I'm with my brother on this one, 'Figure 8' is terrible. Elliott - what happened?!? I realize that since signing on to Dreamworks, Smith has been able to make music at a production level he's for some time dreamed of playing with, and that his pop sensibilities have now been allowed to take flight. But with this new direction we lose the intimacy and also the edge that we've come to know with the first 3 LPs. That may sound like kind of a lame complaint, but in addition to that, I find the songwriting on this album downright atrocious. Think hard before you buy this. I'm an Elliott Smith fan, but 'Figure 8' is not good.
080017948X|5.0|I saw this at the theater, on TV, and I plan to get the DVD soon because I'm wearing out the VHS version.  It's very funny!  The message behind it shows that even a jerk can change; only Phil Conners didn't have a choice in this movie!  It's great to watch anytime, but fun in the winter, especially after the Christmas hubbub is overwith.
B00005B4GU|4.0|Thom Yorke was right when he said this album is like standing inside the fire from the pictures inside KID A.  This album is INTENSE!.  I would compare it to OK Computer in it's overall melancholic and sombre mood.  This album is definitely alot like OK Computer in the way it is shaped.  Tracks one through five bear some resemblance to the first five tracks on Computer.  The most apparent similarity between these two albums is in track 4 on both of them (You and whose army? - for Amnesiac, and Exit Music/for a film - on Computer) these two songs definitley resemble one another.  As for the rest of the album there are times where the music is just as brilliant as Kid A if not more so.  I've come to find out that over repeated listens this album gets better.  I didn't like &quot;You and whose army?&quot; the first time I heard it, but I now I love it.  That song gets powerful when the drums kick in.  Another great one is &quot;Pyramid Song&quot; which is a hauntingly beautiful yet very simple song.  &quot;I might be wrong&quot; goes back to the OK Computer days a little bit because there is a nasty guitar riff in it.  Then there's &quot;Knives Out.&quot;  This song is another testament to the fact that Kid A and Amnesiac are two different albums.  &quot;Knives Out&quot; sounds like a song off of The Bends or something.  The only bad thing about the album is that I didn't like EVERY song like I did with KID A, but that's alright.  Amnesiac is still incredibly good.  And for those of you out there who think Radiohead needs to go back to making records that sound like OK Computer; GET OVER IT!  Radiohead has shown from day one that they would always push the envelope and keep making new and innovative music.  If you want a repetitive band listen to Matchbox Twenty or something.  From reading all these reviews I have found that there are basically two kinds of Radiohead fans.  One is the kind that likes for a band to create NEW music.  The other type of fan likes for a band to create the same type of music that they had on their last hit record over and over again.  Well, if your the type of fan that likes for a band to repeat itself on every album then neither KID A nor Amnesiac is for you, because it IS different than OK Computer.  And for the rest of you who enjoy bands that create new music all the time...enjoy this one.  It is somewhere in between OK Computer and Kid A (although it sounds a little more like Kid A than Ok Computer).
B00005LB9O|4.0|Well, unlike many people expected, The Man Who didnt take the United States by storm.  Will this album finally make them a household name? Probably not.  This album is nice, refreshing, and mellow, just like The Man Who, but it isnt as fun and simple.  Just like The Man Who, his vocals show despair and a melancholly attitude.  The first track off of the album, &quot;Sing&quot;, is definately the most upbeat track on the whole CD.  It follows Travis' formula: the typical verse-chorus-verse-chorus format.  It is a strong track, but there are other great songs on the CD too.  There isnt any track on the CD that captured my attention immediately like The Man Who did, like &quot;Writing to Meet You&quot;, or &quot;Why Does it always Rain on Me?&quot; but you should let this one grow on you.  Generally, I think the next couple of tracks on the album (numbers 2-4) are pretty much the weakest songs off of the whole album.  The verses and choruses are very uninteresting in this part of the album.  Then it gets into one of the more solid tracks of the album, The Cage.  On The Man Who, it seemed as if the more upbeat tracks were the best ones, while the downbeat seemed mellow.  It seems that on this album,  the second half of the CD is the strongest.  In My opinion, the strongest song on the whole album is track 9, Last Train.  This one really showcases the lead singers talent.  This one is definately the best track on the album, and should become the best track not released as a single on the album. <br />The reason i gave the review 4 stars is because Nigel Goodrich, the producer, has produced Radiohead.  The main reason i got into Travis was because they had the same producers.  I was expecting a different approach on this album, just as Radiohead progresses and changes with this album.  I still think they have the potential to be a legend like Radiohead, they just arent there yet.  The only difference between The Invisible Band and The Man Who is that this one has an evenmore mellow, and a little more of an intimate feel.  If you enjoyed Travis' last release, then you will definately want this album.
6302968135|5.0|This story tells the tale of three young men growing up and how circumstances changed their lives.  One turns to a life of drugs, one becomes a law enforcement officer and the other winds up in jail.  Unfortunately, life does not always work out the way we intended and sometimes duty is more powerful than the bonds of friendship or even blood.  It is a very compelling tale and one I would highly recommend.  I have seen the movie several times and finally purchased it so I could watch it at my leisure.  This is definitely worth a five star rating!
0783229526|5.0|This movie was incredible from start to finish.  It is one of the few movies you can watch after having read the book.  Johnny Depp does a great job as Hunter, and Benicio del Toro, also does an outstanding job as Dr. Gonzo.  I liked this movie from start to finish, and can honestly say that it is one of my favorite movies.
B0000074GK|5.0|Thunder is perhaps the greatest band to come out of the 1980's and never get recognized.  The band has a very distinct sound that I compare to another 80's band, Whitesnake.  Great vocalist and awesome guitarist.  I've only got two of their CDs, but this one is by far the best.  It rocks out from beginning to end!  If you are a fan of 80's rock, you will love this CD!!
B000002TQV|5.0|I first came to know Radiohead through the band's smash hit &quot;Creep&quot; (who didn't?). Though I liked the song, I was more than a little hesitant to actually purchase any of their records. After all, I'm very picky and I figured that &quot;Creep&quot;, like most hit songs, was the exception of the band's work, not the rule. <br />A few years went by, and one day a DJ on KROQ, a major radio station in the Los Angleles area, stated that this particular Radiohead album was, perhaps, the best album of the decade. I took the bait and bought the record. I am not sorry. <br />The fact is that DJ was right: &quot;The Bends&quot; is truly one of the very best albums of the decade. We all have heard &quot;High and dry&quot; a million times on the radio, but it's not even the best song on the record. <br />The power of this album is its sheer depth. For it is one of those rare jewels that only seems to get better each time you listen to it. All great albums are like that. In fact, I am always reluctant to buy a record from a band when I immediately love one of the songs on it. Such albums get old very quickly. This album, however, only begins to reveal itself after many listenings. <br />Personal favorites: &quot;Black Star&quot;, &quot;Fake Plastic Trees&quot;, and &quot;Just&quot;.
B00003CXAA|4.0|I am proud to say that I own the LaserDisk version of the triology - The Godfather.  I'm not as happy to say that I'm a LaserDisk owner.  Otherwise, The greatest achievement LaserDisk has is that the Godfather Triology is put together in sequential order.  Where the flashbacks are all in chronological order in the triology.  You are watching 1 movie instead of 3.  It's AWESOME!<br />Therefore, Will this &quot;The Godfather DVD Collection&quot; have this same feature?<br />Thanks, adonato3@acorn-group.net
B00005B6C9|5.0|You will want to play this CD over and over again, the music stays with you for hours.  This is truly their best work and should on all accounts get them another Grammy Award
8401373301|1.0|Moonwalk is a poorly written, hyper-superficial account of the life and times of this pop music master.  I came upon it accidentally and am sorry to say that it did not deliver in either content or quality. Michael needs an editor--badly.  Moonwalk is with plagued by short, choppy, attemping-at-profound, diatribe that mar this memoir. Published in 1988, the current edition has illustrations added in 1998--sans detail of his marriage/divorce to Priscilla Presley, allegations of sexual misconduct with a young boy.  No doubt that Jackson is a creative genius but he'll never win the Pulitzer.
0446364495|5.0|Not only a beautiful story set on the landscape of America, but also a lesson of truth.  Some of us are not strong enough to accept the power of the moment - others are not alive enough to even recognize it.  Robert James Waller certainly captures the sensation of a lifetime!
B000006YYW|4.0|In 1970, Robin Gibb unamiacally left his brothers to record, \\"Robin's Reign\\", an unfinished album redeemed only by a #2 UK single called \\"Saved By The Bell\\" (topped on the charts by \\"Honky Tonk Women\\" - go figure!).  This current album released in 1983 contains help from the Bee Gees old band members (Alan Kendall and Dennis Bryon) and twin brother Maurice.  It did well in Europe and drowned in the then, anti-Bee Gees USA.<br /><br />The first song, \\"Juliet\\" (which went to #1 in Europe) is a thumper, falsetto-riddled uptempto masterpiece still used in their concerts.  \\"How Old Are You\\", \\"In And Out Of Love\\", \\"Kathy's Gone\\" and \\"Another Lonely Night In New York\\" (another hit) are nearly as good.  From then on, it goes downhill.<br /><br />The drum beats become monotonous, the lyrics banal and Robin's high-shrilled attempts at reaching the highest falsetto notes imaginable are mind-numbing.  \\"Don't Stop The Night\\" and \\"I Believe In Miracles\\" will send you running to the medicine cabinet for pain relievers!<br /><br />Considering that half of the songs are very good is enough reason to purchase this CD.  If that isn't enough reason, then think about the fact that in probably less than a year, you'll have to pay some scalping rare-records Bozo a fortune for it.  Have a good time and watch that volume.
B00005AR3G|5.0|Yes...I said funny, funny, funny, funny and all about fun!  Now who doesn't need that now and then.  This movie was simple, beautiful in it's delivery...and Disney doesn't make enough of these.  Finally a Disney movie I can watch without waiting for somebody parent to die off and make us all leave the movie feeling all serious.  &quot;Yeah, it was a great movie...but oh when Mufasa died (Lion King) that was so sad, but oh when Bambi's mom died, that was so sad, but oh when they found Tarzan's parents dead...Enough of that...it's time to groove with the emperor!  I think a sequal is in order here.  But also more original material like it.  Bravo Disney...keep these movies coming!
B000056K04|4.0|This Cd is perfectly able to stand alone as a wonderful cd but may be easily placed in the shadow of any of the band's previous works.  Buy this Cd and download The Lillywhite Sessions.  They contrast beautifully and show how diverse this band's sound can be. (although, I agree, if there was a way to remove &quot;I did it&quot; as the first track , I would... :)
B00005BL2A|5.0|Another great album written by Martin L. Gore! Its amazing how this man can write so many songs, creating an unbelievable athmosphere! Although the title of the album will lead you to another expectation, the songs are mostly quiet. Songs like &quot;Freelove&quot; will let you calm down when you come home from work. Its the perfect album to regenerate on a hard days night! Nevertheless within these songs full of &quot;peace and harmony&quot; you lays a kind of eroticism which excitens you! A (naaturally DM-like) melancholic album which gets the effect of calming down on one hand but exciting erotic aspects on the other! Having a dinner and listening to this CD can make the whole evening into a great event...!
B00005B4GU|5.0|I adore this record.  I bought it yesterday and it already lives in my head.  If you're expecting another OK Computer or The Bends, you'll be sorely disappointed.  It's not another Kid A, either.  It's Amnesiac, and it's brilliant.  If you like albums that challenge the listener and push the musical envelope, you'll like this record a lot.  People will be listening to this record in 50 years; MAYBE they'll get it by then.<br />Three cheers for Radiohead.  They're saving Rock from Blink-182.
B000058983|5.0|Although I admit this is the one of era's most briliant musical works done by a rock group, I feel something a little incompetence throughout the album. It probably came from the lack of feature of Bryan McLean who was supposed to recieve more credit from the album. For example, some old issues of publication denote Lee/McLean as co-composers for the track 3, Andmoreagain. The song shows a clear example of McLeanism and it is obvious that most part was written by Bryan though Lyrics belong to Lee's brain. However Lee denies it and says that he just wanted to make it look like Lennon/McCartney and Bryan gave no contribution to the song. And as a matter of fact, McLean didn't recieve any credit for the song. Both Bryan and Ken, later days, confessed that Lee actually took thier songs simply by coming up with lyrics and sing them in his own way. Without taking anything from Arthur, it's kinda sad story to hear. <br />Foever change was the last collaboration between the original members and became the most accomplished rock opera of the time though Bryan told that BeeGee's \\"Horizontal\\" was slightly better.<br />If you want to compare it with another album of Love \\"Four Sail\\" which had already been out of print but proves everyone that Arthur was true genius. I'm Yoshi  Thanks for reading
B00005B36H|5.0|I just listened to Lateralus for the first time.  That is for the fist time since about 5 days ago.  I bought Lateralus about 3 weeks ago, but the last time I listened to it(Today) it seemed like I had never listened to it.  It made alot more sense.  I seemed to have a better understanding of the feeling.  It was easier to digest then ever before.  It was brilliant before, but it now feels almost comfortable.  Almost like a friend...comforting through it's ranges of intensity and emotion.  It taps in to something words could never describe.  It's a feeling, not a thought.  <br />This is truly a work of Art.  This is more then music, this is what music is meant to create.  It's meant to create emotion that mirrors our own lives.  The good and the bad, all of it.  The thing is, it's all beautiful.  The good and the bad is beautiful equally.  This life and this epic work truly are a gift...Tool is beyond anything.<br />I will always listen to this album.  This is not something you don't listen to.  You listen to this when you feel like it, which is going to be most of the time.  <br />Listen more and more.  At different times, different places - on a lake, in the wilderness, in the mountains, on the beach, in your basement, in the car, on the headphones, in concert, on TV, in good times and bad, it will lift you if you really understand the meaning which is not based in thought.  <br />Keep listening, it will get more deep, more visible, more clear with each listen.  I don't believe you can ever completely understand the 100% meaning this album is conveying and I don't think Tool completely knows either.<br />They are quoted as saying when they record that it is more like channeling energy rather then any conscious thought.  Tool has a gift and with each listen the listener cherishes that gift even more.  This band is among the best that has ever played - live and recorded.  <br />KEEP LISTENING, KEEP UNDERSTANDING, KEEP GROWING.
0385335482|5.0|This story of a 20-something British woman who has gotten a bit over her head in outstanding-credit card debt is hilarious.  I dare anyone in my age group to dismiss the story as pure fiction.  I could find a bit of myself and many of my friends in this story, and it was reassuring to read about someone else (even a fictional character) who had similar struggles controlling herself at the 1/2 price sale at Macy's last week - thank you Sophie Kinsella!<br />Why, just today I was at the Crate &amp; Barrel outlet convincing myself that while I do not actually need a silver plated ice bucket, at $24.99 it is a true bargain not to be passed up (I bought it).  But - I digress...back to the review. You may not love this story - you could find this story trite or predicable or you may just be tired of all the `Brit-Lit' characters - but I guarantee you will be entertained and won't be bored by Rebecca Bloomwood.
B0000399WI|5.0|I love this movie. It's perfect in every way, shape and form. Morgan Freeman and Tim Robbins both give outstanding performances. Frank Darabont writes a wonderful script and directs a terrific film. Quite possibly better than the book, and that is a difficult thing to accomplish. Unlike so many movies today, this is more than one movie. It's many stories, many characters and many films all condensed into the best 140 minutes I have ever experienced. I would recommend this movie to anyone. Now, all we need is a special edition DVD...
B00003CXSO|5.0|As I was looking through the reviews on Hannibal, I was shocked. I can't believe that so many people were disappointed with the film. I also noticed that the majority of the fans don't even realize that The Silence of the Lambs was not the first of the Hannibal Lecter series. It was in Manhunter that Doctor Lecter made his first unforgettable appearance. The film was in theaters briefly in 1986 if I recall correctly. However, Brian Cox portrayed Lecter instead of the great Anthony Hopkins. The latter plays the character much better, in my opinion. In addition, in case anyone is interested, Ted Tally is currently working on the script for a prequel; actually, a remake of Manhunter. It will be entitled Red Dragon, which is the name of the book by Thomas Harris that Manhunter was based on. It is scheduled to begin filming in September of this year. Hopkins has not yet decided whether or not he will take on the role of Lecter once again due to the relatively small part that Lecter has in Red Dragon; he will decide when the script is finished. If Hopkins does indeed return, Jude Law will supposedly play the young Lecter (before he was caught) instead of trying to take 20 years off Hopkins' face with CGI effects. On a more promising note, after Red Dragon is released, the script for the fourth chapter in the Hannibal Lecter series will be written. Fortunately, Hopkins has agreed ahead of time to star as Doctor Lecter. He recently stated that he would be more than willing to portray Lecter for 10 more films, but that &quot;by then Hannibal would be too old and his teeth would be falling out from eating so much liver.&quot; Heh. Anyway, I'm sorry if I've written too much. I hope this has been informative to some of the Hannibal Lecter fans around the world. If not, feel free to e-mail me with questions and I'll see what I can find out.
B00003CWTI|5.0|Magnolia which was written and directed by Paul Thomas Anderson, is a landmark in film.  At just over three hours long, this film never tends to get boring or uninteresting.  I've heard a lot of people just trash this movie.  I also heard that these people have absolutely no idea what the movie is about.  It's more than just a movie.  It's a concept and it's a way of thinking.  I don't think any movie has ever made me think as much as I did abot this one.  Full on symbolism, repeating themes, great character developement and wonderful direction, this film is a pure pleasure to watch.  <br />The cast is simply incredible.  Hoffman, Macy, Moore, Cruise, Reiley all shine, just to name a few.  Aimee Mann also puts together one of the best soundtracks for any film to date.  If you saw this movie and got nothing out of it, watch it again.  And if you haven't seen it yet, don't hesitate.  Paul Thomas Anderson is a director with nothing but a bright future ahead of him.  5.1 outta 5.  It's that good.
B00001NFCY|2.0|Even somewhat great writing compared to today's pitiful manufactured pop world can't lift this album from catchy to good. Innovation is not in Creed's vocabulary.
B000000WHH|5.0|This album never hit number 1 in the US because of Michael Jackson's Thriller.  But anyone who had this album knew it was a hundred times better.  It has both rock, pop, and soul, which no other group has had today.  Boy George and Helen Terry are on top of the world with &quot;That's The Way&quot; (I'm Only Trying to Help You), and in &quot;Church of the Poison Mind&quot;.  The classic &quot;Karma Chameleon&quot; came from this album, but evey song is just as powerful, or you might say even more powerful.  &quot;Mister Man&quot; is irresitable, while &quot;Victims&quot; was the deepest ballad of the decade, never even released as a single in the US.  &quot;It's A Miracle&quot; is the ultimate dance classic.  &quot;Black Money&quot;, &quot;Changing Everyday&quot;, and &quot;Stormkeeper&quot; are more incredible soul songs on the album.  The number 5 US hit &quot;Miss Me Blind&quot; is also included.  I was giving this album on my birthday when I was six years old on LP, and I never have seen anything better.  It is a powerhouse of an album.  Try your best to get it, and I hope you do.  Thanks for reading.
B00004Z459|4.0|&quot;Hybrid Theory&quot; by Linkin Park turned out to be a positive suprise. They're not just another Limp-Bizkit-clone, although comparision seems inevitable. The one important difference between these two band is that Linkin Park isn't punished with a lead-vocalist like Fred Durst, who totally messed up their last album. Their lyrics are more inventively and their music sounds more melodically. In a way they are what Limp Bizkit used to be in the good old days.<br />Chester Bennington is a fantastic vocalist, somewhat like KoRn's Jonathan Davis and Linkin Park's DJ does a great job on this album. Standout cuts are the singles &quot;Crawling&quot; and &quot;One Step Closer&quot; as well as &quot;Forgotten&quot;, which features some cool guitar riffs. This album also cotains two or three mediocre songs which , however, cannot spoil the overall impression.<br />None of the songs is longer than four minutes, a fact which guarantees a lot of alternation. But I feel that the overall duration of &quot;Hybrid Theory&quot; (not even 40 minutes) is way too short. But apart from that, this is a must-buy for all rap-metal fans.
0553213105|5.0|When my friends and I were younger, we used to watch 'Wishbone' and every time we saw one we'd say, &quot;I can't wait to read that book&quot;. Well alas, eleven year olds aren't really suited for the books interpreted mostly because of the use of 'big words'. I'll admit, when I first picked this book up, I got a little too lost in the language. The characters seemed tiresome and vacuous. But taking advice from my mother, and the incredible drive of wanting to see Colin Firth in the series, but wanting to read the book first, kept me reading. And as I read farther and farther, I liked the book more and more. The cute story of Elizabeth Bennet and Mr.Darcy really caught my fancy (sorry, still using the language). It's a story that can still resonate today. With all the crappy love series that are in publication today, it's nice to see a story that has a remarkable heroine and a handsome beau who seems stuffy and rude at first, but is found to be remarkably charming and amiable at the end. I really adore this story and I recommend it to anyone looking to get lost in a lovely tale of old.
B00003CXPD|5.0|I bought this DVD as soon as it was available - without renting first and BOY! was that the right decision!!  I can't remember how many times I've seen it now - but I know one thing, I'll definitely be watching it again.  Jamie Bell was wonderful - as were all the leading actors, and I was moved to tears by different emotions throughout the film.  But why, oh why the sudden ending - more of that powerful dancing and music would have been much more satisfying...
0440539811|1.0|One doesn't really need to read this trilogy (though I have) to get an insight into \\"what it's all about\\".<br />Yes, it's true that one of the lead characters is noted for the admonition \\"Think for yourself, schmuck!\\", and I have seen this admonition repeated several times in this forum.<br />But the people in this forum who say, \\"Think for yourself, schmuck!\\" are adoring fans of this book and they are responding to the minority who don't like the book at all.<br />The fans of the book appear to have decided that one couldn't possibly be thinking for himself if he just plain doesn't like the book.<br />In other words, \\"Think for yourself, schmuck!\\" is just a code phrase for \\"Think like I do! Think like the majority of us do!\\"<br />And that by itself, I think, is all that one really needs to know about the content of the book, the authors and the audience to whom the book is directed.
B00005B4GU|4.0|Ok, so many people are dissapointed with the direction Radiohead has taken with Kid A and Amnesiac, but I am not. You have to look beyond your normal perceptions of modern music and even what you expect from Radiohead and there you will find where they are now. I enjoyed Kid A but it is such a different record from amnesiac. Amnesiac is a much more acoustic set and, in my opinion, a fine record. &quot;Pyramid Song&quot; is perhaps one of the greatest songs ever recorded by this band, who have constantly surpassed themselves artiscically. And, in the end, that's what Radiohead are, musicians and artists, people who are there to express what they feel is honest. Perhaps the strangest track on Amnesiac is the alienating &quot;Hunting bears&quot;, in which electronic winds cascade across a barren guitar riff. Though it is simple and not exactly a catchy tune, it is simply an artistic representation through music. But, despite such oddities as &quot;Pull/Pulk Revolving Doors&quot; and &quot;Like Spinning Plates&quot;, you have to understand that Radiohead has not lost there ability to make great songs, they have just simplified their songs into powerful, yet short pieces such as Kid A's &quot;Motion Picture Soundtrack&quot; or Amnesiac's &quot;You and Whose Army?&quot;. It's there, it's just subtle, not explosive like on Ok Computer. But, apprently Amnesiac is the last of a large amount of songs recorded after their 1997-98 tour, so we have to see what new spark of genius will guide thom and the guys to their next path in prog rock expression.
B00004Y6RO|5.0|I can't stop playing this one.  I love the extra tracks.  This cd is highly addictive.(lol)  Great melodic grooves, thunderous percussion and drums and awesome vocals.  I get sick of people comparing them to Slayer.  Slipknot it a band of their own.  That is what makes this cd so great.  If you get a chance to get this disk. Do it!  The extra tracks are great and a couple are even humouros.  Limp Bizkit can only dream of having the talent of SlipKnot. You can't see California without Malrin Brando's eyes.
B00003CXN4|4.0|Traffic follows the effective, but not-so-often utilized method of crossing over many stories into one central theme. Another movie for reference may be Magnolia. It is a presentation about the institution, effect, and battle against drugs.<br />On one side you have an unknowing wife (Catherine Zeta-Jones) who must take over a drug empire once her husband (candidly played by Steven Bauer) is indicted on trafficking charges. On the other, is the newly appointed \\"drug czar\\" (Michael Douglas), who attempts to \\"go to the front\\" and attack the enigmatic problem of curbing the demand for drugs in the U.S. Interestingly, all the while, his daughter (a straight A student with a seemingly bright future) is falling victim to her own battle with drugs.<br />The story does not stop there. Perhaps the most provocative, though hardest-to-follow aspect, is the corruption that befalls Benicio Del Toro's character, Javier Rodriguez. He brilliantly plays a common Tijuana cop who discovers an army-run drug ring, and throughout the movie, internally battles with himself about whether or not he should share his knowledge with the D.E.A. in the States, all the while fearing for his life in the process.<br />Although the Mexico sequences seem at first not to correlate with the rest of the movie, and the subtitles are difficult to follow (the only movie with subtitles that I really enjoy is Seven Samurai), it is Del Toro's performance and the fate of his character that make you want to watch. Put another way, he is not the reason I went to see the movie in the theaters, but he was the reason I stayed. And although it might be crude to say that the whole movie's credibility falls on him, Del Toro was defintely deserving of the Best Supporting Actor Oscar he won for this role. <br />The movie itself attempts to approach the \\"drug issue\\" from an objective standpoint, and for the most part it does. There are times when the script is lagging, but that tends to appear in many movies. I would rate this movie at 4.5 stars, leaving only the landmark films to become 5s. For an interesting, thought-provoking film go see this movie.
6303114946|5.0|This is one of the most touching movies ever written.  It has so many special undertones and hidden messages, making for a very pleasurable movie-watching experience.<br />Joe Mantegna discovers his seven year-old son, Josh played by Max Pomeranc, has a gift for playing chess.  He sees his son's talent, and the enter the world of chess tournaments, behind the guidance of tutor, Ben Kingsley.  Before long, he becomes the number one child chess player, and is seemingly unstoppable.  Conversely, Josh merely wants to be a &quot;normal&quot; boy and just wants to have the love and admiration of his family instead of countless trophies, so he soon loses his edge for the chess world.<br />The cast is astonishing.  Lawrence Fishburn, one of the most underated actors of our time, plays a wonderful &quot;street smarts&quot; chess player.  Add in cameos by Dan Hedaya, David Paymer, and William H. Macy, who I can't watch on the silver screen without saying &quot;Ah, Gees,&quot; and you have one entertaining film.  <br />This is a truly wonderful movies, with lots of depth.  It is not so much about chess as it is about finding one's inner strength and character in the face of adversity and high-pressure challanges.  The acting is superb, and the chess tournament scenes are, in fact, riveting.  This film is a can't miss.
0743201140|5.0|In order to get the maximum benefit out of this book, you have to read the first book, &quot;First, Break All the Rules&quot;. As someone who has been in education, and then sales, training, management and marketing, I found both these books refreshing and right on the money. Corporations spend way too much of their training dollars focused on what people do wrong (&quot;improvement opportunities&quot;) and not nearly enough expanding on people's strengths. One of the highlights of &quot;Now, Discover Your Strengths&quot; is an internet-based quiz you can take to discover your own strengths and talents. Mine was right on the money and helped me clearly identify my true talents. Once you know what they are you can strive to place yourself in workplace situations where these talents can shine. When individuals shine, so then do their organizations. Both these books are a must for any executive who wonders why their organization isn't as successful as they would like.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|With an excelent performance by Ewan McGregor, Nicole Kidman and John Luguizamo Moulin Rouge is a magical feast of love.<br />Not a romance, or a romantic comedy, Moulin Rouge is a magical love story.  In it you see adventures, friendships, lovers and enemies that we all wish we had in real life.  <br />Baz Lurhman did an amazing job keeping the pace lively, being goofy when appropriate and always, always entertaining.<br />By far my favorite movie this year.
B00000HZTB|2.0|I am continually baffled by the amount of praise showered on this album.  Of course, being a big fan of Lou Reed's work before (VU and his 70s solo work) and after (New York, Songs for Drella, Magic and Loss), I thought I couldn't miss with this album that so many people had called a masterpiece.  How wrong I was.  With the exception of the title track, there are no excellent songs here, and many are just plain embarassing.  Women is a piece of dopey patronizing schmaltz while The Day John Kennedy Died is a ridiculous stab at optimistic insight that falls quite a few feet short of the mark.  I just don't understand how people can consider these lyrics to be among his best.  Lou Reed was masterful at depicting seemy underbellies and such, but he just is at a loss for decent words when he's happy.  And his divorce from his then-wife shortly after this album should let you know just how sincere he was in all his loving tributes.  Don't buy the hype.
0060392886|5.0|Do you really want to be a rock star?  This book may change your mind.  This is an excellent behind the scenes look at what really went on with one of the most notorious rock bands in history.  Motley Crue tells it all from living in a trashy apartment, not having enough money for food,let alone toilet paper to living in mansions and having mulitplatinum records!  It shows you life as a rock star is not all it's cracked up to be and that these four guys are just like the rest of us, trying to make it through life.  Highly recommended!
B000007MVD|5.0|This supurb album was released in 1994, and shocked the music world by selling in the millions, then was taken off the market so as not to interfer with the &quot;Anthology &quot; series. This is the Beatles doing material unavailable anywhere else, it's all wonderfull, and by the way, man, did these guys have a sense of humor... listen to the bits of talking between some of the songs. 5 stars!!!
B00005BL2A|3.0|After listening to this CD a couple of times, I felt as if I missed something. It is not a bad CD, but it seems that &quot;Exciter&quot; does'nt live up to it's potential. I liked some of the tracks but this was no &quot;Ultra&quot;. Some of the lyrics were pretty good but others sounded like a 14 year old wrote them for his poetry class. I guess that my expectations were too high.
B000002AGN|5.0|As a newcomer to the world of jazz, I was looking for a selection of CDs from which to start my exploration of this great music.  Without exception, every long-time listener I asked recommended the Dave Brubeck Quartet's Time Out (that and Miles Davis' Kind of Blue- but that's another review).  Am I ever glad I took those recommendations!<br />This album is at once one of the most challenging, yet most easily accessable to the jazz neophyte I have encountered.  The odd time signatures at first seem challenging, but soon you can't get the rythm out of your head.  Although the &quot;Rondo&quot; and &quot;Take Five&quot; get most of the attention, I found myself enthralled by the alternating 3/4 and 4/4 found in &quot;Three to Get Ready&quot;.<br />My favorite aspect of this album would have to be the rythm section of the quartet.  Although I cannot praise the work of Brubeck and Desmond enough, Wright and Morello provide a rock solid base that anchors the listener to the odd time signatures used throughout the album.<br />This is definately one of the best music purchases I've ever made.  If, like me, you are just beginning to listen to jazz, be sure to add this album to your list of ones to try!
B00005IBGQ|5.0|I also disagree with your editorial review of \\"Poses.\\" I find the new record a more mature work than its predecesor, and just as musically rich. Wainwright is covering new ground with the musical arrangements in \\"Poses\\". The cabaret stylings of his debut have been replaced with elaborate instrumentations using the classical palates of violins, violas, cellos, oboes, etc. Yet the sound of the record, perhaps because of the colaboration of Alex Gifford from Propellerheads, sounds modern and sonically inventive. Each song has been given a beautiful instrumental sheen - this records begs to be played loud or with a good set of headphones. Of course, there's always Rufus' singing voice to get used to. It is impossible to understand the lyrics due to his poor diction and mumblings; no Wainwright record should be released without lyric sheets! And that's too bad because the lyrics to these songs are worth hearing, full of romanticism and lust. Wainwright's sense of humor surfaces on the songs Cigarettes and Chocolate Milk and Poses, a song about the pitfalls of being a shallow, pretty boy: \\"All these poses of classical torture ruined my mind like a snake in the orchard.\\" For listeners who enjoy complex pop arrangements and a clever lyrical sensibility \\"Poses\\" will be a prized addition to your musical collection.
6305165912|5.0|The Coen Brothers do it again with The Big Lebowski!  This movie, along with Raising Arizona, rank as two of my all time favorite quirky comedies.  The DVD release includes a \\"making of\\" video which features interviews with the cast and the Coens, (if you're new to The Big Lebowski, watch this AFTER you watch the movie as it includes some of the funniest scenes).  I am amazed when I talk to anyone who DOESN'T think this movie is hilarious...one of the TWO people who make up that short list thought the \\"F\\" word was used too much (hey, it's not a Disney movie).  This is possibly the best acting John Goodman has ever done...I've never seen him \\"nail\\" a charactor so perfectly - so perfect you find yourself wondering if he's acting at all.  But then EVERYONE in this movie, from Jeff Bridges to the supporting cast and bit players, nails it!  Thanks to all involved for creating a wonderfully funny movie that has certainly added a lot of laughter to my life...yours too, I hope.
0060234814|5.0|Im not going to ruin the book by writing a review that describes the WHOLE book, so.... When you start out, you realize that it is set in WW2 or WW1. and it is in england, that tells you about the way they talk and their names. in the story the four kids, peter, susan, edmund, and lucy. at first they dont know where they are, but they soon become fimiliar with this place called Narnia. Thy are in a \\"fight\\" with an evil queen, which is the plot of the story. The kids make thir way through narnia, spending days in there, while in england, the time never changes while they are in there. in the end...you have to buy the book and read it fo yourself, it is a great ending, seting up for the next book in the chronicle. BUY THIS BOOK!
B00005KHJR|5.0|Think of all the shock twist endings of today's flicks like Sixth Sense and Unbreakable. These endings are merely the weak, mild-mannerd children of the robust father of all twist endings: 1973's The Wicker Man, written by Anthony Shaffer (Frenzy, Sleuth).<br />But The Wicker Man is so much more than its twist ending. This movie dares to explore the nature of religion, of the provocative uncontrolable power of mass hysteria, and the impotence of an individual when challenging a mob.<br />This film, for me, sparked deep thought not only into the concept of religious differences, but into all areas of mass hysteria, be it African Americans being lynched decades ago by white mobs in the deep South, the Holocast, or the mass hysteria of the Salem Witchcraft Trials or Spanish Inquisition.<br />But, aside from the deep complex messaging, the movie is also entertaining, and has a wonderfully infectous and authentic folk soundtrack. And the overall atmosphere and mood of this picture is something you won't forget for years to come!<br />This movie, which failed at the box office but over time became a cult favorite, is arguably one of the most important films ever made, especially for those brave enough to examine its horrifying underlying message of religious intolerance and the frailty of individual liberty when in the face of mass hysteria.
B000002H1T|3.0|I remember how I could not wait for this record to come out, and if I remember right it had a delay or two. The day it hit the stores I bought it and as soon as I got in the car I played it...and I did not really like it from the get go.  &#34;Magic&#34; annoyed me right off the bat.  Over time I have grown to like it enought to give it 3 stars, but then again I never listen to it anymore.  Around '86 to '87 music was changing, hair metal was in (yick), the Police were going out, and I could tell the Cars were on the way out also(I promise this it not hindsight, I thought the record was garbage and the end was near at the time).  I am still shocked about how big this record was and how much play the videos got.  Maybe it is just me, but I just do not like this record.
0452282152|5.0|Loved everything about this book - the characters, the description, and the plot.  The book led me to investigate Vermeer's paintings.  Would recommend this book to anyone who likes historical fiction.  Also would point them to &quot;Girl in Hyacinth Blue&quot; - another wonderful Vermeer story
0671024256|5.0|This book is part memoir and part writing manual. It's enormously satisfying and raises many questions. Would Steven King be Steven King if he hadn't been such a sickly little kid? If he hadn't taken that first drink back in high school or if he hadn't married Tabitha Spruce what would he be now? On the craft section of the book, King offers solid advice that every would be writer should follow. Most books on grammar and dialouge are so dry you miss half the wisdom but King's book is laced with so much humor that you get what he's saying. I love Stephen Kings horror and I've read my copy of his non-fiction, Danse Macabre to bits. This is a great addition to my collection.
0811826848|5.0|I absolutely loved this book! I read it from cover to cover although you really don't have to.  Pick it up and open it up randomly and I guarantee you won't put it down.  What I especially loved about the book was how John Lennon was represented.  His viewpoints and recollections about the topics at hand are presented alongside the others' seamlessly.  The book is truely a work of art.  This book and the whole 'Beatles Anthology' project prove that the Beatles were, without a doubt, a class act.
B00003CXE7|2.0|My respect for Oscar Awards received a jolt watching the movie. The jury has probably been carried away by the exotic subject matter, the inherent brutality or by the purportedly grand spectacle of the Roman Empire. Or may be some unknown consideration has influenced their decision. To be impressed by grand scale only, without caring a fig for storyline, characterization, smacks of childishness. Even in that parameter `Gladiator' will get a thumbs down from me. Richard Attenborough recreated a grander scale in `Gandhi' and handled more people on the sets, without sacrificing order and coherence.<br />Haste seems to be the bane of the movie. So much has been squeezed into so little-both in terms of space and time. Both the opening battle scene in Germania and the fighting scenes inside the Colosseum present such a medley that even someone with 6/6 vision will be left groping for sense. And the murky shots will help compound his woes.<br />Speaking of time, the narrative and characterization get a raw deal on that account too. Ultimately the movie comes out as a smorgasbord of disjointed visuals replete with blood and rage. This story of chivalry, velour, revenge, Roman politics, intrigue and not forgetting incest deserved a slower pace and more gradual development.<br />The only saving grace for the movie is the masterly acting of Russell Crowe, the Gladiator.
B00003CXMG|5.0|&quot;Almost Famous&quot; is a love story, but on different levels than most movies. Of course, you have the love between men and women (Crudup and Hudson) First love (Fugit and Hudson) but also Mother's love for her child (McDormand and Fugit) bandmates love for eachother, the band's love of the rock-n-roll life and most importantly, Crowe's love for rock-n-roll. That's what the movie really is - an ode to rock-n-roll and why it's important to so many of us...Fugit comes of age and experiences love and loss in ways that are familar to us all, backed with a soundtrack of a lifetime.<br /> Music has always went hand-in-hand with life's little triumphs and loses for me, and it's beautifully examined in the movie. One of my favorite scenes is when the band are at a low point, Crudup and Jason Lee having just had a blow-out and Crudup having gone missing and coming down from an acid trip, when, on the bus, they all slowly join in singing &quot;Tiny Dancer&quot; and that just shows you how music can heal all wounds and make wrong things right again. Music will stick by you through good times and bad, and in those little quiet moments of reflection of past memories, who doesn't associate certain events with certain songs?<br /> It's funny, some of my friends don't 'get' the movie and to truly 'get it', I feel one must have that personal love affair with music that Crowe describes to a tee. I love music. It has changed my life (to use a well-worn cliche) but it's true and this film is a tribute to the love story that many of us have shared with music throughout our lives.
B00005LB9O|5.0|The release of the second Travis album &quot;The Man Who..&quot; saw them leap from post Brit-pop also rans to being on of the biggest groups on this side of the Atlantic.That albums great success also launched the music and helped to popularise the likes of Coldplay,Doves and many other such groups.The release of Travis' 3rd album sees very little change in the music but they do seem to have left the despair and gloom behind.In fact this album is so like it's predecessor that I can see it being just as big and maybe even bigger.My basic reason for this is firstly there are far more potential singles to plug the album and also because there is hardly a dud track on the album.<br /> Once again Travis use Nigel &quot;Radiohead&quot; Godrich to produce this album.To say the musical differences between Travis and Radiohead are vast would be something of an understatment.The music on this album is not very challenging to the first time listener.In fact these songs seem to be very familiar to the listener after only one previous listen.They are all pretty mellow,never very loud.Traditional band with acoustic and electric guitar dominating.They do use synths much more on this c.d. and they've also introduced the sound of the banjo very effectively on two of the tracks.All the songs are shorter then 4 minutes except for the last song.Lyrically it's a very upbeat album-with songs full of hope and optimism,full of the joys of romance but when this doesn't work out the words can be very moving indeed as exemplified by the track &quot;The Cage&quot;.<br /> 6 of the first 7 tracks could be major hits and are the equal to anything on the previous album.The one dud in my opinion is the second song &quot;Dear Diary&quot;-which really is quite a dreary song and you are sort of surprised it should be listed so early in the album.&quot;Sing&quot; (the first single) and &quot;Flowers In The Window&quot; use banjo to great effect as a contrast to all the acoustic and not so loud electric guitars.Songs such as &quot;Side&quot; and &quot;Pipe Dreams&quot; also have the novelty of using excellent harmony on the chorus.And boy each chorus really stands out so good that you'll be able to sing along without the c.d. after a few listens.It's a really great first half to this album. <br /> Fran Healy's singing is just terrific and more confident on this album.This is most perfectly illustrated on track 8.He manages to alternate between  falsetto and good folky/blues voice.In fact the vocals and harmonies on this album are very reminiscent of The Bryds or Teenage Fanclub.&quot;Last Train&quot; sees the guest appearance on keyboards of Jason Falkiner of Jellyfish fame.The song is very dark and gloomy and the keyboard effects help enhance the strange and uneasy mood of the song.Track 11 &quot;Indefinitely&quot; is a very gentle and slow moving song.In fact there are really no up-tempo tracks on this c.d.The keyboards manage to give off a very grandiose orchestral effect.The drums on this track are wonderfully sympathetic and the whole mood is only broken by the horrific sound of an alarm clock.Then we have the next track which is also the longest and has one of the worst titles I've ever heard-&quot;Humpty Dumpty Love Song&quot;!!When I heard the first lyrics-I thought it was going to be some sort of joke.This ends up being one of the best tracks on the c.d.Brilliant synths,an amazing beat; this song just builds and builds to a rousing finale.Instruments coming in to over the sound gradually.It's possibly one of the best tracks on a very good c.d.If you liked the last c.d. from this group I think you'll like this even more.For those unfamiliar with Travis well this c.d. is the perfect opportunity to
B00003CXP1|4.0|There is no question that Aronofsky is a brilliant filmmaker-- this film is hypnotic and utterly gripping in every sense. The actors, particularly Ellen Burstyn (who deserved an Oscar), are brilliant. If you ever need reasons NOT to do drugs of any kind, see this movie. It certainly raises new possibilities for the medium of film, because I've seen a lot of them and there aren't many that leave you feeling the way you do after seeing this one. How do you feel? Numb, depressed, hopeless-- in short, the film makes you feel like a junkie. The experience of seeing dilating pupils, shooting needles and Jared Leto's festering arm (nothing in film has ever made me cringe like that) is not unlike Burstyn's grotesque shock therapy. The movie is like being bludgeoned-- in a good, cathartic way, if that makes any sense. See it for the experience and see Aronofsky's brilliance firsthand, but I'll only see it again if I feel like punishing my mind.
0060392886|5.0|Because of the raw experiences of living life on a primal level... one without breaks or barriers and least of all manners will not get in the way clouding the situation. These guys were like babies being let loose in a house unattended. Getting into all the cupboards, all the poisonous substances, falling down all the stairs, fighting over all the toys, nearly drowning in toilets... and as true to human nature once was never enough.  This book has it all, good meat, good flow... goes down like a shot of Jack... kind of stings on the way down, totally lets you know you are alive but, well worth the effort... puts you in a head spinning frenzy. You will exhaust yourself without noticing... as the energy of this book will keep the thrill alive throughout. After reading, you wake up the next day with a hangover from the absolute abundance of dream material this will induce. The life of a rock star many always dreamt they wanted as a teenager has suddenly taken on a reality and it was everything you ever thought it would be... so much more and so much less. This book takes you into the minds and lives of four very real individuals that came from varying backgrounds. One of them sure to resemble yours. What will surprise you are the in depth looks at the other 3 people that do not resemble yourself and the way they think... You may walk away after having read this book knowing a lot more about people around you. On the other hand in some way they all resemble a part of all of us. In a lot of cases an untouched taboo part that will probably never be explored. You will no doubt be glad you didn't try a lot of this at home. This is your opportunity to fulfill that which quite probably will never happen in your lifetime.
0156284502|5.0|Esta fab&uacute;la es f&aacute;cil de leer para peque&ntilde;os y grandes, y con una de las mejores ense&ntilde;anzas. La le&iacute; cuando ten&iacute;a 8 a&ntilde;os y ahora 20 a&ntilde;os despu&eacute;s sigue siendo una de mis historias favoritas. La prosa de esta historia es refrescante. El pricipito se convertir&aacute; en una persona real, que te llevar&aacute; a conocer gente y lugares, pero sobre todo te ense&ntilde;ar&aacute; una de las m&aacute;s importantes lecciones en la vida. Esta lectura la recomiendo a esas personas como yo que les gusta so&ntilde;ar y aprender. Es todo un auto-examen de personalidad. Que lo disfruten
0385501560|2.0|As a fellow novelist and big fan of Pahlaniuk's earlier novels, I awaited his follow-up to &quot;Survivor&quot; with great enthusiasm. (I don't count this as a follow-up to &quot;Invisible Monsters,&quot; as that was clearly a publisher's attempt to capitalize on his &quot;Fight Club&quot; fame by issuing an early novel that had been rejected, and they flushed it out as fast as they possibly could).  I find Pahlaniuk bold and enormously talented, but sadly, &quot;Choke&quot; is a disspointment from an adventurous writer who seems to have stuck too closely to what has worked for him in previous books.  The novel seems poorly edited (some of the sentences have to be re-read several times to be understood), and his obsessions with addiction, the anti-hero, compulsive and impersonal sexuality have all been explored--with much better results--in his previous novels. In fact, as much as I'd looked forward to reading this book, it was something of a chore to finish it.  Yes, there are parts that are side-splitting, and there is much weirdness to be admired, but it seems that plausibility is sacrificed for the bizarreness which is Pahlaniuk's signature.  All writers have their obsessions, and that is part of Pahlaniuk's charm, his unabashed looniness, but this novel ultimately feels much more self-conscious, planned more from the rational mind than from the unconscious, which is where Pahlaniuk's talent really seems to lie.  No writer likes to hear, &quot;You're re-treading territory you've already explored,&quot; but I, too, think this is the case with this novel. I repeatedly said to myself in reading this novel, &quot;We've been here before.&quot;  However, all that said, I do think Pahlaniuk has a particular and peculiar vision, and I will continue to read his future works.
B00000IP2L|5.0|This is necessity if you are a music fan. One of the greatest albums ever. The guitar playing is insane! I love the vocals, and the drums...the drums absolutely are perfect. This Phil Ondich fella sure knows what he's doing. He doesn't overplay, or underplay...and it's all pure talent. I don't have to say much on Zakk, we all know and love his music. This cd is just Zakk and his drinking buddy Philth. They are great on this cd as well as Stronger Than Death, the followup. The live album that Zakk released is horrible. The new drummer is absolutely horrible, I don't know why he hired that guy...It ruins the whole live album. Get this one, it's the best! Don't forget to check out Zakk's acoustic solo album &quot;Book Of Shadows&quot; also for some superb music...could have been up there with one of the greats, but due to lack of promotion....ah we know the story. 10 Stars. Sonic Brew SLAMS!
B00005BJ2O|5.0|After being thoroughly dazzled by the movie (enough to place it as one of my 5 favorite movies), I went and got the soundtrack.   I stalled for a couple days because I was a bit concerned about the fact that not all the musical numbers from the movie are included.  Then I threw that out the window and bought the CD.  I love it.  I am throughly impressed by the voices of Ewan McGregor and Nicole Kidman...they both sound beautifully and are really expressive.  Because of it, Ewan McGregor is now on the top 5 list of stars I'm in love with.  The songs used in the film are well-picked and help emphasize the emotions.  And they also add comic touches...I couldn't stop laughing at the men's chorus singing &quot;Like a Virgin&quot; (sadly, not on the soundtrack) or the Narcoleptic Argentinian singing Sting's &quot;Roxanne.&quot;  The only songs I actually listen to are the ones sung by the cast, and the &quot;Lady Marmalade&quot; remake, which is very well done.  To make a long story short, I agree with the people who say more songs from the movie should have been included.  I am a bit disappointed, but what's there is quality and I wouldn't mind a second soundtrack.  Speaking of the movie as a whole, it is high quality.  The visuals are amazing and has a beautiful &quot;love conquers all&quot; type theme.  The thing I enjoy most is that it is a musical movie, a genre that even Disney has begun to phase out of.  I'm glad Baz Luhrmann resurrected it, because it really adds to the overall effect.  SPECTACULAR movie, SPECTACULAR soundtrack!
B000050FEN|5.0|This is a truly genious movie, together with that, this DVD captures the entire concept of the DVD! It has some really awesome features (but I'll leave you to explore the for yourself) and sound and picture quality that is truly a master worty! THUMBS UP!!
B00004TH83|5.0|Lara Fabian has one of the most Beautiful voices,this Earth has to offer at present.Her range is rivaled only by Angels.Her rendition of &quot;Adagio&quot; on the World Music Awards 2001,garnered thunderous applause during her performance,with an eruption to follow her finish.Every song contained on this CD rivals the next,never is there a lull,or that usual clunker stuck somewhere in there.The only problem I've run across,is having enough time in my day,to kick back and soar with Lara.You did it right Girl !!!!!!
B000002AS3|5.0|Taken together with Nirvana's &quot;Nevermind&quot; and Smashing Pumpkins' &quot;Siamese Dream,&quot; this about sums up 90's rock and roll (the pure kind of rock and roll. Remember that kind, kids?), and was a cannon blast across the bow of the American music scene. Noel Gallagher poured every last ounce of creative spark he had into this album, then a 24 year old, and left his impression well within the upper rankings of great British songwriters for all time.<br />As Noel put it himself, looking back he would have left &quot;Digsy's Diner&quot; off this album, but let's be candid, who the hell cares? The entirety of this LP is dripping with the energy and swagger of these (I mean this in the best way) punks from Manchester. If you can't laugh along at their drunk antics from the early days, if you can't spot the fact that this &quot;Beatles-nabbing&quot; dig by all of the naysayers is so off-base, and culled from two or three VERY drunk comments by some VERY intoxicated young lads who went from being in a welfare line to being the bar none the biggest band on the planet literally overnight, then you shouldn't be reading this review or checking out this album anyhow. The real fans get it. I've seen the boys live twice, and they absolutely brought the house down and really vibe and have a good time while remaining humble in front of the true fans. Something to behold if you haven't caught them yet.<br />That said, every song absolutely rocks, and I'm loathe to actually say that &quot;Morning Glory&quot; is a better album. I think they nailed it here, despite &quot;Morning Glory's&quot; wider range of moods and gorgeous ballads. This is a band trying to make it's statement just so it can be heard. Did they ever.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|I think it was one of the greatest love stories of all time, it shows that love IS like oxygen.
0440133688|1.0|An awful book, I am sorry I wasted my money on this ... macho ... book.  I surely hope the doctors I see weren't like this during their internship.  Gomers indeed!!  I net when Dr. Shem is eighty he will feel differently.
0385335482|3.0|Overall, this book was something of a disappointment!  To give credit where credit is due, Ms Kinsella did a wonderful job in painting her main character, Rebecca, as a shopaholic.  The fixes Rebecca finds herself in, as well as the &quot;creative&quot; solutions she takes to get herself out of those situations, range from pathetic to hilarious.  That said, Rebecca Bloomwood is not a sympathetic character. While we might all be able to identify with aspects of her personality, she was so self-absorbed, especially in relation to the few friends she had, that it was difficult to remain involved with Rebecca, or even to root for her.  Even when she does do something selfless, the effects of that act on her character are short lived.  The result, needless to say, does not  endear the main character to reader.  Finally, this book would have been a much better read if Rebecca's love life had been better developed.  As it is written, it seems not only implausible, but disingenuous.
B000000I0Q|5.0|Genesis was never the same after Steve Hackett left, but the world is a better place because he did. As a solo artist, he has been able to reach much further than the confines of a band would have ever allowed. And there's so much more listening enjoyment because he left. This first solo release by a Genesis band member has Steve propped up by his then band mates. It's certainly dated, but the music nevertheless stands up well after almost 30 years. Taken in context, it offered a glimpse of what Steve Hackett had in store for us.This is a great introduction to his music and a perfect place to start.
B00004XOWM|1.0|Limp Bizkit....what is there to say? They were so promising, so talented, and sold out so early. If any of you actually remember their first album Three Dollar Bill Yall then you know what I am talking about. They have gone from that, to okay(Signifigant Other), to okay just leave with some dignity guys (Chocolate Starfish and whatever the hell it is). If you want to do something useful with your twenty bucks or whatever the inflated price of this junk is buy a few happy meals for the poor, LB doesn't need any more money to inflate their already sickening ego.
B000002UA9|4.0|This is a good Beatles album. One of the earliest ones out there. Although I can't say much about it, the good points are &quot;Please Please Me&quot; and &quot;PS I Love You.&quot; Also includes &quot;Twist and Shout&quot;
0446677450|2.0|Robert Kiyosaki is a great marketeer. This is his latest product--a book that has one good idea (buy income generating assets) and repeats it over and over. Kiyosaki's real genius is using this book to push the other products he sells.  <br />Here's a free income generating tip from me to all you readers. Write a simplistic book about getting rich and hire Kiyosaki to market it for you. Good luck.
B00003CXSP|4.0|When Silence of the Lambs was released in '91 and then went on to win Best Picture, we all knew a sequel was coming (we just didn't know it would take Thomas Harris 7 years to write it). And finally Hannibal is here, a film which takes us into Lecter's life after he has escaped from prison. He obviously has lived a life of exquisite taste, enjoying beautiful Florence, Italy.  But back home Clarice gets into trouble and one of Lecter's victim's (the only one left alive) concocts a plan to capture Lecter.  But also Clarice is framed by a fellow officer, but Hannibal really shows him when he gets his just desserts!!!  Great performances by Hopkins and Moore, once you get into the film you don't even miss Jodie Foster!  The direction by Ridley Scott is fantastic, as good as Gladiator with some fast cut-scenes and the soundtrack is a fabulous Hans Zimmer encore!
B00005LB9O|3.0|Travis' follow-up to their multi-platinum sophmore effort &quot;The Man Who&quot; finds the Scot foursome in a strange place. The completely unexpected worldwide success of that record understandably left the band unsure of what to do as an encore. What they opt for is another selection of impeccably produced pop-rock songs, although this time around they tend to be more glad than sad. Which is all well and good,except that the sunny nature of the album feels a bit forced, as if main songwriter Fran Healy feels obligated to give the public a more optimistic version of their previous collection of mostly melancholy numbers. Less personal, more universal. But in doing so, he extracts the element that allows his songs to speak to so many. First song and leadoff single &quot;Sing&quot; is pleasant enough, but it seems to lack the conviction of the songs on &quot;The Man Who&quot;, or the rollicking rockers on the band's debut, &quot;Good Feeling&quot;. The same can be said of &quot;Flowers In The Window&quot;, &quot;Side&quot; and &quot;Safe&quot;: lovely, shimmering guitar pop but with the undeniable feeling that something's missing. The moments that allow Travis to truly shine are when the mammoth expectations placed upon them fall to the wayside, leaving Fran and Co. free to detail his own hopes and concerns. &quot;Dear Diary&quot; is a lovely ode to Healy's own collection of thoughts,while &quot;Last Train&quot; seems to be the vengeful flip-side of the band's &quot;nicest guys in rock&quot; image, as it details the inner monologue of someone spurned and the dark thoughts that accompany him on a trip to nowhere. &quot;Afterglow&quot; convincingly details the end of a relationship with the narrator detailing what came before, envoking joy, bitterness, and regret simultaneously. Love is more complicated than black and white, Healy says. When Travis realize this, it's when the songs truly shine. &quot;The Invisible Band&quot; is a good album. It will no doubt fulfill the expectations of most of the fans who made &quot;The Man Who&quot; a phonemenom. But by doing so, hopefully the next time around Travis will feel free to make a record for themselves.
B00003CXN4|4.0|I felt that had a few scenes been cut to get a shorter running time this film would have been better, but it seems to drag along and by the time you get to the end you're really depressed.  But there definitely were some cool scenes with Don Cheadle and Luis Guzman, especially the sniper scene.
0553347845|5.0|I don't usually read biographies, but this book was wonderful!  Full of fun and interesting antecdotes about one of the most intelligent and fun people of the 20th century!  No matter where your primary interests lie, you will definitely enjoy this book.  I've lent it to several of my co-workers and now they're Feyman Fans as well!
0790729652|2.0|...I am anticipating the Special Edition release of this DVD.  I have read reports that it is to be coming out this winter from Warner, but a official statement hasn't been released yet.  But it is definitely needed.  The surround sound on this current disk stinks.  The picture isn't horrible for a 12 year old movie, but it could be a heck of a lot better.  The widescreen version on this disk might as well be full screen because it almost fills the screen.  I loved this flick when I saw it the first night it came out and is one of my childhood favorites, the DVD I have doesn't do this movie justice!!
B00004Z400|5.0|Even after a year of non stop listening (at least 2 hours a day, sometimes more) I can honestly say that this is the best album since Radiohead's OK Computer.  The textures and layering the sound manifests are amazing.  You have some heavy as hell songs (Elite, Korea) and some songs that can put you in a gental trance (Digital Bath, Teenager).  Chino's vocal ranges increase of his already abundant range from ATF and Adrenaline.  He can scream like a dying pig but also sing a lullaby that can put anyone to sleep.  <br />Lyrically this is last years best album, the cryptic messages of Elite to the gothis imagery of Knife Prty.  There isn't a best song on the album because all of the songs are breathtaking.  I just wish they would've but Boy's Republic on the reissue with Back To School.
B00005LB9O|4.0|Now, I really loved Travis' &quot;The Man Who&quot;.  Even though I'm well advanced in my years, that LP took me back to my awkward teenage years, when I'd lock myself in my room, listening to music by bands that could understand my pain, alienation and feelings of being misunderstood.  <br />And now, Travis release their new effort, &quot;The Invisible Band&quot;.  The overall feeling one gets from the album is similar to that of &quot;The Man Who&quot;; most of the songs, however, do not seem to be as tight, as melodically accomplished or as lyrically filled with angst as &quot;The Man Who&quot;.  <br />Few of the songs, namely the single &quot;Sing&quot; or the beatlesque &quot;Flowers in the Window&quot; do reach the borders of that promised land of early REM, early Radiohead or *gasp* Rubber Soul - period Beatles.  Sadly, besides the bright points, there are also some clunkers or typical filer material, see, for instance, the god-awful &quot;Dear Diary&quot;. <br />Over all, if you've bought the new Air (10,000Hz Legend) and the new Radiohead (Amnesiac), you will probably enjoy this release as a decent counterbalance to the heavy-handedness of those albums.  I would give it 3.5 stars, but since amazon allows only whole numbers, I am giving it a 4, since a 3 would probably do the bright spots on this album an injustice.
B000002J29|5.0|...this is the one to get (not that &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; thing), as it contains several of the band's strongest musical statements. For a live album, this is the sonic equivalent of anamorphic widescreen. Turn it up to hear an amazing wall of sound replete with all manner of wonderful subtleties. Phil Collins takes the lead mic gracefully, singing in a fluid, passionate style that unfortunately he later abandoned for a harsher, shouting effect.<br />The album's showcase is the epic Supper's Ready, which really comes alive with the dynamic power of the band behind it - sending chills up your spine during the Apocalypse section and possibly bringing a tear or two to your eye during the glorious finale.  Suffice it to say that the performance of Supper's Ready presented here neatly encapsulates what Genesis WAS all about.<br />Also noteworthy are a hauntingly beautiful rendition of The Carpet Crawlers, Firth Of Fifth (with the guitar talents of Steve Hackett on full display), and a dynamic performance of the closing section of The Musical Box - a truly awe-inspiring display of musical passion<br />Second's Out will help you understand why Genesis' later pop-oriented releases are held in a certain disdain by many of their fans. They don't make them like this anymore - buy Second's Out. Now! (now! now! now! now! ;) )
B0000508U6|4.0|When i started hearing that song &quot;Yellow&quot; on the radio, which is a cool song, I couldn't help but think &quot;oh no just another boring radio friendly brit-rock band,&quot; but once i got a hold a of Parachutes and listened to it all the way through I couldn't help but fall in love with it.  Parachutes provides little in terms in originality and innovation, but who cares this is just plain old good music that will set you at ease, and I guarantee you that its beats listening to bands like Creed and Godsmack...yikes.  Along with the hit &quot;Yellow,&quot; &quot;Dont Panic&quot; and &quot;Troube&quot; are cool songs too.
B000002IOW|5.0|I bought this album the week it came out back in late '89 and I still enjoy it to this day.  Honestly, any fan of Rush's music should be able to get into this one.  All of the basic elements that make a Rush record are there, including the signature sound that can be found between Alex's guitar and Gedd's voice on any of their records, even as the styles and focus change dramatically throughout their career.  <br />While this isn't quite the sound (Permanent Waves and Moving Pictures) that a lot of old school Rush fans go for, it's very accessible, and the songwriting is some of the best they've done.   Particularly of interest about this album is that most of the synthesizer sound typical of their 80's albums is stripped down to it's bare essentials for the first time in a long time, making the record closer to a basic 3-piece rock sound.  There's a lot of good guitar work on it, a lot of focus on melody without over-indulgence, and Geddy's singing voice (for those critical of his high pitched singing typical of the early recordings) has probably never been smoother and easier to digest than before this record.  <br />Playing by all three members is solid throughout, and there are only a couple of tracks that are even mildly weaker, in this reporter's humble opinion.  Thematically, it is also very intelligently lyricized and endearing, when it's not being overtly political.  <br />Anyone who even mildly has an interest in Rush should definitely give this one a solid and attentive listen.  I like all of their albums and own them all, and I still think this is one of the best ones, probably in the top five.  And yes, I do love the older, more classic-rock albums that most Rush fans love, and think this one, albeit very different stands up well next to them.  Give it a fair listen, because it's good (probably want to do that in a record store because you won't get a very good idea for what it's really like based on a few 30 second lo-fi sound-bytes). But, that's justone man's opinion.  <br />P.S. See Rush in concert if you ever get a chance because they have an outstanding live show.  I've seen them several times, as well as a LOT of other shows and their show is always one of the best aroound in terms of sound, stage effects, and an energetic, fun crowd having a great time.  And no, nobody paid me to say all this, they really are tops in their profession. It's only a matter of what turns you on.
B00004THAY|5.0|What could be sweeter than being in the back seat of that cadillac crusin' down the road with two musical giants?  Listining to this release brings back a lot of fond memories while making new ones.  There is no way one can listen and not tap their feet while sporting a wide grin on their face.  Wonderful, rollickin, just downright enjoyable music.  Clapton never ceases to amaze me with the breadth of his musical genius, and B.B. just keeps on doing his thing and it'll always be just right  The combination of these two produces musical magic.  This is no re-heated leftover...this is fresh, lively, expertly blended material that takes the best of the old and the new to deliver maximum pleasure for the listener.
B00005B4GU|3.0|You know who the real amnesiac is? It's the guitar player.  He forgot to show up for the Kid A and Amnesiac studio sessions.
B000002UDD|4.0|Coming hot off the success of the classic &quot;Peace Sells...&quot;, it would be almost expected for Megadeth not to live up to the high expectations set by that excellent album. The first half of &quot;So Far, So Good...&quot; is very good. It opens with an instrumental, &quot;Into the Lungs of Hell&quot;, and goes straight for the throat with &quot;Set the World Afire&quot;, the slightly overdone &quot;Anarchy in the U.K.&quot;, and the chilling &quot;Mary Jane&quot;. The second half of the album lags a little, with &quot;502&quot; being the only real filler on the album. &quot;In My Darkest Hour&quot; stands out especially, while &quot;Liar&quot; and &quot;Hook in Mouth&quot; almost self destruct with anger and frustration. It's probably not as necessary as &quot;Peace Sells...&quot; or &quot;Rust in Peace&quot;, but it is very heavy, vitriolic thrash with intelligently written, clever lyrics and it blows away all this &quot;Nu-Metal&quot; crap with a vengeance.
B00003CXRM|5.0|&quot;I am the man of constant sorrow!&quot;  Well, there will be no sorrow after sitting through this giddy and joyous Coen Brothers romp.  Simply a throughly enjoyable film that will put a smile on your face and have you singing in the aisles.
0312243022|3.0|The writer tries a little too hard to prove he's a good writer, and nothing turns me off more than unnecessary grandeur in writing. At least the interwoven stories are interesting, though the connection between the present day Clarissa and post-war Mrs. Brown is so obvious, it's not much of a surprise at the end.
B000002BUY|4.0|This CD is simply great. Mainstream songs in an album before anyone knew about them! Full of great funny vocals, rock, unique tracks, like Magic Medicine which is a fantastic track for those of you that like turntablists! Some other great songs on the CD are Favorite Things, Calgone, and New Skin (which a live version appeared on Family Values 98). Another song to note is A Certain Shade of Green which is a very sarcastically funny song of how slow things move in the singer's world. Even the hidden track after Calgone is hysterically funny, original and must be heard!
B00004XQ83|5.0|I truly reccommend this cd for those of you out there that wish to broaden their musical horizon.  For those of you who might buy it just because someone told you it was good is not a good enough reason.  The music contained on this album is superb without question, but I believe that there are a few people out there that might find bluegrass or traditional American folk boring or uninspired.  This is not the truth. If this is your first shot at this type of music, this is a good start, as is the soundtrack to Songcatcher.  Bluegrass is a very down to earth form of American storytelling that has seen a rise over the past few years.  If you like stories about the heart and America' struggles and strife-buy it. THe album is well produced and fun to listen to.  If you are up to listening to something new and are tired of the Britney's and the matchboxes, this will surely catch your attention.
B00000DHRZ|4.0|Many complain about the Offspring's change in style, but quite frankly this is their standout greatest CD. Total mainstream hits like Pretty Fly, Kids Aren't Alright, Have You Ever, No Breaks, Staring at the Sun, Why Don't You get a Job, its pretty much all hits! Lots of funny tracks too, like Walla Walla, which is about crime and not getting a slap on the wrists, Why Don't You Get a Job, which we all know someone that this song describes. With fast paced punkish style, with pop lyrics this CD created a new style that has made the gateway for bands like Blink 182.
B00005BJ2O|3.0|Before you buy this album, be sure that you want an album that has the exact recordings from the movie AND!!!!! versions of songs from the movie that you probably did not pay too much attention to because you were so caught up with Ewan and Nicole singing their hearts out.  Those cuts are here and will surely remind you of the great scenes from the movie, but the versions of other songs don't seem to fit.  Personally, I would like to have had all of the new versions of the songs sung directly from the cast rather than those I barely even noticed.  All in all this cd is ok, mostly it will make you remember the finer moments the movie had to offer.
B00005IC2H|5.0|Think again! Listen to this beautiful music from this band from Iceland. You have never heard anything like it before. The music is dreamy and dramatic. Listen to it and it will surprise you at the turns it makes. The vocals are in a dream language and the sounds are incredible. The guitarist plays his guitar with a bow like the cello. Listen and be amazed.
B00005BJC7|5.0|First off, I want to say that those who say that Radiohead is doing something that has never been done before, are totally wrong. When Radiohead was making Kid A and Amnesiac, Thom Yorke bought all the cd's from the Warp label and that's why Kid A and Amnesiac are compared to work from Autechre, Aphex Twin and Boards of Canada, because Radiohead got their inspiration from them.<br />But even though these two albums are not a musical breakthrough, I still find them to be excellent albums and I think that Amnesiac is better than Kid A. I must disagree with Rob Damm, who doesn't like the album much. He says that Tortoise and Will Oldham are a much better and those who would listen to them would think the same. Well, I love Will Oldham's work and I like Tortoise very much, but Radiohead can not be compared to such bands, because Radiohead serves another purpose. If you want to listen to beautiful music, listen to Sigur Ros, Spiritualized or Brian Eno and if you want calm, laid back music, listen to Will Oldham, but if you want to listen to a depressing, moody music, listen to Radiohead...<br />The songs that stand out on Amnesiac are The Pyramid Song, You and Whose Army and Knives out. These songs are all a step back to Radioheads past, and could easily have been on OK Computer. I personally hope we will see more of these kind of songs, because Radiohead is the master of this style, but not the ambient electro kind where Aphex Twin, Autechre and Plaid rule.
B00003CXDZ|2.0|It was basically a musical, and they broke out in song every 2 minutes. The way that they made everything fast and unreal just made it kind of creepy. The singing was ok but the story wasn't all that great because they told us what was going to happen at the end, in the beginning.
0790729652|5.0|Tim Burton percieved the Batman comic book better than any other director of the Batman series! The Dark Knight in the movie is just as dark as the comic book Batman! If you love great movies, then you will love this movie. With production notes and cast bio's, you will love this DVD.  The movie starts out on the dark and gritty streets of Gotham City. The story evolves from a fairy tail type story, to a darker and more evil story as Jack Napier turns into the evil and sinister Joker!  This Batman is clearly the best. Great make-up, costume designs, set designs, and acting. Get ready for the edge of your seat acting, pyrotechnics, stunt work, and photography as Batman makes it's way into your Souls as the greatest superhero movie of all time!
B00003CXP1|5.0|This is not a tale of chemical addiction. To not feel that you have been destroyed and resurrected after it is finished is to deny tragedy. The lives of these characters are absurd, but so was the mother's life before her drug addiction and therefore so is any life. Their destruction is our destruction by the woe of this world. This is not a warning against drug use, but a cry from within the abyss that we can only, like Hamlet, remain stoic in the face of creation's grand atrocity.Its public face will remain, despite arnofsky's brilliance, a sad tale of addiction, but its truth is art, a shadowed doubt over whatever hope any life may contain and an acknowledgement that few if any can deal with life's menace with open eyes.
6305627401|5.0|South Park is one of many things, of controversy, of speculation.  I think it is the one of the funniest, most satirical and ultimately groundbreaking motion pictures to be released ever in contemporary cinema.  Sounds heavy handed for a film about foul mouthed kids with cardboard movements, but believe me, it is one of the few awesome sleepers.<br />It's story isn't as old as time, but here goes: the main kids of the story (Kyle, Cartman, Stan and Kenny) sneak into a R rated Terrence and Phillip movie and in the process shake up a town with they're newfound dirty words and offensive remarks.  This prompts Kyle's mom to start a revolt against Canada, of all places.<br />This might've seemed a little too far-fetched many years ago before South Park, but Trey Parker and Matt Stone, the comic prodigies behind this movie and the TV show, prove that they can present a prevelant topic that actually has some depth and meaning in American (and Canadian) life today, and still give milk squirting out of the nose laughs.  It's a comic treasure and one of the few musical movies that work.  Various stars make cameos; Sadaam and Satan w/Skeet Ulrich will have some dumbfounded and some having to leave the house to laugh.
B00003CXP1|5.0|It is absurd yet comforting to, as the amazon reviewer has, relegate this film to the destruction of hope when it is sought through back-alley dreams. The character played by Ellen Burstyn is as absurd as that of her drug addled son and as absurd as reality however you choose to experience it. One should be left hopeless after this film and to transpose this ennui onto mere drug addiction is to deny the truth and beauty of this film and to create one's own illusory sense of life. We are all lost in the same mist, heroin, television, whatever and this film is universal, not a condemnation of particular lives, but of all life. This is, however, why this film will never gross 100 million in the box office, it is not a film the populous could or should comprehend. It is a film for the existentialist.
B00005LB9O|5.0|Buy this album! You will not be disappointed.  In this day and age with nu-metal clones droning on and on, and their parachuted followers feeling all 'now', Travis take back rock for those of us with more than six working brain cells.<br />Travis didn't miss a step in the transition from 'The Man Who' to 'The Invisible Band'.  Here is a band working on top form, knowing all too well that they have hit on that 'something'.  That 'something' is a perfect melding on acoustic and electric pop.  From the first single 'Sing', Fran Healy's optimism will not be diminished, he wears his heart on his sleeve and is proud of it!!<br />So, 'The Invisible Band' is a worthy companion to that trip to the grocery store, that quiet dinner with the significant other, or just vegging on a Sunday morning with the dogs and a mug o'tea.  Perfect music for those perfect moments.  Enjoy!!
0525945636|1.0|Like others, I loved some of Follett's earlier stuff, and this suffers badly in comparison. My eyes were rolling throughout at the repeated fantastic coincidences the author lards onto the plot - the &quot;by an amazing coincidence, it just so happens that&quot; events you are asked to swallow are far too many and far too implausible.<br />The basic setting(espionage around one of the early US rocket launches) is a good one, but everything else is a let down.<br />Finally, this is a minor thing, but the author has characters repeatedly refer to &quot;Xeroxing&quot; things and &quot;carrying Xeroxes&quot; around - Xerox machines were hardly common in 1958, and their usage as a verb was many years away.
B00005B4GU|5.0|From reading many of the reviews of so-called Radiohead fans on this website, I began to realize what a misunderstanding there is about the band.  Many reviewers consider the &quot;Kid A&quot; sessions to be a phase that will be over when they release another &quot;real rock record&quot; like they've done before.  One thing I've come to realize is that Radiohead as a band is a work in progress.  Each album continues to further the band, and I believe they have no intent of going back to what they used to do.  <br />And me, I'm perfectly happy with that.  &quot;Amnesiac&quot; is certainly one of Radiohead's finest, and I really respect where they're going.  Imagine the techno of &quot;Kid A&quot; doused with humanity.  Even though both albums were recorded at the same time, &quot;Amnesiac&quot; is obviously a step forward for Radiohead.<br />The songs are great (especially &quot;Knives Out&quot;, a new Radiohead classic), but you can't look at &quot;Amnesiac&quot; as individual songs if you wan't to hear the album to its fullest potential.  Many reviewers have complained about &quot;filler&quot; such as &quot;Pull/Pulk Revolving Doors&quot; or &quot;Hunting Bears&quot;, but if you listen to the album as one symphony and not individual songs, it will all make sense to you.<br />So to all of those stubborn Radiohead fans out there, prepare to never be happy with Radiohead again.  Hold on tight to your &quot;real&quot; Radiohead albums.  In my opinion, they will only continue forging into the future of music.
0452281881|5.0|Beaumont accurately portrays the cut-throat, backstabbing environment of an ad agency.  Living the nightmare of a stressful job is torture but reading about it is comic relief.  Beaumont does a great job of developing his characters through their own typed words.  I bet if you read this book, you'll laugh out loud.
B00002E23E|5.0|The words to express what I felt about this DVD, and Led Zeppelin in general, dissapeared with the Elven language; in other words, I can't explain my feelings toward Zep with normal words.  This DVD helped me to get in touch with my inner Zep.  I loved it so much; I watch it all the time.  With Led Zeppelin's music I feel safe, like I'm being watched over.  I pray to Led Zeppelin, and everything I ask for comes true.  Jimmy Page is like the Merlyn, Rob Plant is King Arthur and an Elf, JJP is an Elven wizard, and John Bonham (gods bless him) is like a &quot;barbarian&quot; warrior.  Everything about the mighty Zeppelin is amazing, and, while the feeling of the mental ... comes out in the music, it also comes out in the sight of the four greatest musicians that ever graced the Earth.  I loved this, and so will any Zeppelin fan, and even those who aren't Zeppelin fans (but no ... who think Witchcraft and Shamanism is ... worship (which it isn't)).
B000022TT4|5.0|People who rate U2 on account of popmart have to see this. It reminds us that they became the best rock band in the world through the art of song writing and live performance, not giant lemons! The dark and grainy appearance of the picture of this DVD means you'll be listening more than watching. I always forget this is classified as a 'movie'. To be honest I bought it for the live footage and dont care too much for the interviews and mini-documentaries shown between each song. But dont get me wrong, nearly the whole movie consists of live footage from the Joshua Tree tour. Great sound quality, great songs, great band, so buy it! Even if its just to see the explosive 'where the streets have no name' performance from Arizona.
B00004YRQA|4.0|Actually I whould give it 5 stars, but the price is very high so there for only 4
0140177396|5.0|Oddly enough, I never read Steinbeck in school. This is even stranger considering I was an English major in college. I guess my profs figured I had already read him in high school.<br />No, I never read him until, on a whim, I checked out a copy of The Grapes Of Wrath from my local library, and found out what I was missing out on.<br />I'm not going to talk a lot about Of Mice And Men here, simply because I suspect there is not a lot to be said that hasn't been said already. I just want to say that if you're someone who avoids reading &quot;the literary stuff&quot; because you think it's going to be too difficult, this is probably the book to change your mind. In prose of beautiful simplicity, Steinbeck tells a story that will break your heart. If you have a heart and a mind, you will probably be impressed with this. I know I was.
B00003CXAA|5.0|This is gonna be great!! I can't wait! Amazon doesn't tell you what you're getting, so here is the scoop as I know it ...<br />The Godfather Trilogy is ONLY going to be released as a box set! (though I suspect that down the road you will be able to buy them individually)<br /><br />The trilogy will run across four discs, with GODFATHER II  on two discs, and all are in anamorphic widescreen with  running audio commentary from Francis Ford Coppola. <br /><br />The fifth disc will feature 3+ hours worth of bonus  material, including Coppola's notebook on adapting the Mario  Puzo novel for the screen <br /><br />* A Documentary on the Making of the Films (73 minutes)<BR> * Additional Scenes <BR> * Cast Rehearsals <BR> * Filming Locations Featurette<BR> * Storyboards<BR> * Cinematography of The Godfather <BR> * The Music of The Godfather<BR> * The Corleone Family Tree<BR> * The Godfather Historical Time Line<BR><br /><br />That's what I know so far!!! Good stuff huh? Well what are you waiting for? ORDER IT !!!
B00003CXP1|5.0|From the opening of the film, you recognize the subject matter. Aronofsky paints a vivid picture of addiction, decay, demoralization and debauchery. Although the subject matter is foreign to some, one can identify with Sara's thirst for company and longing for a past long forgotten.<br />If you can sit through the whole film, you will have experienced a horrific account of the addict and their fall from grace.
B000003TA4|5.0|An amazing record that holds up even a decade after its release. With songs that speak volumes more thn anything at the top of the charts today.  Nevermind captures a frame of time.  A moment when the the slick hair metal sound died.  From the  opening four chords to the last note, a testement to Cobains genuis.
B000000OAN|5.0|Unfortunately, A Night At The Opera suffers from a problem similiar to that of Bowie's 'Hunky Dory' or John Lennon's 'Imgaine': The one hit it generated was so big, that the album itself, as a whole, never got what it deserved. For A Night At The Opera is much, much, much more than 'The Album With Bohemian Rhapsody In It'. It is a complete, beautifuly composed rock album, with all the pieces - including 'Rhapsody' - just in the right place. In my personal 'top ten Queen songs' list, at least five would be from this album. That's a lot.<br />The first track, Death On Two Legs, shows lead singer Freddie Mercury at his very best; it has a lot in common with the songs he wrote on Queen's previous album, Sheer Heart Attack - one of his last real rock songs, before he started doing upbeat pop-rock songs like We Are The Champions, and several years later stuff like Living On My Own (the horror...) Great, fast rock, great guitars and vocals and wonderful, nasty lyrics. Simply awesome. Lazying On A Sunday Afternoon is another great Freddie entry, a short, beautiful, happy little piano song. It's a shame he stopped writing songs like these in later albums.<br />I'm In Love With My Car is drummerman Roger Taylor's effort for this album; a good rocker, his best yet, although I don't really care much for his writing style - or his singing. You're My Best Friend is a song by bassist John Deacon, a sweet, nice little love song. Next is '39, written and performed almost exclusively by guitar master Brian May, a wonderful sci-fi piece, slightly folkish. An excellent song, and the only one, in my opinion, that Brian performed better than Freddie.<br />Brian's Sweet Lady and Freddie's Seaside Rendezvous are my less favorite songs on this album, Sweet Lady being Brian's attempt at heavy rock and Seaside Rendezvous is very similiar to Lazying On A Sunday Afternoon, but not quite as good - one like that on an album should be enough. Side B, however, opens with The Prophet's Song - in mymind, the best song Brian May has ever written, proving for the first (and, sadly, last) time that his music can be as original, unique and inventive as Mercury's. Beautiful harmonies, ingenious use of recording techniques. Simply amazing. Listen to it with earphones - you'll be blown away.<br />Love Of My Life is Freddie's song - one of the most beautiful love songs ever written. This version has never achieved formal 'hit' status, since it was not released as a single; it was however one of Queen's most popular live songs, and the 1979 'Live Killers' version was finally released as a single and a video clip. Good Company is a little Brian song - nothing special, with moderate vocals by Brian - the lyrics are quite good, though...<br />In Brian's own words - what can I say about Bohemian Rhapsody that hasn't been said? This is the one that stole the show. Finally Freddie came up with a song that showed his unique writing style but also made it as a hit. A great, perfectly established song, with one of Brian's best known solos. The album closes with Brian's great guitar arrangement of God Save The Queen, wonderfully perormed by May and Taylor.<br />From beginning to end, A Night At The Opera is a perfect album, which will leave you breathless. This is not only for Queen fans; it is a rock classic, which every music lover should listen to.
B00000099Y|5.0|Simply stated. You must own this album to understand its power, and you wont understand it at first, you need to listen to it a while.. but once you get used to the initial roughness you will discover some of the most amazing music in existence.
B000003RCY|5.0|Its Metalica meets Devo meets Adolf Hitler.  Whether you are American or German, Rammstein ROCKS.  Their high energy metal combined with a dance-club feel and overtone of dark and sex-oriented, militant lyrics is just what Der Doktor ordered.  I started out buying the latest Mutter album and soon found myself ordering the other two releases.  All three are unbelievable, although I am currently hooked on Herzeleid.  If you happen to be learning German, its a blast.  This all coming from a so-called professional businessman in American society.  LAUFT!
B000002UWW|4.0|This is a great Cd. Flea does a great job perticularly on The Brothers Cup and Anthony's lyrics are new and fresh and entertaining through each song. Higher Ground, Show Me your Soul, Catholic School Girls Rule, True Men Don't Kill Coyotes and Under The Bridge along with the other songs make the CD awsome. BUT WHY IS FIRE ON THE CD? Now I love Hendrix and Fire is a great song but RHCP didn't do a very good job with it. The guitare is not the problem infact it is very good. The problem was Kiedis, his voice and mood for the song just doesn't do anything for it. In my opinion it ruined the song. That is why the CD gets a 4. Anyway, let me stop before i complietly dis Kiedis. Basicly the Cd is a must have so get it.
B000003TA4|5.0|An amazing record that holds up even a decade after its release. With songs that speak volumes more thn anything at the top of the charts today.  Nevermind captures a frame of time.  A moment when the the slick hair metal sound died.  From the  opening four chords to the last note, a testement to Cobains genuis.
0064471837|5.0|Garth Nix&#8217;s Sabriel is an exciting novel.  Full of dark secrets of a time long ago.  The strong young woman, Sabriel, will fast find her way to your hearts.  You journey with her on her first quest as Abhorsen.  This job is an honored one passed down from generation to generation.  Like her father before her, Sabriel will use her deep understanding of death and the dead to unravel a 200 year old mystery.  In her search to find her father who was captured by a great demon of the dead, she will meet several characters that will help her conquer a much larger force then she thought she was dealing with.  The story is slow to pick up, but once you have read a little ways into it you can&#8217;t put it down.  This exciting book about coming to accept who you are and living up to the path that has been chosen for you.  This book leaves way for a sequel and a possible heir to the Abhorsen line.<br />...
0425170349|4.0|This book is excellent but if you want action on every page, you will be disappointed. Basically (not to spoil the book) there is one big action scene, then a hundred pages, another scene, a hundred pages, and then the same pattern two more times. Otherwise, an excellent read. It is also easy to read even if this is your first Clancy book.
B000031XCR|4.0|First of all, I would like to say that the fan-struggle between Celine and Mariah must stop. We should support both of this great singers instead of confroting them, shouldn't we? I don't think they have personal issues, because they looked very happy singing together in the Divas show.<br />Now, listening to this greatest hits CD has been an enjoyable experience, and I thought the new tracks were particullary good, especially That's the way it is, Live, If walls could talk, I want you to need me and Then you look at me (my favourite).<br />The selection of her classic songs is ok, considering she has released so much good material, like Water from the moon,  Halfway to heaven, Only one road, Think twice, I love you, Call the man, Be the man, and other great tracks. This could have been a double CD, but I guess it wasn't because the record company released inmediately The collector's series (another gem).<br />The reason I didn't give this CD 5 stars is because they ruined three songs. To love you more, The power of love and It's all comming back to me now were so much better in their original version... It's a pity they had to edit them.<br />In all, this is a good work, but don't miss the opportunity to look for celine's previous CDs, which are as good as this one, and perhaps better.
6304493681|5.0|I watched this anime not so long ago on Showtime and I really enjoyed it.This anime is very cool and different from other that I'd previewly seen.I'd never had the opportunity of reading any of the mangas for this anime but if the anime is good the manga must be better.I have to admit that this is not one of my favorite anime,the plot wasn't very clear and I felt that I messed a lot of details just because I haven't read the manga.It interested me a lot because it was beautifully made and the backgrown was pretty similar to the backgrownds in AKIRA.I woulded give it 4 stars but I actually respect anime very much to concentrate just in what I like and forgetting about what is really important.When you watch it you will really know what I am talking about.Buy it or rent it but this is one that you wouldn't want to miss.
B00004X01U|1.0|I always eagerly await new releases from Ms. Madonna.  She's clever, campy, fun & entertaining...until now.  What a \\"Yawn\\" this C.D. was!!  <br />Her monotone delivery of toned down, ultra boring material sounded like anyone else's drivel on the radio.  It seemed like she couldn't decide whether to [copy] J.Lo. or Cher, so she combined both of their styles to deliever a decidedly un-new, un-creative un-Madonna albumn.<br />I know that she reinvents from time to time, but this Madonna incarnation needed more time in the laboratory before being unleashed on the general public.  Dr. Frankenstein himself couldn't have breathed life into this corpse!
B00005J9U1|5.0|This updated Bob Marley greatest hits collection was released 20 years and one day after the legendary Jamaican singer's funeral, 10 days after his untimely 1981 death from cancer at 36. It closed a 20-year career that still seemed brief, and a legacy inspiring world music and alternative rock styles, and US/Third World relations, to this day.<br />&quot;One Love&quot; is brighter-sounding, more generous sounding 1984's &quot;Legend,&quot; reggae's top-selling LP and itself a model of packaging and artist respect. Marley's beloved hits are here, among the only reggae tracks most casual listeners have heard: the serene &quot;One Love/People Get Ready,&quot; (used consistently in TV commercials), the sinewy &quot;Jamming&quot; and &quot;Stir It Up&quot; (an earlier hit for Johnny Nash), the infamous, strident &quot;I Shot The Sheriff&quot; and &quot;Get Up, Stand Up.&quot; These songs slide from personal to political to spiritual to sensual casually, as slyly as Peter Tosh's legendary keyboard work cushioned Marley's guitar and trademark percussion. The first sounds of New Wave (Police, U2) is difficult to comprehend without these classic tracks.<br />You also hear Marley's deep love for American soul in &quot;Roots, Rock, Reggae&quot; (sounding like James Brown in ballad mode), his clever wordplay in &quot;Iron Lion Zion&quot; and his compelling, hypnotic concert sound in 1975's &quot;No Woman, No Cry.&quot; (&quot;One Love&quot; lacks tracks from 1978's remarkable &quot;Babylon By Bus&quot; live set).<br />Despite evocative photographs and superb Ted Jensen remastering, &quot;One Love&quot;'s annotation lags behind &quot;Legend.&quot; Billboard editor/Marley biographer Timothy White contributed an historical essay and song-by-song commentary to the 1984 set, acknowledging Marley bandmates Tosh, Bunny Wailer, and the I-Threes (including widow Rita Marley) for their contributions. &quot;One Love,&quot; meanwhile, only lists Wailer members between 1972-81.<br />But the quality of its music and packaging still makes &quot;One Love&quot; yet another superb collection from UTV, Universal Music's catalogue division releasing bright-sounding artist and label compilation updates (&quot;Classic Motown,&quot; &quot;Pure Disco,&quot; greatest hits sets from Tom Petty, Tom Jones, Ella Fitzgerald and others) and bringing revered music into the 21st century. &quot;One Love&quot; is a recommended, intelligent purchase for those dissatisfied with the fewer songs on &quot;Legend,&quot; but unwilling to purchase Marley's expansive box set &quot;Songs of Freedom.&quot;e quality of its music and packaging still makes &quot;One Love&quot; yet another superb collection from UTV, Universal Music's catalogue division releasing bright-sounding artist and label compilation updates (&quot;Classic Motown,&quot; &quot;Pure Disco,&quot; greatest hits sets from Tom Petty, Tom Jones, Ella Fitzgerald and others) and bringing revered music into the 21st century. &quot;One Love&quot; is a recommended, intelligent purchase for those dissatisfied with the fewer songs on &quot;Legend,&quot; but unwilling to purchase Marley's expansive box set &quot;Songs of Freedom.&quot;
B00005B4GU|5.0|....For one thing, this album isn't meant to be listened to over a P.A. system in a record store.  The first time I heard it was in the dark whilst wearing headphones, and it was a simply incredible experience.<br />Now many people have the same basic question when they consider buying this album: what other Radiohead album does it sound most like?  The answer is none.  Given, it does have a structure like OK Computer (although I disagree that the first six tracks are good and the last six are bad; I think they're all rather amazing), but the album as a whole doesn't really go back to any roots that Radiohead have.  Some songs, such as Knives Out, have a very guitar-driven rock feel that you might have found on The Bends.  Others, like Packt like Sardines in a Crushd Tin Box and Pulk/Pull Revolving Doors, are more resemblant of Kid A.  And yet others, such as Pyramid Song and You and Whose Army?, are not resemblant of any other Radiohead album but are still some of the best songs they have ever written and recorded.<br />....  All I can tell you, the consumer, is to GO BUY THIS ALBUM.  And do it immediately.
B00005B4GU|5.0|Reading through the various reviews here, I'm not surprised to find that Amnesiac is not everyone's cup of tea. If anything, it's more difficult to adjust to than Kid A was. Upon first hearing, I was thinking that some of the tracks were filler from the Kid A sessions. Upon further listens, the album stands on equal ground to OKC and Kid A. <br />The thing that I love about Radiohead is the visceral qualities of the band's music. Up to and including OKC, this was done with Thom's vocals and epic guitar playing. Well, Thom's voice is still there, but it's just another instrument in the mix now. The guitars show up, but without the bombast. It used to be the anthemic qualities which made the band stand out, but now it's much more about creating and reflecting a thematic environment. For example: On Paranoid Android from OKC, the lyrics were what encapsulated the titular Paranoia. Now compare it to Like Spinning Plates off Amnesiac. What lyrics which can be understood still sound pretty paranoid, but now it's the entire sound of the song which conveys paranoia. This is environmental music, meant to reflect the world, (or one person's view of it), rather than try to stand out in it as something special.<br />I saw one review which suggests that Amnesiac is a load of duff the band put out just to make more money. I see it as just the opposite. This is the sound of a band who is making exactly what they want, and caring very little whether it's bought or not. I don't think the band is looking to alienate their fans, nor do I think they are trying to shrug off the supergroup status. They are simply creating something they love. There's countless bands with succesful formulas out there. I think it's wonderful to see a band which is brave enough to chuck the formula and stretch out. Change is scary. Radiohead is brave. Listen if you like.
B00003CXRP|3.0|I went to see this on the weight of it being made by Robert Zemeckis and his usual producers.  It was the typical Zemeckis film, main focus on camera work and acting but little attention to character development or anything else.  The casting of Tom hanks, who is basically the only character who is set up at all during the first act, was great.  He is the all american guy who, no matter who you are, believe in and want to succeed.  Another review of this movie stated that most people missed the point of the movie, well he did too.  It's not building up to the seperation of his fiancee, it's the seperation of him from society and everything he's focused on in his life.  Everything he's put his attention to has lost its place for him.  His job doesn't mean anything to him anymore, his family doesn't warrant his attention, and his wife has nearly forgotten about him.  Granted, the allegorical curtain scene blew me away as did the extraordinary plane crash.  The plane crash scene alone makes the movie worth watching.  But what kind of movie would need to resort to Tom Hanks accidentally hurting himself? A movie which lacks real depth, that kind of movie. Yet, all the special features on the dvd which take you through nearly every aspect of the making of Cast Away is enough reason to buy it.  Although it was a good movie, it shouldn't take attention away from O Brother, Where Art Though? which was one of the best five movies of last year, too many good movies came out last year.  All in all, this was a good movie but was overrated.  It's still worth the 17.99 to get the two dvds at Best Buy.
B00003CXRP|5.0|Tom Hanks has the golden touch and it seems that every film he is involved with is a hit.  It could have alot to do with he is a good actor, or it could be that he picks all of the best films to do which he has done with Cast Away.  Tom Hanks plays Chuck Nolan who works for a parcel firm who is obsessed with time and punctuality, and is the team member and problem sorter so he is constantly flown out to different depots to sort out problems and make some improvements.  while on a routine flight the plane runs into difficulties and crashes leaving Chuck as the only survivor.  What follows is one mans tale of survival and determination, which is told oin the best possible way. (i like the added touch of Chucks new friend)  There is a deeper meaning to the film than Chuck getting stranded but that would spoil the film for you, just watch it and i'm sure that you won't be dissapointed
B000005RFQ|1.0|Ian Gillan was the worst singer Black Sabbath ever had, he even said so himself.  Deep Purple and Black Sabbath sound nothing alike, to think Gillan could fill the shoes' is just plain stupid.
0449227421|4.0|Excellent book! You won't be able to put this one down! The genetic and scientific detail is enough to make it sound, but not so much that the average reader gets lost in the mumbo-jumbo.<br />It's a great read, but make sure that you don't have to do anything else, because you won't want to put this book down until you are done!
B000001DQI|5.0|This is a landmark album for Elton John.  It contains many memorable melodies and lyrics from one of rock and roll's most prolific and talented songwriting teams since Lennon and McCartney.  Elton shows off his incredible piano abilities and tremendous voice on such varied songs as the gorgeous &quot;Candle in the Wind,&quot; and &quot;Saturday Night's Alright For Fighting.&quot;  Elton John has a way with writing compelling music to fit Bernie Taupin's unique lyrical style.  This shows on standouts like the title track, and the infectious &quot;Bennie and the Jets.&quot;  Captain Fantastic lives up to his title on this LP.  And be sure to catch Elton John live if you haven't already, he's even better in concert!
B00003CXRP|5.0|Tom Hanks has the golden touch and it seems that every film he is involved with is a hit.  It could have alot to do with he is a good actor, or it could be that he picks all of the best films to do which he has done with Cast Away.  Tom Hanks plays Chuck Nolan who works for a parcel firm who is obsessed with time and punctuality, and is the team member and problem sorter so he is constantly flown out to different depots to sort out problems and make some improvements.  while on a routine flight the plane runs into difficulties and crashes leaving Chuck as the only survivor.  What follows is one mans tale of survival and determination, which is told oin the best possible way. (i like the added touch of Chucks new friend)  There is a deeper meaning to the film than Chuck getting stranded but that would spoil the film for you, just watch it and i'm sure that you won't be dissapointed
B0000524CY|5.0|30 years old, the movie not me. And still makes me fold into the fetus position like i did somewhere back in the eighties. Lot of new footages, i.e. the &quot;Famous???spiderwalk&quot;. Will another ever top this??
B00003CXRM|5.0|As this was my first Coen Brothers film, I really had no idea what to expect when I first saw this film. I just recalled from the theater trailers that it looked funny and thought it deserved a chance. To say I was pleasantly surprised would be an understatement. I can't recall the last time I had so much fun watching a movie. The humor, the acting, the music - it all blended together to deliver a truly wonderful experience. This one is a keeper!!
0780626478|4.0|&quot;A Blast from the Past&quot; is one of those films that start with a funny idea and become even crazier every minute. Although there are no big surprises, it keeps you watching very closely so you won't miss any of the jokes - which are brilliant! Adam's (Brendan Frazer) almost unbelievable innocence colliding with the vices of the &quot;upper world&quot; is captivating. Also, every single character is very well played and completely integrated in the story. If you want to have a good laugh, watch this film!
038542471X|5.0|This is my favorite John Grisham yet. He sets the scene when Mark, an 11-year old boy living in a trailer park, witnesses the horrible suicide of a Mafia lawyer. Before he kills himself, the lawyer tells Mark where one of his Mafia clients buried the body of a once-powerful and famous senator. Through a series of twisted events, everyone from the FBI to the Mafia discovers that Mark is carrying this dark secret. The FBI employs every method in the book to make him talk, and the Mafia will do anything to keep him quiet. In comes Reggie Love, an amazing Grisham concoction, who wants nothing but to keep Mark and his family safe. I thought Grisham did a great job developing the characters of Mark and Reggie, and I read the entire book, front to back, in one day.
1891252089|5.0|I have looked at a lot of books on yoga, and also own both of Beryl Bender Birch's books, but David Swenson's book and tapes are the absolute best for someone who wants to get started with Ashtanga. Highly recommend the &quot;Short Forms&quot; video for those not already familiar with Ashtanga; it is extremely user-friendly and unpretentious.  This is supposed to be about the book, though, which is excellent; it includes photos of most modifications that are discussed, is easy to follow, and is the only book that includes ALL of the postures in primary and secondary series. The only criticism I have is that the Birch books are better about letting the reader know which postures should be avoided without help of a teacher. Hopefully, as Ashtanga grows in popularity, there will be more qualified teachers throughout the country. Now, though, many of us do not have the option of regular instruction, and this book is the next best thing.
B000001GPX|5.0|The hallmark of a truly great piece of music is its openness to a multitude of interpretations. Needless to say, there are many wonderful recordings of Beethoven's Fifth Symphony. But if I were forced at gunpoint to choose only one, this would probably be it. The phrasing is exquisite, the tempi almost perfect and the orchestral colours of this wonderful work are on brilliant display. I can't help but feel that this is the defintive Fifth! Think no more and buy this record.
B000001GPX|4.0|I would like to clearly differentiate here between beginning classical (or Beethoven) listeners, and &quot;experienced&quot; listeners.<br />OK. You're a beginning listener if you've listened to the 5th and the 7th never at all, or maybe a couple of times. You're an &quot;experienced&quot; listener if you've listened to the 5th more than a hundred times.<br />If you're a beginning listener:<br />This is a wonderful recording. The sound is great; individual instruments stand out; the flow is smooth; and there is fierceness and power in the places it should be. It's a full-blooded performance that will truly captivate you if you have a good ear for classical music.<br />This CD is a great place to begin your exploration of Beethoven's symphonies.  (Please ignore the rest of this review!)<br />Now, if you're an &quot;experienced&quot; listener:<br />Maybe I'm biased, but Kleiber and the VPO simply do not match Karajan and the BPO (I'm talking about both the old recordings as well as the recent Gold edition). I would not call this a disappointing performance by any means; but having listened to so much Beethoven over the past fifteen years, I must point out the following :<br />(a) You'll sorely miss Karajan's thorough maturity and familiarity with the symphonies, as well as his smooth flow;<br />(b) Tempo changes sometimes sound a bit 'off' in this performance, especially in the first movement;<br />(c) If you've listened to most of the great performances of the 5th and the 7th, I must report that you will not find much that is novel or striking here, although the sound is exceptionally good.<br />This is not to downplay this performance in any way; I am only saying that neither is this recording novel enough to make it a collector's must-have, nor is it great enough to rival the other great performances.
B00003CXAA|5.0|Francis Ford Coppola and Paramount Home Entertainment held a press conference and street fair in Brooklyn, and yours truly was there! The exciting news, of course, was announcing the release of THE GODFATHER DVD COLLECTION on October 9, 2001! If the preview of the set is any indication, then I must say this will be the crown jewel in any DVD collection!<br />The three films will only be released together in this set. The Godfather and The Godfather Part III will each be on one disc, and The Godfather Part II will take two discs. The first of the good news? Francis Coppola has recorded full-lenth audio commentaries for all three films!<br />But wait, there's a fifth disc that will blow your socks off! Check this out -- the bonus disc contains 3+ hours worth of special features, including:  &gt; &quot;The Godfather Family: A Look Inside&quot; documentary  &gt; &quot;Francis Coppola's Notebook&quot;, an inside look at taking the book to screen!  &gt; &quot;On Location&quot; with production designer Dean Tavoularis!  &gt; &quot;The Godfather Behind The Scenes&quot; 1971 featurette!  &gt; &quot;The Cinematography of The Godfather&quot;!  &gt; &quot;The Music of The Godfather&quot; -- two featurettes!  &gt; &quot;Coppola and Puzo on Screenwriting&quot;!  &gt; Storyboards from GF2 and GF3!  &gt; &quot;The Corleone Family Tree&quot; character and cast bios!  &gt; Academy Award acceptance speeches!  &gt; Photo galleries with captions!  &gt; Theatrical trailers!  &gt; Filmmaker bios!  &gt; Corleone Family timeline, with real-life events mixed in!  &gt; Never-seen alternate opening of GF3!  &gt; And &quot;all&quot; of the extra footage found in the televised Godfather Saga!<br />The picture quality looked fantastic -- Coppola's American Zoetrope did a wonderful job restoring the films! From what I could tell, the sound quality was perfect, and the on-screen menus looked great. And the DVD packaging looks very nice.<br />All three films are in widescreen format with English 5.1 surround sound, French mono, and English subtitles.<br />Perhaps the only &quot;bad&quot; news I heard was that there were no plans at this point to release the chronological version on DVD. Francis said that the films were meant to be seen with the flashbacks, and I tend to agree. The biggest plus of having The Godfather Trilogy or Epic on tape, or watching The Godfather Saga on TV, was all the extra footage included. Well, the bonus disc in The Godfather DVD Collection contains &quot;all&quot; of the extra footage, and even something we've never seen anywhere before: an alternate opening for The Godfather Part III. Francis didn't give a firm &quot;no&quot; though; he cited technical reasons for not being able to include all the extra footage on DVD: the different scenes are in various levels of production (&quot;they weren't mixed and scored&quot;), making it difficult to add them seemlessly with today's technology. Maybe, but they seemed to be okay in the boxed sets and on TV to me.<br />Do yourself a favor and order the biggest DVD release of all time!sh 5.1 surround sound, French mono, and English subtitles. <br />Perhaps the only &quot;bad&quot; news I heard was that there were no plans at this point to release the chronological version on DVD. Francis said that the films were meant to be seen with the flashbacks, and I tend to agree. The biggest plus of having The Godfather Trilogy or Epic on tape, or watching The Godfather Saga on TV, was all the extra footage included. Well, the bonus disc in The Godfather DVD Collection contains &quot;all&quot; of the extra footage, and even something we've never seen anywhere before: an alternate opening for The Godfather Part III. Francis didn't give a firm &quot;no&quot; though; he cited technical reasons for not being able to include all the extra footage on DVD: the different scenes are in various levels of production (&quot;they weren't mixed and scored&quot;), making it difficult to add them seemlessly with today's technology. Maybe, but they seemed to be okay in the boxed sets and on TV to me.<br />Do yourself a favor and order the biggest DVD release of all time!
B00005B4GU|5.0|In the early and mid-90's, Radiohead gained popularity as one of the most artsy bands (along with the Pumpkins, etc...) of the alternative rock scene. Well, if you were one of those people who was also listening to Bush and Pearl Jam, you'll probably hate this album. But for everyone with taste, its a must. The album is bleeding with primitive song structures with lush ornamentation crying in a space with a complete lack of gravity.  It's certainly not as blantantly emotional and confessional as people might wish it to be, but that absence adds to the overall feel and sense of being disconnected and &quot;robotic&quot; that this album evokes...and that in its own hints at a mysterious beauty and longing for passion.  If the Velvet Underground had access to modern technology, this is what it would sound like. Though it doesn't have the same hypnotic flow of Kid A, it has an archaic charm all its own...bouncing back and forth between beautifully haunting songs complete with Thom's impassioned crooning, to very mechanical songs resembling a blender's confrontation with an amplifier (which is a good thing). I'm sure even Brian Eno is impressed. The best song on the album happens to be the last song, &quot;Life In A GlassHouse&quot;, which is a saddening yet enlightening 1930's style tune in which Thom cries the most beautiful lyrics of the album, complete with a horn section which sounds wonderfully discordant even for jazz (which once again, is a good thing). You can almost smell the battle between perfume and cigarette smoke, and envision tall dark men in smoking jackets. Fabulous! The album is truely haunting and timeless with a classic sense of mystery. Basically, think of this album as more of an emotional experience (or the search for emotion in a lifeless post-apocalyptic world), instead of a musical pissing contest to write the best melody for radio.  Buy it, you'll love it!  xoxo
B00004ZAV3|4.0|The Beatles 1 in my opinion should not be considered a greatest hits collection.  I've seen several reviews of this saying that some great songs are not included.  Well their not included because they were not number one in either the US or the UK.  Revolution, Helter Skelter, A Day in the Life, Here Comes the Sun, and all the classic Beatles songs that didn't go number one didn't get put on here.  This is enjoyable but you don't want your entire selection of Beatles songs to come off of here.  The individual albums provide a much more worthwhile experience. If your new to the Beatles and this is your first album by them, check out Rubber Soul, Revolver, Help, Magical Mystery Tour, Sgt. Pepper, Abbey Road and The White Album to really learn what revolutionary music these guys made.
B00005B4GU|5.0|Any serious music fan that doesn't give this album acolades didn't get it.  Many won't realize just how advanced these songs are; suprisingly more so then Kid A.  I give Thom and Jonny a lot of respect for for not falling into what I call the &quot;AC/DC Trap.&quot;  A band that absolutely refuses to move on past 1974.  What have they added to music in the last two decades?  Nothing that didn't already exist.  Radiohead, on the other hand, brings something new to the table with every release.  Sure, people who got warm fuzzies when Thom wailed about a fake plastic love want that same feeling when they pop in a brand new release.  I can tell you exactly where to get those fuzzies again; The Bends, track 4.
B000002KKS|5.0|It's Dio's voice, man. And it' s Geezer's bass. And it's Iommi's guitar. And it's Ward's thundering drums. I just love this album, what else do i have to say?
B000002UZ4|4.0|Compiled in 1991, Discography provides closure for their career in the eighties, collecting their singles into one very accesable hits package that never fails to amaze its listeners.  For the casual listener of the boys, this is an excellent collection, filled with hits that are filled with catchy melodies and lyrics.  Some of their best tracks are on here with West End Girls, Opportunities, and Suburbia being some of the standouts.  For those fans of pop music thinking of digging deeper into their career, tracks such as Being Boring and Love Comes Quickly (which didn't see much exposure stateside upon their original release) represent the more clever writing of the Tenant/Lowe duo, and may encourage the casual listener to dig deeper.  The boys don't fail to dissapoint the hardcore fans here with the inclusion of two new songs, DJ Culture, with the ironic coupling of euphoria and hopelessness aimed towards the Gulf War, is an instant classic PSB track, and Was It Worth It, besides being a great disco stomper, is a celebration of life and being who you are, as well as making a strong gay statement.
B000009QPG|5.0|The most dynamic Slayer release to date.  No this is not the fastest.  Its not the most disturbing.  But hell it is the best written and performed of all albums with the exceptional Dave Lombardo on drums.  The album has no weak parts.  It is not Reign in Blood.  But anyone who dares to say War Ensamble, Spirit in Black,  Expendable Youth, Hollowed Point, or the title track Seasons in the Abyss are weak songs should take their brain out of the blender and use their ears.  The album is classic.  Its a very good introduction to slayer.  You get fast, slow, and always heavy.  NOTE: check out Decade of Aggression you get most of these songs performed live with classics from there more founding efforts.
B000021XS0|5.0|All I can say is buy the DVD too!!!!!!<br />Here is my review of the DVD since it is comprehensive enough to state what needs to be said about the CD (which is by far my all time, all artist favorite).<br />-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />    &quot;Scenes From New York&quot; is by certainly the bar by which all other &quot;concerts&quot; will have to strive to reach from here on to a very, very long time.  In this concert, DT shows what one can only attempt to measure as being their dedication to their fans.  With unimaginable reserves of energy and emotion, DT accomplishes in reproducing a studio quality performance in a live atmosphere, without stopping!  All while their fans and audience listen and look on in amazement.<br />    This DVD managed to captivate and immerse my wife and I to such depths that it very nearly felt as though we were actually present at the concert in New York.  And though the DVD performance did come to an end, we were still looking for more.  And it seems that perhaps DT anticipated this, and thus was sure to include the rest of the concert in bonus footage.  Over 3 hours passed from the moment we started watching and we nearly watched it again (and would have, had not been very late).  Still the DVD left our musical hunger extremely satisfied.  For anyone that has been searching for the sound that they could listen to over and over again &quot;Scenes&quot; is definately that sound.  If you also happen to be looking for an experience that you wish you could immerse yourself into over and over again, then &quot;Scenes From New York&quot; is definately that experience.  I dare not say much else except that this is a must have in any true DT fan's collection.  I would recommend this DVD to just about anyone.<br />    On a musicianship level, I just wanted to mention the following.  The articulation and raw musical talent and emotion brought into such incredible order in this concertdemands extensive study by up and coming students of music.  If there were to be a new modern day renaissance, then Dream Theater would define the standard by which music would be rediscovered.  We have today the very priviledge to enjoy history in the making as these musicians rightfully deserve to join the ranks of the greatest performers and composers of all time.  This DVD manages to reflect this truth and present an extensive amount of evidence to these facts.  Professors and directors of music and musical study should consider this DVD and album for use as reference material for their students to learn from.  It certainly provides valuable perspective and insight into musical discipline and precision combined with raw talent and dedicated musicianship.<br />    If only there were more talent discovered like this.  The world would be enticed to take music more noticably.
B000005RFQ|5.0|It seems that 'Born again' was condemned not to oblivion, but to eternal rejection. This album IS great and deliciously noisy, and of course, scary. I remember listening to it on a friend's house because i was afraid of having it in my own!!! Gillian's voice precedes -and surpasses- Manson's and King's (Merciful Fates's) voices. And of course, THE GUITAR HIMSELF, Mr. Iommi. I just love his guitar playing: crude, noisy, dirty. En fin, buy it, listen to it, get happily scared. This album deserves it. Enjoy!
B00005B4GU|5.0|Personally, I think this album is much better than Kid A.  Kid A's strength was in its uniqueness.  But I thought the songs had no depth.  All the songs seemed to end with no change in the dynamics or instrumentation, but hey, maybe that was the point.  I think this album took the good points of Kid A and made them better.  It feels like much more heart went into these songs than the Kid A songs.  Of course, there are a couple of forgetable toons, but most of them are great.  I still think they should have waited at least untill the fall to release this.  But they probably wanted to play these songs on their next tour.  Life in a Glass House is my favorite track.  But my opinions are usually the oposite of everybody else's so you'll probably think it's an absurd tune.  But hey, what do I know, anyway?  I thought Pablo Honey was their best album.  What?  You never bothered to hear that one?  What a surprise.
B00002Z88D|5.0|OH MY GOD!! This CD was amazing! I guess I'm what they call a new Metallica fan. This was actually the first cd of theirs that I ever bought (I've since then bought more) and I'm glad I did. This CD has great songs of theirs from the past as well as two new ones, one (&quot;No Leaf Clover&quot;) being one my favorites. Metallica's instruments blend in perfectly with the symphony and the music just sounds awesome. James Hetfield sings perfectly, with his very distinct &quot;growl.&quot; All the songs on this cd rock, but my favorites are &quot;No Leaf Clover,&quot; &quot;Nothing Else Matters,&quot; &quot;Fuel&quot;, &quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls&quot; and the first song on the CD which is just an instrumentation but it's great, as well as the &quot;Call of Ktulu.&quot; This CD is amazing and you would be a fool to not add this to your cd collection.
B000059ZLH|5.0|I sat here thinking of what I should say about this DVD.  I read all of the other posts so far and saw what all everyone else was saying.  I thought about going in depth of how long I have been a fan and what not, but that would get uninteresting.  So let me tell you about this work of art.<br />    &quot;Scenes From New York&quot; is by certainly the bar by which all other &quot;concerts&quot; will have to strive to reach from here on to a very, very long time.  In this concert, DT shows what one can only attempt to measure as being their dedication to their fans.  With unimaginable reserves of energy and emotion, DT accomplishes in reproducing a studio quality performance in a live atmosphere, without stopping!  All while their fans and audience listen and look on in amazement.<br />    This DVD managed to captivate and immerse my wife and I to such depths that it very nearly felt as though we were actually present at the concert in New York.  And though the DVD performance did come to an end, we were still looking for more.  And it seems that perhaps DT anticipated this, and thus was sure to include the rest of the concert in bonus footage.  Over 3 hours passed from the moment we started watching and we nearly watched it again (and would have, had not been very late).  Still the DVD left our musical hunger extremely satisfied.  For anyone that has been searching for the sound that they could listen to over and over again &quot;Scenes&quot; is definately that sound.  If you also happen to be looking for an experience that you wish you could immerse yourself into over and over again, then &quot;Scenes From New York&quot; is definately that experience.  I dare not say much else except that this is a must have in any true DT fan's collection.  I would recommend this DVD to just about anyone.<br />    On a musicianship level, I just wanted to mention the following.  The articulation and raw musical talent and emotion brought into such incredible order in this concertdemands extensive study by up and coming students of music.  If there were to be a new modern day renaissance, then Dream Theater would define the standard by which music would be rediscovered.  We have today the very priviledge to enjoy history in the making as these musicians rightfully deserve to join the ranks of the greatest performers and composers of all time.  This DVD manages to reflect this truth and present an extensive amount of evidence to these facts.  Professors and directors of music and musical study should consider this DVD and album for use as reference material for their students to learn from.  It certainly provides valuable perspective and insight into musical discipline and precision combined with raw talent and dedicated musicianship.<br />    If only there were more talent discovered like this.  The world would be enticed to take music more noticably.
B000000WA4|5.0|It has god-like presence in that only a CD as such, with awe-inspiring perfection, can captivate millions upon millions.  Billy Corgan's vocals are so right, and his lyrics so true that this album almost seems destined. Not only is this the Smashing Pumpkins' best album, it is one of the greatest albums EVER. And you will understand why the moment you listen to each of the intricately written and empoweringly sung songs that range from sweet endearing songs that touch your heart, to songs that are so catchy you cant forget them, from songs that gently caress and lull you to a comforted state, to loud metallic songs that make you want to bang your head.<br />Many of the songs on the album are very well known such as: *Tonight, tonight* a powerful song about a love that ascends above all and nothing else matters.*Bullet With Butterfly Wings* A song which has become a goth anthem- &quot;despite all my rage I'm still just a rat in a cage.&quot; *1979* a catchy, true-to-life song about living in a moment so carefree, that nothing else matters.<br />But that is just icing on the musical cake (or something). There are many great songs here that you begin to appreciate over time, and the diversity of the songs leaves something for everyone. That is why to everyone I would suggest if you were to buy one more CD for the rest of your life, make it.............. **Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness**
076783819X|5.0|This has to be one of the best movies i've ever seen.  I was surprised at how good it was because i had never even heard of it.  I t is an excellent, if very depressing movie, and has most surprising ending ever(besides the sixth sense) so if you like movies that are a little different from your typical Hollywood blockbuster, check this one out. you wont be disappointed!
B00000IMCW|4.0|Dawn Of The Dead is truly one of the most influencial movies to come out in the last twenty years. But for all the films (splatter, cannibal, zombie, whatever label you care to attach to) that this movie inspired or just plain ripped off (we're talking close to a hundred films, folks), not ONE film comes close to Romero's take of the reliance of society's commercialism and the ultimate downfall of our dependency for it. These issues usually don't pop up in horror films.<br />It also has one of the best and influencial soundtracks ever utilized in a horror movie. A full score written for the movie by the soundtrack specialist group Goblin and tracks from the DeWolfe Music Library edited together as only George Romero can make a perfect match to what is on the screen. There are no punches pulled here. <br />Unfortunately, Anchor Bay's 20 Anniversary Edition DVD is a letdown. The picture and sound quality is the best I've ever seen and heard, but it's a full frame picture with some information lost in the 1.66:1 letterboxing. <br />The DVD supplements are truly disappointing. A theatrical trailer, a Monroeville Mall commercial spot, and a few alternate scenes used from Dario Argento's European version (another story in itself). Ironically, these scenes are presented in the correct 1.85:1 matting. Weird. At the very least there should have been an audio commentary from George Romero, makeup effects artist/actor Tom Savini, or even from a film historian, say Tim Lucas; this would do the film justice.<br />As it is, I'm still giving this DVD a four star rating; it's too important a movie to be ignored. I think it would do some so called &quot;horror movie directors&quot; some good to revisit this classic film. Frankly, it puts a lot of today's horror movies to shame.
B00004XMTJ|5.0|I think this was by far one of the best musicals by Andrew Lloyd Weber I have seen (and heard) ever.  I am a huge Weber fan and this film says it all. With beautiful entrancing music by Elaine Paige or the silly and happy songs of Jo Gibb and Drew Varley. This is truly something you have to buy! Veerle Casteleyen was spectacular in the role of Jemima and she had big shoes to fill as the last Jemima was played by superstar Sarah Brightman.  The dancing is amazing and will make you wonder how in gods name they are so coordinated they must be experts and they are! The music will have you humming for months.  You may read things like the dancing was distasteful but it wasn't unless u mind a little hip swinging. Or you might hear that there was no plot. THERE WAS YOU JUST HAVE TO THINK ABOUT IT!!! The plot was that you get to learn about some cats. It tells you of the Jellicle Ball and the different cats that are nominees to go the Heavyside Lair. Then Macavity steals Old Deutronomey and Mr. Mistoffolees makes him appear again. This is a must have for anybody of all ages. And I mean it. Plus unlike the Broadway or West End, you don't have to live in the past (cats ended), New York, or wait for it to come to town again! You can watch it whenever you want!  So I say buy it. And don't listen to the severe critics. They don't have fun with the movies. This movie was meant for fun and fun you shall have!
0060282983|4.0|I rated this book a four out of five. Because I liked how the author told the story with the animals talking and the sad ending. This is probually one of my favorite books I have ever red. I strongly advise people to read this magnificent book.
0790729628|5.0|I saw this movie in the theaters almost two decades ago and till this day I still enjoy watching it repeatedly. Before there ever was Star Wars, there came a maverick, anachronistic director Ridley Scott who made this film. The movie received little recognition by the snobs of Hollywood, but over the past two decades the movie has far surpassed all expectations and grew into a cult status. In a way, the movie and Mr. Scott proved to be much ahead of their time.<br />Engrossing, philosophical, metaphorical, and with endearing love theme set in a world of futuristic time, Blade Runner will pull you into a movie experience like none other.<br />There are two versions to this movie: the theatrically released version with Harrison Ford's voice narration, and the current DVD version without the voice narration (director's cut). Although only the latter version is currently available it shouldn't be shunned, for it makes no real difference to the enjoyment of the movie. The movie is a towering, cinematic and artistic achievement by perhaps the greatest director and cinematic artist of our time, Ridley Scott.
B000059HAI|5.0|&quot;Tora! Tora! Tora!&quot; is a marvelous film that actually adheres to historical accuracy.  The viewer gets an understanding into what was behind the attack.  The special effects, for a film being 30 years old, are excellent.  The DVD transfer is five stars.  Unless you have no grounding in the history of the attack, however, you can skip the rather mediocre 20 minute documentary.<br />&quot;Pearl Harbor&quot; is so vastly inferior to this film, it is not even close.
B00005BJ2O|4.0|First I gave this CD 2 stars.....boo! boo! hiss! hiss!,...I know.  But after seeing &quot;Moulin Rouge&quot; which has to be one of the best movies made in the last 10 years, it inspired me to play the soundtrack again, which I now have a complete appreciation for.<br />I think you need to see the movie first before you really can have an appreciation for this soundtrack.  I was wrong to judge it before the movie.<br />From &quot;Elephant Medley&quot; to Fatboy Slim to the Roxanne Tango this CD does rock.  I have to say though the &quot;Lady Marmalade&quot; which I am already tired of hearing on the radio is good, but is used in the movie only briefly (thank goodness), but what is missing on this soundtrack is their wonderful and hilarious rendition of Madonnas &quot;Like A Virgin&quot;, which captures this movie in its true hilarious side of this movie...shame.<br />Overall though the CD is very good, Ewan McGregor has fine vocals, as Nicole Kidmans effort after I keep listening to it is quite well, as is her performance in the movie which I feel reads OSCAR.<br />So I change my review from 2 to 4 stars realizing this is a very good soundtrack, not 5 - because with a soundtrack you should have all the efforts, and without &quot;Like A Virgin&quot; it loses a little bit of its Moulin Rouge effort.
B00004U2NX|2.0|NOSFERATU was good but there was something wrong. Horror movies are supposed to be Creepy and Strange to a certain extent. NOSFERATU takes the Creepy and Strange thing to the limit and that is sometimes wrong. Other thing I didn't like about this movie was it was too much of a love story than a Horror Movie. I recommend this movie to anyone to who likes Horror/Romance movies.
B00003CXRP|5.0|Regarding the corporate portrayls the keyword here is REALISM.  I appreciate the accurate portrayal of real life where we all are surrounded by corporate enties - Toyota, Micosoft, UPS, etc.  What to me is unrealistic is using &quot;made up names&quot; i.e. they could have used PAU (Packages Are Us).  After seeing Gladiator and Cast Away before the Oscars my wish was there could be cowinners for Best Picture and Best Actors - slight edge to Gladiator.  Having prescreened the movie myself, my wife and I took our 4,5, &amp; 7 year olds to it - we covered their eyes when the body washed up on shore - incidentally they were quiet throughout except for a few laughs regarding &quot;Wilson&quot;.  It was refreshing to find an entertaining movie without the violence, nudity, offcolor dialog.  A sidenote - I made a &quot;kids&quot; version of &quot;6 days, 7 nights&quot; by editing out the violent parts.  One final comment I thought the fireplace scene near the end was quite memorable.  Thanks to all concerned for making an excellent movie that I plan to enjoy many more times including on a plane flight in the near future on my laptop.
B00003CXN4|1.0|If there was a way to rate this lower, I would.  It's 2 1/2 hours of my life that I will never get back.  You would be better off watching paint dry.
0553473476|5.0|When a Supreme Court justice was asked why humanity would be worth saving, he replied &quot;I have read Anne Frank's Diary.&quot;<br />What makes the Diary, next to the Bible, the best selling non-fiction book of all time has something to do with Anne's perceptive, wise, candid, lovable presence tangibly radiating from the pages.  And the mysterious fact that it survived at all written by a young teen under life threatening conditions.<br />Mrs. Van Maarsen, mother of &quot;Jopie&quot; (Jacqueline Van Maarsen, author of My Friend Anne Frank)--Anne's friend whom she wrote to and about in the Diary, was quoted &quot;Anne is not lost to us.  Jopie admits I'm right.&quot; (Anne Frank:  A Portrait In Courage, 1958).  This quote described an otherworldly encounter Mrs. Van Maarsen stated that she'd had with Anne's spirit after her death. Regardless of whether Anne Frank is affecting people from some other dimension of reality, the intimate impact of the Diary remains.  Touched by the &quot;still small voice&quot; of Anne Frank, receptive souls are forever altered and the heart of humanity uniquely softened.<br />  written on June 12, A.F.'s birthday
0790742322|2.0|Michael Keaton brings no distinguishing characteristics to the ghoul 'Beetlejuice', he merely acts bizarre, as does the script. It is often stunning cinematography but when the movie itself comes into focus, it's like finding one of Beetlejuice's snacks in your popcorn.
B00005ATQI|5.0|Right after easter I read the book, and found it so amazing that I wanted to see the movie right away. But after hearing that it was not nearly as good as the book--they rarely are--I decided to wait awhile before renting it. I just finished watching it, and was amazed. Though about 75% of what is in the book does not appear in the movie--with some minor changes to what was in the book that made the transition--this movie was great. I expected to watch it and think it was just another old horror movie that lost its edge. BOY WAS I WRONG! It was scary, frightening, and downright spooky. Jack Nicolas played one of the scariest villians I have ever seen. (Anthoney Hopkins as Hannibal being number one.) Overall, if you want a good scare from a classic director--Stanley Kubrick did a fantastic job...I loved the steady-cam--rent...no, I take that back, BUY 'The Shining'. What a great movie!
B00005BJ2O|4.0|I really liked this movie.  I really liked the music that went along with it.  But like any musical, I like some songs better than others, and unfortunately, only about half the songs I really liked were on this CD.  I've been trying ever since I first saw this music to find out what the title of the closing credit music is, and who it is by.  I bought the CD in the hopes it would have this orchestrated song, but unfortunately, it does not.<br />However, this CD does have a wonderful mixture of the different types of music present in the movie.  &quot;Fly Away&quot; is a wonderful rendition by Nicole Kidman, who really can sing very well.  I also liked &quot;Hindi Sad Diamonds&quot; for the mixture of genres.  <br />I do agree with the other reviewers, though; this CD is merely a sampler.  I really hope they come out with a box set that includes all the songs (as they were sung in the movie) and also the rest of the score.  The great music of Moulin Rouge is not limited to lyrical singing.
0425170349|5.0|This is the second book of Tom Clancy's that I have read. This book is a real page turner. I could not put it down. I stayed up to five in the morning reading it sacrificing sleep to finish this awesome counter-terrorists book. This book starts with a bang right from the beginning. It is like a rollercoaster ride: buckle up folks. The only thing bad about this book is that it is only 897 pages. I wish it could have been longer. What a thrill!  Some of the things I liked about the book were the characters. John Clark the spook turned bureacrat. Ding Chavez Cia agent turned squad leader. Former KGB agent Popov was a terrific. I really like his character and hope that Clancy would do a book on him or something. If you like in depth characters this book has it.  This book really got me angry in a good sense. It stirred up my emotions the way a book should. I can't say enough how much I enjoyed this book.  I have read a lot of reviews were people didn't like this book but I don't see how. I just purchased most of Clancy's other novels and I hope they are as good.
0140143505|5.0|I love to write letters. When a good friend lent me this book it reminded me why. I'm finally buying my first book from Amazon today, and this is the one! It will be the perfect gift for a friend who is having a hard time because her best friend moved out of state. I hope it reminds her of how special a friend can be, even if she is far away. Maybe it will make her want to write letters, too.
B00005IBGQ|4.0|I really didn't care for Rufus's first record, but when I learned Pierre Marchand was produced this album, I decided to buy it. Marchand is a Daniel Lanois crony, and has produced some ofthe most sonically exquisite pop in recent memory. Most people will know him from Sarah McLachlan's &quot;Fumbling toward ecstacy&quot; or &quot;Surfacing&quot;--- two bonafide audiophile drool-fests. <br />I was happy to hear a more stripped down, folkie-pop style on this record. Gone are the ornate Van Dyke Parks strings from the first disc. I really got into a few of the songs the first time through, and I'm starting to like this album quite a bit. If you like Harry Nilsson or Randy Newman, you'll probably like this album, as those are probably Rufus's two most obvious influences. The sound, as with much of Marchands work is not exactly natural, but very effective. There are a few tracks where you can really &quot;listen in&quot; and appreciate the inner details-- the natural resonance of a wood-bodies, nylon-strung accoustic, the &quot;action&quot; of a piano--- it may seem a little self-consciously &quot;hi-fi&quot;, but you'll really enjoy the sound on a decent stereo. Not minimalist/purist audiophile sound, but very good, very warm and open studio sound.
0679746048|4.0|A little plotless, a little confuseing, but a whole lot of fun. If you like stories of action, adventure, death defiying feats or other such thrillers, look somewhere else, all you'll find here is one magnifcently told storie of a single girl and her freinds searching to belong in a world that has not accepted her.
0060977264|1.0|Compared to other books by Coelho it is a piece of trash. It lacks the spirituality that stems from &quot;The Alchemist&quot; or &quot;Veronika decides to die&quot;. It is instead a cheap religious book with some twists on Christianity that may be extremely offensive to both atheists and religious fanatics. The story line is weak and the characters are hardly developed. The love story  of the two characters -if it can be defined as such- is pure background to Coelho's true intention os spreading the gospel.  Best advice yet: don't buy it, save yourself money and hours of boredom.
B00005B4GU|5.0|This is a great album, but for all you people who cant stand it Thom has said himself in interview that the experimentation is still just that, experimentation.  Now that Radiohead has experimented on two albums they will use what they have done to make beautiful music akin to OK Computer.  Only now Radiohead has a much larger pallet to create possibly the best album ever.  I guess this album is very electronic oriented and everyone wants music with that big hook.  Its no wonder some people dont like it.  But anyway thats just my personal opinion.
B000002NHN|5.0|These songs bring you to a time of King Arthur, dragons, knights, and castles.  Somewhere in the mist of a magical forest in a land of emerald green hills and rivers winding like serpents through the valleys is a mystical place that can only be found by listening to these words and music.  This CD opens this secret door to a time long past and you will be there.
B00003CXN3|5.0|Soderbergh brings to the screen a real piece of craftsmanship, where his skills as director and cinematographer stand out incredibly: you'll love the shots with full light, and if you're a big fan of Michael Mann's movies -Heat, Insider- you'll also love the 'quiet' takes full of blue light.<br /> As if it were not enough, a cast full of stars brings the movie to a totally different level: Mr. Michael Douglas (is there anything else that has not been already said about him); his lovely wife, Catherine Zeta-Jones, who happened to be beautifully pregnant in real-life during the movie; Benicio del Toro, who FINALLY became recognized as he should have, after roles as great as he played in 'Usual Suspects', 'Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas' and, more recently, 'Snatch'; and others.<br /> This movie where a carefully woven tapestry is thread throughout its length will satisfy most action-seeking viewers, just as much as it will fill the expectations of the thoughtful movie-viewer.<br /><br />Buy it, you can't be wrong!
6304263465|4.0|I thought this movie was a great, feel-good movie.  Near the end when that song, 'Shooting for the Moon' starts, it sends a shiver down my spine every time.  I would like to have at least a proper recording of this song, or a soundtrack of this movie but, alas, I don't think one ever existed.  Maybe, if enough people requested it they might remaster a recording off of the movie, hey guy's?????  Please?????
B00005ASOI|5.0|One of the truly best scares I've seen..Very creepy from start to end. The best dario argento film ever,not to be missed......I love this movie every time I see it.(about 60 times and counting.
B0000042GM|5.0|For me, Katchen has always been the consummate Brahmsian; I owned the original vinyls housed in a nifty London slipcase set, all the records in their own jackets. So, when Decca decided to re-issue the Brahms on CD (in their two jewel boxes), I was more than thrilled. I've been \\"living\\" with Katchen's Brahms interpretations for over thirty years--- and have never tired of them.<br /><br />The fact is: For the most part, the totality of Katchen's vision is unparalled; he has no rival. Even the Naxos \\"complete\\" edition of Brahms (with Biret) offers no real competition. Other pianists may offer a tad more depth here or there in one piece or another, but no pianist has played Brahms.... as I believe Brahms would have performed his own piano music. And this is no small compliment to Katchen.<br /><br />Katchen has captured the essence of Brahms, perhaps his musical soul--- if you allow me a metaphysical moment. Not many pianists are capable of bringing to music the illusion that the composer, himself, might actually be sitting there at the keyboard. Only a meager handful of artists might come to mind.<br /><br />I was listening to Sonata No. 1 in C, Op. 1 this morning and was amazed at just how fresh and incredibly real his performance is. In such an early work, Brahms has already made his mark, and in Katchen's hands it springs to miraculous life. The first movement Allegro is rugged, insightful, foreshadowing the Op. 5 to come; the second movement Andante is lyrically brooding (with more than a nod to Beethoven) with a wistful quality that goes right to the heart; the impishly demonic Scherzo is daringly original, followed by a breathtaking and propulsive Finale whose glowing trio section disarms in the most unexpected way.<br /><br />And THAT was only Sonata No. 1 in C!!! Sonata No. 2, Op. 2, normally viewed as a lesser accomplishment, in Katchen's hands is a wonder. And Sonata No. 3, Op. 5, the rarest of Brahms' gems? It is a performance that you will return to over and over again for its power, passion and tenderness.<br /><br />The eight pieces that form Op. 76 run the gamut from lyrical to quirky to introverted to brusque and, for me, the best set I've ever heard. The two Rhapsodies, Op. 79, are excursions into a sound-world that seems phantasmagorical, other-worldly, wonderous.<br /><br />The late Brahms works, however, Opp. 116-119, are pieces that explore every nuance of what it means to be human, every emotion, every question. And then some. Katchen plays these as if he had written them himself; as if Brahms were looking over his shoulder. [My only quibble with this set, as with the jewel box edition, is that the Opp. 116-119 are NOT coupled together on one CD--- which they could have easily been, running only 74:11 minutes. To break them apart onto three separate CDs seems aesthetically absurd.]<br /><br />Katchen, as well, gives the Handel Variations, Op. 24 a run for their money. Hair-raising, gentle, virile. As he does the Paganini Variations, Op. 35. And the Scherzo, Op. 4? Well, just listen to what he does with this!<br /><br />There can be no better way to immerse yourself in the piano music of Brahms, with no better interpreter of the \\"complete\\" solo works. Katchen is the rarest of talents. Oh, sure, his Brahms may have some rough edges; but, then, so did Brahms. And I think the \\"match\\" is perfect. For me, there can be no better, and I've heard an earful of Brahms.<br /><br />The London \\"sound\\" has come through miraculously well and much improved on the original vinyls. It is full, rich, quite present and mercifully without an intrusive amount of ambience. A flesh and blood piano.... played by an artist completely \\"one\\" with the composer.<br /><br />[Running time: CD 1: 67:12  CD 2:  68:21  CD 3:  67:30 CD 4: 61:24  CD 5:  61:31  CD 6:  61:49]and over again for its power, passion and tenderness.<br /><br />The eight pieces that form Op. 76 run the gamut from lyrical to quirky to introverted to brusque and, for me, the best set I've ever heard. The two Rhapsodies, Op. 79, are excursions into a sound-world that seems phantasmagorical, other-worldly, wonderous.<br /><br />The late Brahms works, however, Opp. 116-119, are pieces that explore every nuance of what it means to be human, every emotion, every question. And then some. Katchen plays these as if he had written them himself; as if Brahms were looking over his shoulder. [My only quibble with this set, as with the jewel box edition, is that the Opp. 116-119 are NOT coupled together on one CD--- which they could have easily been, running only 74:11 minutes. To break them apart onto three separate CDs seems aesthetically absurd.]<br /><br />Katchen, as well, gives the Handel Variations, Op. 24 a run for their money. Hair-raising, gentle, virile. As he does the Paganini Variations, Op. 35. And the Scherzo, Op. 4? Well, just listen to what he does with this!<br /><br />There can be no better way to immerse yourself in the piano music of Brahms, with no better interpreter of the \\"complete\\" solo works. Katchen is the rarest of talents. Oh, sure, his Brahms may have some rough edges; but, then, so did Brahms. And I think the \\"match\\" is perfect. For me, there can be no better, and I've heard an earful of Brahms.<br /><br />The London \\"sound\\" has come through miraculously well and much improved on the original vinyls. It is full, rich, quite present and mercifully without an intrusive amount of ambience. A flesh and blood piano.... played by an artist completely \\"one\\" with the composer.<br /><br />[Running time: CD 1: 67:12  CD 2:  68:21  CD 3:  67:30 CD 4: 61:24  CD 5:  61:31  CD 6:  61:49]
0375707972|1.0|After all the hype about this book I expected much, much more.  Usually I avoid all &quot;Oprah's Book Club&quot; books but I was so interested in a book that would cover the &quot;digesting&quot; of the Nazi past in Germany that I picked it up nevertheless.  But it lived up to all my negative expectations of an &quot;Oprah&quot; book....First I thought it was the translation ... However it is the content that is not developed well or written well. Michael's realtionship with the woman is not believlable which is the center of the story. The reaction to the Nazi years and the Holocaus is superficial, simplistic, &quot;unimaginative&quot; and predictable, i.e. he is not writing it any differently than 100s before him. The word &quot;transition&quot; has not made it into his vocabulary. Character develelopment is limited.  Very quick, boring read.
B00005ASOC|4.0|I am not usually a fan of blatant and odvious feel good dramas which this movie is.  Most movies of this kind overreach or push for somthing that isn't there making the movie feel false and manipulative.  This movie saves itself with two very good performances by Connory and Rob Brown.  The script doesn't have any real suprises, but the dialoge is good and somtimes excellent.  Mostly, what makes this movie good is the fact that the movie works by hinting and showing the friendship grow between the two characters, and the only sceane that has a cry here sign all over it is one that everyone know will come, and when it does, it is handled with restriant. <br />     The movie has its problems.  It lacks a certian consistancy of style at points, and a couple of plot setups seem forced.  This movie tells a story that we have seen before, but still does it with skill and integrity enough that it is worth watching agian.
B00005B4GU|2.0|Before jumping all over me for this review, please know that I am not one of those who's yearning for Radiohead to return to its &quot;OK Computer&quot; days. I have never heard or listened to that album (shame on me, supposedly!). I do have &quot;The Bends&quot; and &quot;Kid A&quot;, both very different albums, yet both very enjoyable.<br />I have listened to &quot;Amnesiac&quot; from beginning to end, and was very unimpressed, even bored with what I heard. The key track that demonstrates so well why &quot;Kid A&quot; works, and &quot;Amnesiac&quot; fails, is &quot;Morning Bell&quot;, which appears on both albums. On &quot;Kid A&quot; it is a beautiful track, with the dreamy keyboards driven by underlying drums. On &quot;Amnesiac&quot; it is an irritating, jazzied track, with Yorn's vocals too much up front.<br />I had read in several places that &quot;You and Whose Army&quot; was supposed to be one of Radiohead's best songs ever, and after I heard it (all 3'09&quot; of it), I thought, &quot;that's it?&quot;. I did like a couple of tracks, including &quot;I Might Be Wrong&quot;.<br />I was impressed by Radiohead's vision and guts when it released &quot;Kid A&quot;, because it went against all &quot;mainstream&quot;, but even more so because that album sounded great. Not so with &quot;Amnesiac&quot;. Looks to me that Radiohead went a bridge too far with this one. But who has the guts to yell out &quot;The emperor has no clothes&quot;?
630157401X|5.0|Sean Connery and Harrison Ford in the same movie, what more can a healthy heterosexual female ask? And any one of us could have told the Doctor Joneses that blond was no good! (both father and son how shameless, and lucky, can a villainess get?).
B000056K04|2.0|Saw Dave last night, in fact.  He played 9 of the songs from this album.  Interestingly, he used old chestnuts and Lillywhite  session songs strategically, to try and minimize the weakness of  this material.  I applaud his attempt to find a new direction;   I hope that he keeps trying.  All but 2 or 3 of these songs  should be (permanently) shelved, as quickly as possible.  Find  yourself a copy of the Lillywhite sessions, listen to it, and  then start the fascinating process of trying to understand how an artist can abandon such beautiful, personal work (in favor of this strange concoction).
0790746905|5.0|- he certainly managed to raise a mentally and emotionally stable daughter with a healthy hormone balance. Faced with the first men she's ever seen, outside of Daddy and pictures, she responds with enthusiasm; &quot;You're lovely, Doctor, but the two on the end are incredible!&quot; What girl wouldn't appreciate having a flying saucer full of healthy, hunky spacemen land in her backyard? Pity the Creature from the Id has to crash the party and spoil her fun.
1573226521|5.0|I saw the movie before I read the book, that's why I couldn't help but to associate the actors to the characters in the book. But I can say that the movie didn't do much justice to the book.  Alex Garland has successfully managed to give depth and dimension to the characters, and the small details and descriptions here and there really set the mood and it is was very easy to be pulled deep into the story. I look forward to reading his future novels.
1558807381|3.0|Sucessful Fantasies are rare in film, and this is not one of them. Though it surely is pretty to look at and Lily's transformation from innocent princess to queen of hell is fascinating to watch.
B00005AQE8|5.0|I remember the first day I bought this CD (the day it was released) a chilly february morning in 1996 in uptown Manhattan. When I saw Tupac throwing up the &quot;Westside&quot; on the cover, I thought it was true that he had sold out the east coast. I had seen 'Pac at several clubs in NY and he always had mad love out here but was now claiming Westcoast... When I popped in the CD though, it became clear that although jail hadn't turned him into a saint, it had put his music on a whole new level. This is the album that changed hip hop music almost 180 degrees and every album after this has tried to match this first rap double CD of original material. This album is perfect and can be played all the way through- it has 27 tracks of slammin beats and lyrics. Tupac talks about everything with the best rap skills ever laid down on record. You've probably heard the singles on this double CD- California Love, All About U, 2 of Amerika's Most Wanted, How Do U Want it, I aint mad at cha, etc.... but they are only the beginning of why this CD is so excellent. Remember I said I bought it the day it came out-- I still bump it. If you buy one rap CD *ever*- buy this one. If you are some new kid that listens to rap and think that DMX and Jay Z are good- listen to this CD and find out where they all got their ideas. Except unlike their cds- 2Pac never has a wack song. Too bad he's gone and isn't still coming with new music.<br />CLASSIC, I'd give it 50 stars if I could. This is the best CD by anyone in any music genre.
B00005B4GU|4.0|I just got my CD today and it is not what I expected.  Nothing can stay the same I guess.  The sound is different and I think Radiohead's experimentation is genius.  When I first listened to the CD I was thinking to myself, what kind of junk is this, I had to listen to the CD a few times to finally appreciate Radiohead's talent.
B00005B36H|4.0|Of course it's the best thing to come out of the mainstream recording industry since AEnima but: where's the rage?  As much as I enjoy it (I've listened to it no fewer than 25 times), I do miss the anger at &quot;the man&quot; and the intelligent-rage that characterizes all of Tool's other records.  Even &quot;Ticks&quot; seems to come up short in the rightous anger department, compared to, say, &quot;The Bottom.&quot;<br />Maynard seems to be at peace with himself and falls into flights of Whitmanesque fancy, dealing with the sacred nature of the profane, etc., and that's good for him personally.  I guess that's a product of becoming incredibly wealthy. But I still like to hear some F-Us being screamed.  I want to hear the hypocrisy of religion exposed and expounded on.  I look to Tool (MJK) to sing about and convey through sound the anger and healthy cynicism that I feel about America in this modern age.<br />Still, I'd say you'll find no other record half as good until Tool releases their next one.
B000002UDD|4.0|When I first heard this disc I thought it was basically bad with a few good moments. However, now that I've listened to it for a while, I think it's basically good with a few bad moments. The opening blitzkrieg of 'Into the Lungs of Hell' and 'Set the World Afire' is a pretty fine opening for a metal record; 'Mary Jane' and 'Liar' are solid tracks, and 'In My Darkest Hour' is one of their very best songs ever. On the downside, the cover of the Sex Pistols' 'Anarchy in the U.K.' is rather poor, and '502' and 'Hook in Mouth' are mediocrities soon forgotten. As an example of the 80s Megadeth sound, this album is not as consistent as Peace Sells, which new fans should check out first. But for those who like the 'Deth style, this should be a welcome treat.
B000002G87|5.0|The opus of this CD is of course &quot;Layla.&quot;  It is one of the quintessential rock anthems of our time, and the 'unplugged' version of recent years only makes both versions all the more relevant.  The surprise for people who are unprepared for this CD is just how painfully bluesy it gets. It very rarely leaves the hard driving aspects of guitar rock, but it also very rarely strays far from the debt it owes to the blues.  &quot;Have You Ever Loved a Woman&quot; and &quot;Nobody Knows You When You're Down and Out&quot; are remarkably mournful.  &quot;Little Wing&quot; is far more grassroots than is the flair of Jimi Hendrix's version, and the whole feel to the CD relies on a heavy blues bass overlaid with a blues guitar.  Hendrix and Allman play off of each to tremendous effect, and all of the tracks leave me in a blissful stagger.  My only complaint is the painful (to me) &quot;Thorn Tree in the Garden,&quot; but as others whose opinions I respect admire this track I will defer.  I had no idea what to expect beyond &quot;Layla&quot; when I bought this CD.  I was pleased to discover that virtually the entire CD has become a favourite.<br />On a related note, I keep reading criticisms that &quot;Layla&quot; and &quot;Stairway to Heaven&quot; and other classic tunes are overplayed, with people withholding stars as a result.  The reason &quot;Layla&quot; is 'overplayed' is because people keep wanting to hear it.  Overplaying a song is a compliment; I'm not sure how it has come to be interpreted as meaning that the song sucks.
B00003CXRP|5.0|This movie is simply the story of a man who has to battle the elements on a distant remote island, and try to survive because of a devastating plane crash into the ocean. Tom Hanks plays a Federal Express employee who's life takes a turn when the Fedex  plane he was on crashes into the ocean. We get to see the evolution of this person from, consumer to survivor. I think all human beings have survival skills if such an event like this were to ever occur. This film has many messages about life itself. Some of them are how we take what we got for granted, how some of us can be very self indulgent at times, and how we should just appreciate family and friends more for alls uniqueness. The cinematography and directing here, unsurpassed. Got to give Tom Hanks alot of credit for his role in this picture, this two time best actor winner at the Oscars is in top form here. Cast Away ranks among some of my all time favorites. If you like movies like this, try 1492 - Conquest Of Paradise, which also has some nice lush, tropical cinematography. Cast Away, is a film about survival, the human spirit, the Earth's wonders, desperation, and strength. All these elements provide us a nourshing and insightful look into the harshness of true survival.
B00005ATQI|5.0|I just finished watching this brilliant film for the 22nd time and I must say I can see what Kubrick was trying to pull off. Well, perhaps 'try' isn't the right term because he accomplishes it. By wisely shifting attention from Danny and his 'special gift' and focusing on Jack going insane and terrorizing his family, Kubrick has made a powerful statement about what occurs when man is cut off from the world outside, made into an insular beast, and how he must lose his mind to escape. Jack Nicholson's slavering performance is a masterful tour-de-force, never have I had such fun watching a human being unravel! Stanley Kubrick's direction, as usual, is meticulous.  From his brilliant employment of the steadicam (those halls, the snowy banks outside) to his ability to make the horrific seem lovely ( the slow, gushing tidal waves of blood, his use of crystal clear, clean white light and grand sweeping shots of the hotel's interiors) the director has made what is probably the best looking horror film ever.  Forget the quibbles about length, plot focus and emphasis on Jack, just enjoy the scenery, the the mystiqe, the suspense and marvel at Mr. Kubrick's genius. A Classic. Highly Reccomended.
B00005LB9O|4.0|For those Travis fans yearning for the band's more rocking numbers, you may as well pull out that first album again, you won't find them here.<br />It becomes apparrent that the effects of marriage, girlfriends, family and newborn babies have really influenced the mold these guys were made from. But, this third album continues to do what they seem to do best...  write great, slow, melodic pop songs. Travis seem to have the uncanny knack to tap into everyone's head in one way or another. The Invisible Band is a record perfectly at home in a college dorm, a cabin in the middle of nowhere, or at your local department store. But do not think that all the places it fits means it's diluted, it's not. The Invisible Band is a great record, no doubt about it, it fusses with the understated and paints all those beautiful pictures we loved on The Man Who. <br />The first single, &quot;Sing&quot;, with its plucking banjo and obvious advise, is a wonderful opener that sets you up for the rest of the LP. The truely moving &quot;Pipe Dreams&quot; is a sure fire single to be.  A pair of past live favorites - &quot;Flowers In The Window&quot; and &quot;Safe&quot; really sound terrific all polished up here. The very interesting &quot;Follow the Light&quot; also has single potential in the UK if not here. And the last two hidden numbers, show the slightest hint of playfulness but stay on the album's original path. <br />In these days of Coldplay, Turin Brakes, Doves, Elbow and other introspective songsmiths, Travis stake their claim with a flag of pop sensibility that everyone can digest.
0790733226|1.0|I have the utmost respect for the late,  great Carl Sagan but this story is dull to the point of absurdity.
0060392886|5.0|No true metal fan should go without this book. It's an honest look into the perils of rock n roll. It shows you more than what you want to know. Isn't that all you need? That in itself is &quot;very metal!&quot; Even if you didn't dig Motley Crue because they were &quot;glam trash,&quot; you probably have found yourself humming their tunes and that deserves a read of this most excellent chronicle. You'll want to know about Nikki Sixx's blind dedication, Tommy's boyish nature, Vince's traumas and triumphs, and Mick's very competent silence. Check it out!!!!
B000002TQV|5.0|Out of all the radiohead albums that was released, this is the best one. It is not experimental such as ok computer, Kid A, or Amnesiac. Rather, it is purely guitar driven, melodic, and its lyrics often depressing. I have been a radiohead fan for sometime now and I still listen to this constantly. Every song on the album is exceptional but my personal favorites on the album is street spirit, bulletproof, and black star. This album maybe one of the underrated albums out there. I wish radiohead would come back and create albums similar to the Bends but it is very unlikely.
B00003CXD0|4.0|Once I had a really bad argument with my friend in the rain. It was summer and we were both home from college. I forget what we were arguing about, but it got really ugly and we wrestled in the mud so my clothes were ruined.<br />I ended up running away from him because of the lightning and when I reached my house, sopping wet with my boots making a squishing noise, I opened the door to the kitchen and this movie was playing.
B00003CXDD|5.0|I first discovered the film Willow when I was around the age of 12 - but even now, some seven years later, I still find it to be one of the best films ever made. It's direction, casting, story and soundtrack prove to be a wonderful combination of believable but imaginative fantasy that you can escape into whether you're an 8yr old child or a 30yr old critic. It doesn't age nor get tiresome because the characters are so well-written that you care about them enough to follow the entire story through and want more. Val Kilmer's character is not over-played,  corny one-liners and perfect special FX don't cloud the viewer and James Horner's atmospheric mood music yet again doesn't fail to incorporate the necessary emotion to make this film one of the best.<br />It's simply a movie you can escape into from the disappointing norms of ordinary life. Why aren't there more films like this?!
B00003CXE7|5.0|This is one of the best movies you will see in a very long time. This movie has it all. It features great; action, adventure, drama, and a great plot. If you have not seen this, or do not even own it, I strongly recomnend that you purchase this movie!
B00005B4GU|2.0|I bought this CD and listened to it several times but just couldn't get into it. It's just a bunch of noise! It sounds like Radiohead set out with the express intention of making the worst record they could.  I think they just may have succeeded.<br />I guess it does push the boundaries of listenable music, and I give Radiohead credit for that. But this CD is not something I got much pleasure out of listening to. In fact, it gave me a headache.<br />Being experimental is great and all, but I feel like Radiohead is being experiemental just for the sake of being experimental. This was refreshing with their Kid A album, but grows old and dull so very quickly.
B00005LB9O|5.0|Sing.  Fran Healy and Travis do that.  Not many people do these days.  Now, I'm a 20 year-old college student from Pittsburgh, PA, so what do I know about British music?  I know it's better than anything on the radio in the United States.  Travis is by far my favorite.  What can I say about them.  &quot;The Man Who&quot; and now &quot;The Invisible Band&quot; both sound so beautiful; so natural.  They are easy albums to listen to, the lyrics are playful, but insightful, the melodies are familiar but completely original.  The addition of banjo to the &quot;Invisible&quot; album is a gorgeous touch.  The songs bounce with a sort of McCartney feel to them.  &quot;Flowers in the Window&quot; and &quot;Side&quot; must be my favorites, down-beat bass and drums make them infectiously bouncy.  &quot;Follow the Light&quot; feels like a glorious tribute to 70's popular music.  I must also congratulate Travis on their design.  The photography for &quot;The Man Who&quot; and all of it's singles, as well as &quot;Invisible&quot; and the first single, &quot;Sing, &quot; is outstanding.  The uniform typography on all of the band's releases makes for quite an eye-catching collection.  And please-don't forget to track down every B-Side.  There's a whole other album out there if you take the time to piece it together!  Fantasic!
6304698526|5.0|This is a classic action film in every sense. McQueen is at his best as tough guy cop Bullitt. The bad guys are great, too, though you sometimes aren't sure where Bullitt fits in. The movie is probably most-remembered for its infamous chase scene up and down the streets of San Francisco. They didn't make many movies like this and they certainly don't make them like this anymore. Highly recommended.
B000002J09|5.0|Led Zeppelin's ouput prior to this outing was nothing short of first rate. In fact they practically invented the English metal scene. But this release finally put them over the top. Almost every cut bears the mark of greatness. The best cut of course, Stairway to Heaven has suffered from massive radio overplay. This is too bad; because what other song can you think of that builds to a climax like this one. With Robert Plant's emotional vocals and Jimmy Page's wonderful guitar work, it really does stand alone. Battle of Evermore with it's celtic, medieval feel to, still sends chills through me. Black Dog is one of the best hard rock songs ever made and still is a classic. Zep would never gain these heights again. I never get tired of listening to this album except for that one song......
6303920713|5.0|this story taught lessons. tons of them. my favorite part of the movie had to be the soundtrack though.
0807126063|5.0|This book had me laughing out loud throughout.<br />Ignatius' way of speaking, his mannerisms, his &quot;valve&quot;; it was all just brilliantly funny.<br />What a shame that Toole has only two published works.  What a great body of work we have been deprived of...<br />I highly recommend this book!
B00003CXRP|5.0|it was so good. i loved it. it had a great story. it was awesome. its my favorite.
B0000009S3|5.0|This is a great work of music. I must say however that the remixed CD is a different great work of music than the original vinyl album, and after numerous listenings to both, I prefer the original version. The remixed CD lowers the sound of certain instruments and parts of the original music to inaudible levels at key points, so that it is quite jarring to one who is used to the original. Sometimes the remix opens up the sound to new, interesting textures, but sometimes the remix removes the power of the original. What an odd situation. There should be a CD version of the original vinyl album mix too.
B00003CXRP|5.0|it was so good. i loved it. it had a great story. it was awesome. its my favorite.
6300213749|4.0|Even Now, Decades after it's Theatrical Release, \\"48 Hours\\" is Almost (see below) as Fresh as Ever. Like \\"Reservoir Dogs\\", \\"48 Hours\\" had Many Imitators, but None of them reached the Intensity, the Realism or the Laugh Level of this True Original.<br />Eddie Murphy plays it Quite Dramatically (but, of course, he's Still Hilarious) as Reggie Hammond, a Convict with a 2-day Leave pass thanks to Detective Jack Cates (Nick Nolte, playing the role that led him to Gravel-voiced Greatness), who needs Reggie to help him track down two Chain-gang Escapees who used to be part of Reggie's Crew. It's a Simple story, and a Tired Formula. Two Men, one White, one Black, from Opposite sides of the law, forced by Circumstance to Team Up. From \\"Bullet proof\\" to \\"Fled\\", from \\"Hard Rain\\" to \\"The Negotiator\\", many films have been down this road, but Rarely have they done it so Originally, so Comically, so Violently or so Realistically. \\"48 Hours\\" doesn't Shy Away from the Race issue either, which is a Brave thing. In the End though, I gave it a 4 instead of a 5 as it does have a few Slow points and it is Starting to look a little Dated the more I watch it. Nolte's Outfits look like the stuff Bogart used to wear.<br />Walter Hill's Directing style was still in the Growing phase, but it is that Unassured-ness that brought out the Best in him, he has since Lost the Originality on display here. Eddie Murphy's debut was a Street-smart one, he looks the part, he walks the walk, talks the talk and he proves himself a Natural-Born Talent. It is His film and Nolte seems Quite Happy to be the Co-star. Like I said above, \\"48 Hours\\" is Starting to look a little Dated with Every Passing year, but it's Surprising that it's held up This long. It Still holds the title of \\"Best Buddy Movie\\" in many people's eyes, it may not in Mine, but it Is up there.
0380002930|5.0|Watership Down by Richard Adams is a fascinating and complex book.  It is full of hidden messages about society and how we live our lives.  Being told from the prospective of rabbits softens the hard lessons and dramatic images of society.  This book is a philosophical book that reads like a story.  The distinct characters that are developed give this profound piece of writing the edge of a fantasy.  You feel as if you are there, living through the eyes of Hazel, the lead rabbit.  You see the different warrens, and you see the rabbits of each different community.  As you read on, you are drawn into the lives of these rabbits as they search for a new burrow because their old one was destroyed by humans.  You encounter many different ways of life, and you feel the tension of every dramatic encounter.  You learn about different religions, governments, economies, education, and family.  Each society of rabbits that you meet in this book is very different, each one mimicking different nations.        Even with the great story the best part of the book comes when you finely start picking up on the fact that this book can be directly related to how we live our lives.  This book will fast find its way to your heart, and the wonderful characters will make it stay.  This book is best if you have a fascination with culture.  However, you can enjoy it even if you couldn't care less about how society works. <br />Zap 14 years old
B00005J6UP|5.0|Mikey and Brand, Data and Mouth, Andy and Stef, and last but not least, Chunk. Who could Possibly forget the Adventures of \\"The Goonies?\\" A Film that shaped Many a Childhood, including mine, and Still holds the title of the Best Kid's Adventure film Ever.<br />The amount of Big name Talent behind the scenes is Phenomenal. Richard Donner is in the Directors Chair; Steven Spielberg came up with the Story and Produced it while Chris Columbus wrote the Screenplay. Rarely is a film in Such Good Hands.<br />My Favourite Scenes are Too Numerous to List, but I Will Anyway. Firstly we have the Spectacular opening Prison Escape and Car Chase, then the \\"Truffle Shuffle\\" scene (I Think that's how you Pronounce it), Mouth showing Rosalita around the house, the gang escaping from Brand (Data: \\"Hey Brand, how far can you stretch that?), Mouth causing Chunk to open the door of the Restaurant, the gangs first \\"Sloth\\" encounter (Chunk: \\"Sounds like Kong\\"), the Fertelli's picking up Chunk (Chunk: \\"In Third grade I cheated on my History exam, In Forth grade...\\"). All that takes place in the films first half, for those who haven't seen it... I'm Telling you, you Don't know what your Missing Out on. <br />Many Childhood favourites lose their Shine as one grows Older, but my Love for \\"The Goonies\\" just gets Stronger and Stronger as the years go by. This DVD release is sure to Secure Many More fans, Win back some Older Fans and Give something New to us Lifelong fans, such as Deleted Scenes and a Directors Commentary.
0345441184|5.0|I loved this book!  I wouldn't recommend it to anyone under the age of fifteen because of some mature content, but other than that, I would recommend it to anyone (especially to women).  It is written as a story, not a collection of histories or legends.  It's a great story, and enjoyable to read even in spite of its length!
B00003CXDG|5.0|Why do I Love MI: 2 so much, Let me Count the Reasons. (One one thousand, Two one thousand... That's a Roger Rabbit joke in case you were wondering) Is it because it was Filmed in Sydney, Australia, were I Live... No, that ain't it. Is it because I'm not a Cry-baby Film Critic Wannabe like the people who bash this film... Maybe. Or is it because this film features some of the Greatest Action Sequences of All Time, Top-Notch Directing, Awesome Performances, a Cool Soundtrack, Spectacular Scenery, Breathtaking Stunts, a Cool-as-Ice Bad guy, his Equally Cool henchman (the Wonderfully Versatile Aussie Richard Roxburgh), a Tough-as-Nails Good Guy and a Sexy-as-Sin Leading Lady resulting in one of the Greatest Sequels Ever Produced by Hollywood... Yes, That is the Reason.
630281474X|5.0|The only draw back in this wonderful film is that Anchor Bay didn't release it in the widescreen format. This movie strays a bit from the novel in that Jonathan Harker is going to Dracula's  castle under false pretenses. Nothing new there but it's Harker lying to Dracula. Dracula (Christopher Lee in his first run at the Count) has run an advertisement for a librarian to which Harker replies, only because Harker knows that Dracula is the undead. He plans to put an end to the terror created by the nosferatu, by jamming a stake in his heart, only Dracula becomes a real pain in the neck. In comes Van Helsing (played wonderfully and cooly by Peter Cushing) Everything keeps a faint attachment to the novel after that. Mina and Lucy roles are reversed, you know minor stuff like that. The whole film is beautifully shot, well acted, (look for a very young Michael Gough, He plays Alfred in the Batman films)and expertly timed. The ending is intense and abrupt. The only thing that Bela had over Lee is that stupid accent. Lee's performance in this film created a slew of sequels and other Dracula roles not associated with Hammer. This film however will always be my Friday night favorite.
0767853946|4.0|Featuring Martin Lawrence, Will Smith and Tea Leoni, David (X-FILES) Duchovony's spouse, BAD BOYS manages somehow to be equal parts parody and tribute to MIAMI VICE, the 80's NBC &quot;MTV cops&quot; show. In some ways it goes its TV counterpart even better: Leoni is a much stronger female character than Gina and Trudy, VICE's lady cops, ever were allowed to be; and the two cops are both African-American (a rarity in what Spike Lee rightly called the racist &quot;Hollywood Plantation&quot;). There's even a reference to VICE: the surname of Lawrence's characther is Burnett, which was Sonny Crockett's undercover alias. However, there are some differences: you don't see the uber-modern drug-lord's houses and apartments you saw on VICE---intstead it focuses on South Beach with its Art Deco buildings and the hideout of the villians is in a burnt out hangar. All in all, an interesting 90's update of VICE.
B00003W8NM|5.0|With Fight Club, David Fincher was able to put on screen what is probably the most powerful and hypnotic social satire of the 90s.   In the recent years I have often found myself complaining about the level of Hollywood's productions: I feel there's too much dumbed-down, thought-killing stuff around today. Fight Club is a noteworthy exception to this. There's no hero and there's no villain; despite the deep, layered psychological and social analysis, there's no clear message that the viewer can't help but agreeing with. As a matter of fact, this movie asks the viewer to think. Capitalism gives us comforts, but it destroys the environment and, when pushed to the wildest level, is source of alienation or power abuse. Revolution sets us free, but revolution can go too far and can lead to power abuse as well. The sincerity of the movie is in this; you won't find any message that will tell you this is evil and this is good: you have to decide by yourself where the boundaries have to be set.     Fight Club is not about starting underground boxing matches or cults, and it certainly is not a movie that glorifies violence. I can't stress that enough.     Shockingly bizarre at a first look, Fight Club pulls plot twists that every time make you think about previous statements in a totally different light and, like some masterpieces from the past, in the end the whole movie can be analyzed both on a social and a psychological layer that mix together entirely. Brad Pitt gives a somewhat surprisingly excellent performance, and Edward Norton is absolutely fantastic, proving again he's probably the best young American actor today. More, Fight Club throws in some new ideas and concepts, like an inventive use of special effects, and a bizarre timeline (that will be later used at its full extension in the recent Memento).     On top of all that, add that the DVD is easily one of the best you can find around today, full of commentary and extras. Don't miss it.
B00005BJ2O|5.0|This is the best film I've seen in years, and true to his spirit, Baz Luhrman inspires us at home with the soundtrack. Having owned his &quot;Something for Everybody&quot; for years, I still find myself listening to it frequently. This CD will be much like that. It's the perfect thing to listen to when your mind starts wandering back to the film. Nicole Kidman's voice is a pleasant surprise, and Baz Luhrman's arrangements are perfect. The one thing I was hoping for is more of the music directly from the film. Still, the Elephant Love Medley is enough to keep me entertained until the next installment of the music comes out, or until I can get my hands on the DVD.
0385493622|5.0|Although I am perhaps more mathematically knowledgeable than the reader Singh had in mind, I couldn't put the book down. Singh admittedly goes rather far afield in his search of interesting stories on mathematicians, and you could possibly argue with his choices (for example - why doesn't he talk about Riemann whose manifolds figure so prominently in the story but aren't mentioned in the book?) but is thoroughly entertaining throughout. I would have appreciated a bit more mathematical detail, but that is available in other books. Singh's achievement is to convey to non-mathematicians some of the &quot;feeling&quot; of what mathematics is all about, and why the Wiles proof caused such a stir.
B00005BCPC|4.0|I have yet to read the book this movie is based on, so without that to compare the movie too, all I can say is that I enjoyed the movie for what it was... an appealing portrayal of the snotty upper class lording their wealth and privileges over the lower class even while opening their home too them.  I enjoyed this movie because it did not hide the ugliness of class prejudice and it had the courage to show that love can win in the end.  Very charming movie with much talent and beautiful scenery.  Worth watching more than once.
B000059T5O|5.0|What an astonishing breakthrough -- stunning urban grit in Tom Waits' lyrics filtered through 35 years of blues roots in John Hammond's vocals.  This disk carries the best of both traditions.  Some of Wait's toughest poetry is pulled into service, the dazzle of a diamond's facets flashing through the shifting colors of the delta; Chicago's legacy on a Hammond B-3 organ and the relaxed reflections and rhythm of the river pulling a load into the Big Easy.<br /><br />Audible echos of Howlin' Wolf roll across the opening \\"2:19\\" -- \\"I lost everything I had in the '29 flood. The barn was buried 'neath a mile of mud.  Now I'm down to nothing but the whistle and the steam.  My baby's leavin' town on the 2:19.\\"  The lady does return with a troubling \\"hat full of feathers and a wicked grin.\\"<br /><br />Throughout the disk Hammond's complex guitar work is set off against Augie Meyer's keyboards, with smart harmonica riffs by Charlie Musselwhite and continually surprising percussion edges by Stephen Hodges.  Tom Wait's production emphasizes the same subtleties in harmony and texture that characterize his writing.  You can't help listening closely, again and again.<br /><br />The wary power and intelligence in Hammond's vocals are a terrific match to the uncommon task of resolving these dark stories that include observations like the following: \\"'Cause there's nothing strange about an axe with blood stains in the barn.  There's always some kind of killin' you got to do around a farm\\"; or the Shore Leave swirl that takes us through a night that starts with \\"a big fat paycheck strapped to my hip\\", moves past \\"a new deck of cards with girlies on the back . . . pacin' myself, tryin' to make it all last.  Squeezin' all the life outa' this lousy two day pass\\" and reassures us that \\"I sat down and wrote this letter to my wife. I said, 'Baby, I'm so far away from home.'\\"  Honey, you'll never guess how far.
B00005B4GU|5.0|Anyone who is a big Radiohead fan or who has been a fan for sometime knows them by their anthemic The Bends and OK Computer songs - defining rock of the nineties to be sure. Radiohead has had five albums:<br />1) Pablo Honey (a rather grungey rock debut) 2) The Bends (an amazing, guitar driven album that propelled them into mainstream) 3) OK Computer (a critically acclaimed follow-up that was oft hailed the best album of the nineties) 4) Kid A (an almost completely electronic album that was met with mixed reviews) 5) Amnesiac (the most recent album, this follow-up to Kid A was recorded at the same time and has a similar tone).<br />          It is no secret that Amnesiac, like Kid A, followed a different path and was, overall, a different album. Not only is it dissimilar from Radiohead's previous works, it is different from what is constantly considered mainstream, but a line must be drawn. This album is not &quot;out there.&quot; Only one song on this album is &quot;out there,&quot; and that is &quot;Pulk/Pull Revolving Doors&quot; (which also happens to be the only weak track on the album). Guitars, while still used, are used sparingly on Amnesiac. The music is made with computers and other instruments, but if you are not afraid of liking the music because it is not traditional, then you WILL like it. There are many people that discriminate genres and refuse to accept certain kinds of music because it is not what they would normally consider a kind of music they enjoy. This, however, is still rock (I am not talking hard rock, or metal or anything - just regular rock n roll, in its evolution), and it is still MUSIC. In fact, forget genres for a moment. Forget all the reviews that hail Kid A and Amnesiac &quot;different.&quot; This is still music and this music evokes pleasure. If it pleases you, buy it. This album is no worse than OK Computer or The Bends.
B000004286|5.0|This CD is the best soundtrack I have ever heard.  It's even better than John Williams.  I loved it.
B000005HN6|5.0|First of all, THIS IS NOT BLACK METAL PEOPLE!! The guitars are not black metal, the subject matter is not black metal, I suppose you could consider it gothic at most. As a matter of fact, this is hardly metal. This is neo-classical composition, and it is far too rich to be called \\"just metal\\". Not that I'm not a fan of bands like Morbid Angel and Death because I am and I really respect their music. What sets Opeth apart from death metals acts like Morbid Angel and Death (very progressive though they may be) is that their albums, or their early albums at least are not brutally harsh, and they focus 100% of the content on melody and harmony. I'm the first one to agree that Eric Rutan's solo on \\"God of the Forsaken\\" (Morbid Angel, Gateways to Annihilation)) is extremely beautiful and melodic. On the other hand, every second of Orchid is melodic and beautiful, as opposed to just 30 some odd seconds of it. I've come to the conclusion that the level of richness and intensity of this recording is on the same level, if not beyond in some ways, that of the classical composers. After all, it's rather arrogant to say that our modern musicians and composers are not up to par with those of the past. Anyway, with all of that ranting and raving aside, Orchid as well as Morningrise are two breath taking and moving albums. The material here is truely of a different breed. What's interesting about these early Opeth albums, and their recent albums for that matter, is that there are few real \\"guitar solos\\", much in the way that classical composition was not based so much on \\"solos\\" as it was on the overall effect of the composition. There is, however, a constant harmonic interplay between each of the tonal instruments. What really tempts people to classify this as Death Metal, or Black Metal is the atonal aspect of the music. It's a fact, the majority of the vocals on this album, and on Morningrise, are of a variety that could be considered to be either Death Metal vocals or Black Metal vocals, or a derivative of the two. This alone does not make Opeth a Death Metal band, or a Black Metal band, or even a metal band for that matter. The atonal vocals are used to great effect. Interestingly, these are truely my favorite death vocals, very resonant (I really like that)...and from a band that isn't really even a death band. The real treat though is clearly the excelent clean vocals. Warm and folkie, they emphasize the warm (and very un-death-metal) feel of the album. I suppose that the lyrics could be construed, by some stretch of the imagination, as being somewhat along the lines of some Black Metal lyrics. Even still, Opeth's lyrics are much too abstract, and poetic to be lumped in with those of bands like Cradle of Filth and Dimmu Borgir. Anyway, I'm not too terribly concerned with lyrics...I'm not a poet, I'm a musician. As far as comparison to Morningrise, Orchid is much more accessible and instantly pleasing. On the other hand, I've found that Morningrise is properly developed to a greater degree than Orchid, although it is a bit more challenging to listen to initially. Morningrise is very cozy, where as Orchid is a bit cooler and crisper, although still warm and comforting. Both albums have a sense of distinct creativity. On Morningrise, I really like how short lyrical phrases were delivered in death vocals, and then immediately repeated in clean vocals... AWESOME!! Nothing shocked me more on Orchid than the combination of double-pedal bass drum with accoustic guitar...quite a shock the first time you hear it. One thing that I found interesting about these compositions is their production. Both guitars are pan-ed completely dead left and dead right respectively. E.G., if you are listening with only one speaker in stereo, you will not hear the other guitar at all (that's how I discovered that one of the speakers on my grandfather's stereo was broken, lol). Anyway, this relates to the composition in that one guitar seems to take on a dominant melodic role, where as the other guitar seems to play a supportive harmonic role. Often times though, the two guitars seem to switch roles in the middle of a melodic phase. For example, at one moment, the melody seems to be carried by the RIGHT guitar, and the next moment, the melody is in the LEFT guitar. A MIND BLOWING MUSICAL EXPERIENCE, if you can't imagine what I'm trying to describe. In conclusion, this is a very intense album (as is Morningrise, and I reallize that it's unnecesary to mention that album again). Don't misinterpret what I'm saying. This is rather heavy music, but not in such an overbearing way, as most metal tends to be. I honestly and whole-heartedly have a strong love for this band and for their work. I feel that they are clearly on a different level than the majority of modern artists. I strongly recommend this album to anyone who has an adventurous musical heart, and I feel that Orchid is the best introduction to Opeth. I guarantee that you'll love this album if you're a lover of music, and I also guarantee that you'll shortly become addicted and need Morningrise in your collection as well. I also recommend this to listeners who are not fans of heavy metal. This is just too good to pass up...
B00005BJ2O|4.0|Okay, there was so  much that they could have done with this, yet so many great songs are absent, like the remixed, intercut, Smells like teen spirit and Lady marmalad, and the sound of music (freedom, beauty, truth and LOVE) Baz, pop out another one, and you will make as much, or more, money... and the fans will buy it too.
B000007T1M|5.0|All you metal heads out there need to buy this if you already havent.  These guys dont get enough credit for musical talent.  It has some sorta funny songs and the way that the lead singer(serj) does some of the stuff is amazing.  This is a crazy album and you have to buy it.!!!
B000001IQH|5.0|First of all may I say - Matt Freeman's fingers are mine when he dies.  That man is a god.  But back to the album.  Right from the start you like the album all the way through.  A favourite of mine was the &quot;Roots Radicals&quot;.  This album, in general, is seen as something like the forth or fifth greatest punk album of all time.  That was public opinion.  Not as many people listen to Rancid as they do say, &quot;Nevermind The Bollocks&quot; so what does that say about the thrill of this set of glorious tracks.
B000002UB3|5.0|It's hard to fanthom that there is anyone out there reading a review of Abbey Road that has never heard it.  Well, maybe not so hard to believe, since I just heard it 3 months ago.  Yes, I admit it, I'm a very new Beatles fan, and I consider myself very much &quot;in the know&quot; in regards to music.  Man, I didn't know anything until I found this album...<br />Quite simply, this the masterpiece of possibly the greatest rock band in history.  Thirty years later, Abbey Road sounds fresh.  It has everything!  Weird (Come Together), Romantic (Something), Campy &amp; Fun (Maxwell's Silver Hammer), Bluesey (Oh Darlin &amp; She's so Heavy), Harmonic (Because), Child-like (Octopus's Garden), and complex (You Never Give Me Your Money).  Plus, it has the most memorable 4 minutes in musical history... the Mean Mr. Mustard/Polythene Pam/She Came in Through the Bathroom Window combo.  Something that Paul put together with some unfinished songs... proof of his musical genius.  There is no good reason for any music lover not to own this album.  Just buy it already... geesh.
B00004X0Q0|4.0|Passion, yes.  And plenty of it.  These guys certainly know an angry time when they see one.  OK, I'll admit, the lyrics are complete bollocks.  No meaning whatsoever.  Apart from that, probably one of the best buys I have ever found in a CD.
B000000WI4|5.0|When one of the most revered blues guitarists asks for help on his album, there is no shortage of great talent to show up. The likes of Santana, Ry Cooder, Albert Collins, Johnny Winter, John Hammond, and Robert Cray (to name just a few) come out in support of \\"Mr. Lucky\\", the follow up guest album to \\"The Healing\\". But, John Lee Hooker doesn't need all of this talent to put out a great blues album. <br />Robert Cray shows up on the title cut of this album providing some great leads to Hooker's rhythm. A tune that makes Hooker \\"... feel a little better\\". Albert Collins steps in for \\"Backstabbers\\" providing a powerful presence that only he was capable of. All you have to hear is one note of Collins to know it's him. \\"I Cover the Waterfront\\" is a haunting tune with Van Morrison taking over the guitar work and Booker T. Jones on organ. Morrison's voice complements the low-boom of Hooker's. Another highlight is Santana's work on \\"Stripped Me Naked\\". <br />Hooker's Delta Blues sound is hypnotizing, and his deep voice is lazy and sweet. There are very few that have shaped the sound of music, especially the blues, as he has. This album, a tribute of sorts, is a must for blues lovers. To hear so much talent gathered in one place playing with a legend like Hooker gives me the chills.
B0000026DJ|5.0|I saw Midnight Oil on tour with this album, and the passion with which they played eminated the dark conviction of their haunted souls. They had a burning message- and you felt it! This album brought them that recognition which they deserved for their socially conscientious voice. It's a must!
B00005K9LM|1.0|It seems that an error during remastering has flipped the lead guitar tracks around.  KK's playing out of the right speaker and Glenn's playing out of the left.  This is exactly the opposite of any of the other Judas Priest albums and also not the way this album was originally released.  Only gets 1 star in my mind until the problem is corrected (which I hope will happen at some point).
B00003CXRP|5.0|how does the academy do that?  ok gladiator was good fun and watchable maybe twice  but what i just saw on my dvd was a masterpiece!  tom hanks only gets better with every film, from big to the green mile and now this! for me this wiped out all the other competition.it was action packed then a great adventure, and finally an emotionally draining good drama!  act 2 was possibly the best segue in many many years!  kudos to a fine director, as usual mr. zemekis thank you sir and of course  tom hanks for beautifully putting me as well as my family through a compelling and convincing array of all emotions  we all loved wilson too! the audio especially the dts-ex was incredible as was the clarity of the film itself-the island, waters, sunsets fairly burst with color  and the 2nd disc is so packed with extras you may be there all day!  get it enjoy it it will be recognized as the classic it is.
B000007443|5.0|The first US release by this super group. Mike Mainieri - vibes, Michael Brecker - tenor sax, Eddie Gomez - bass, Peter Erskine - drums, Elaine Elias - piano. This is great acoustic jazz that has all the raw energy and power of the best electric jazz. Great compositions are topped by the late (and VERY MUCH missed) keyboard giant Don Grolnick's &quot;Pools&quot;. Although I recommend all the Steps albums, I think this particular production is extraordinary in that it doesn't rely on heavy multi-tracking or layers of electronica (which the latter productions use brilliantly by the way). It's a very well recorded session of a hot jazz band playing and improvising on wonderful arrangements of great tunes.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|very inventive &amp; original film. it's the first time i've  a movie in a very long time that i can't compare it to some other film. it's nice to see something unique once in awhile.
B00005LB9O|5.0|I really enjoyed both of the last two albums from Travis (&quot;Good Feeling&quot; and &quot;The Man Who&quot;), so this has been one for my list of most anticipated releases of 2001...<br />... and it really delivers! Building firmly on the musical foundations of &quot;The Man Who&quot;, &quot;The Invisible Band&quot; contains another set of beautiful melodies, soaring vocals and leisurely tunes effortlessly roll out. Kicking off with the excellent first single &quot;Sing&quot; (the video for which is one of my all-time favourites), the album is stuffed with hummable, relaxing tracks. They may have a hard time deciding which ones to release as singles.<br />This is not just &quot;The Man Who, Part II&quot;! While some tracks are definitely in a similar vein, the album has some slightly more urgent and upbeat tunes (&quot;Flowers in the Window&quot;, for instance), and some tracks - including &quot;Sing&quot; - even make amazing use of the banjo!<br />If there's one thing that does surprise, it's that the earlier UK single &quot;Coming Around&quot; wasn't sneaked onto the track listing. It's a real shame. On the other hand, the tracks here stand perfectly well as a collection without it.<br />If Travis' brand of guitar-driven music appeals to you as much as it does to me, you need to own &quot;The Invisible Band&quot;!
0385333846|5.0|My only complaint about this book is that it wasn't longer.  I so enjoyed every page of this.  The language and humor were wonderful, and I credit Vonnegut to no end for imparting both horror and bemusement simultaneously.<br />This is one of the great war stories of the century and should not be overlooked.
6302491940|4.0|Saw it many years ago on late-night TV. Still love to see it. Hilarious. Worth the watch, try it on.
B000007MVD|4.0|This is apparently a new CD version of a radio show done years ago called &quot;The Beatles at the Beeb.&quot;  In the Beatles early days, before they made it to America, they had a  weekly show on the BBC, on which they played live in the studio.  The first half of the collection is the best, because it's songs we haven't heard before.  A lot of rock-n-roll classics from Elvis, Buddy Holly, Eddie Cochran, Little Richard, etc.  The second half is their own songs we heard on their first few albums.  But if you've ever  wondered what the Beatles sounded like in Hamburg and at the Cavern Club, this is it.  Most of the songs they did a very good job on, though a few are a bit rough.  I rated it a 4 as much for its historical value as for its musical value.  All big Beatles fans should add this to their collection.<br />    -Mike Blagg
6303213650|5.0|This movie rocks.  The reason this movie is so good is because of the screenplay.  It's kind of obvious what the Coens were going for in this movie. They were trying to create an old style screwball comedy. They achived this with flying colors.  The dialouge is classic--you would almost think Robert Riskin (writer of Frank Capra's It Happened One Night) rose from the dead and helped the write the script.  The way this movie is planned out is ingenious.  It's not the same old boring camera follows the people and it just happens.  For example, two cabbies sitting across from  Amy Archer and Norville Barnes are telling this scene between them as it goes along.  This gives the film a very kenetic feeling, not a static feel like practically all other films have.  The Coens used the movie camera and the medium of film to it's fullest extent, like Orson Welles did in 'Citizen Kane'.  Not only is this movie the Coens' crowning achievement in script writting and filmmaking, it's funny!  The Coens' experiment with physical comedy as well as verbal.  The costumes, set design, and art direction of this picture are picture-perfect.  You feel as if it's 1958 all over again.  The cinematography of this film is exceptionally marvelous.  Sweeping camera actions and dramatic lighting   move the film along with it's plot.  My favorite element about the film is the dialouge and the old time way that people used to talk.  The Coens' captured this in a way that no other  new film has ever captured.  This movie is one of the best new films I have ever seen and it's good for all ages and will live forever like the screwball classics.  If you do something in the style of the classics well, then it will be a classic, too! Any fans of classic movies and comedies will love this film. This film is so phenomenal, you got to see it to believe it!
B00003CXN3|4.0|This movie interweaves 3 different stories about the war on drugs.  The first one concerns a newly-appointed drug czar in Washington D.C. (Michael Douglas) whose own daughter is a victim of drugs.  It shows the two sides of his life, the official one and the personal one in which he watches his daughter slide into a hopeless addiction.  The second story concerns a Mexican policeman who tries to do is job but who is caught in a web of deceit by law enforcement officers who are on the take from the cartel.  The third story concerns a wealthy businessman who is arrested on drug charges while his wife is totally oblivious to the real source of their wealth.  She seems helpless at first, but her survival instinct causes her to learn quickly about how to deal with the world of drugs.  Different-colored filters are used liberally to depict the different stories and subtitles are used during the portions shot in Mexico.  At times this is a bit distracting, but all in all, the film makers have done a good job in depicting this most serious of social ills in America.
B00005BJ2O|4.0|I loved Moulin Rouge.  The movie was a cinematic masterpiece as far as I'm concerned.  I loved every moment and every song -- which is why I must admit to being somewhat disappointed with the CD.  There were so many wonderful music moments left off of this recording, not to mention that this isn't truly the soundtrack to the movie since the artists on here in several cases never actually sing in the movie (the extremely popular version of Lady Marmalade doesn't appear in the movie at all).  Although I liked the song, how did the producers of this CD justify Bono's &quot;Children of the Revolution&quot; which appears for literally 10 seconds and then leave off &quot;The Sound of Music,&quot; &quot;The CanCan,&quot; &quot;Like a Virgin,&quot; and &quot;The Show Must Go On&quot; -- all significant moments in the movie.  What IS on this CD, though, is great.  &quot;I'll Fly Away,&quot; &quot;The Elephant Love Medley,&quot; &quot;Come What May&quot; and &quot;Your Song&quot; are especially beautiful.  A Moulin Rouge Vol. 2 is a necessity.  It's a shame they couldn't get it right the first time around.
B00005B4GU|3.0|It seems that most reviews about Radiohead are written either by individuals who feel it their personal duty to either demolish the Radiohead &quot;myth&quot; or defend it with blind ferocity from such  attacks. In a sense this itself proves their greatness, simply by their innate ability to provoke such strong emotion. So let me say right off that I am a HUGE Radiohead fan, and this CD, flawed though it may be, is still better than most stuff out there. However, it sounds too much like leftovers (which it is). I have no qualms with experimentation (I truly love &quot;Kid A&quot;, and it IS one of the first CD's I put in the player-see below) but it must have two things to be successful:1) some continuity throughout the album to give it some sort of meaning 2) It must still be enjoyable to listen to (yes it IS possible). On &quot;Amnesiac&quot; Radiohead fail completely on the first point and often forget the second. True, a couple of the odder songs on the album are quite good; unfortuantly there are just as many songs that are, sadly, quite unlistenable. You just sit there waiting for something magical to happen, but it never does. The sad thing about this album is that (at least for fans) it really DOES have some great songs on it (&quot;Packt like...&quot;, &quot;Knives Out&quot;, &quot;Life in a Glasshouse&quot;, &quot;You and whose army?&quot;), but they all sound like they would fit in better on different albums; maybe even an album that doesn't exist, with &quot;Big Boots&quot; and &quot;Big Ideas&quot; (oh well... in a perfect world...). Thom seems to have developed an aversion to actually singing (there is only one song with truly unaltered vocals), which is quite disappointing because he has the best, most distinctive voice in rock music today. Consequently, what you're left with is a collection of songs that would have otherwise been &quot;the weird one&quot; on other albums. However, this album is still worth buying. To sum it up as simply as I can:If you're not a Radiohead fan, you still won't be after this album. If you ARE a Radiohead fan, you still will be after this album. My advice? Make a mix CD with the best songs from this album spliced into &quot;Kid A&quot;, &quot;The Bends&quot; and &quot;OK Computer&quot;--it's the only way to see what could have been.
B00005ATQM|5.0|The Metallica &quot;Black Album&quot; has always been a classic, but for those that think they know it well, think again. The DVD Audio brings out details that you never knew were in there, layers of sound that cassettes and CDs for the most part were incapable of playing. If you have a DVD with a good sound system, or a DVD-ROM and good sound-card and 3 piece or better speakers (or excellent headphones), it would be well worth the money to add this to your collection.
B000001FTJ|3.0|There is one constant in the last 3 decades of Tom Waits' career: he has peddled his astounding wares outside the mainstream of popular music.  His style, however, has not been constant, but evolved from an anachronistic, lounge lizard, hobo promoter of the down-and-out dreamer (i.e. the perfection of \\"Small Change\\") to what he is today (i.e. the perfection of \\"Mule Variations\\").  Now, in between the two lies the transition, which can be compared to the awkward stage of adolescence.  Ok, you can see where I'm going with this:  \\"Swordfishtrombones\\" is the gangly, unsure, disproportionate, pimply, 13-year-old with braces phase of his catalog.  It's hipper and more experimental than what came before it, yet it is still finding its footing compared to what came after.  In \\"Swordfishtrombones\\" there is much to love, and there is much you will tire quickly of.  Some of the songs that are throwbacks to his previous style seem forced, uninspired, and brief and the three instrumentals are pure throw-aways.  But in defense of the CD, there is still beauty and strangeness among the songs and it is an interesting documentation of how he got from \\"Point A\\" to \\"Point B\\" in his musical journey.
B000002BUY|5.0|Incubus' first LP, S.C.I.E.N.C.E., is a perfect debut for a band that blends smooth rhythms and earth-shattering guitars in a fun yet eclectic mess of music.<br />One interesting quality to S.C.I.E.N.C.E. is that throughout the CD, you can hear a band trying to find a voice and one common sound. The guitar playing of Mike Eizinger delves anywhere from breakneck punk speeds to smooth jazzy vibes, as he churns out the distortion through &quot;Idiot Box&quot; while shows his class in songs like &quot;Anti-Gravity Love Song&quot; and &quot;Deep Inside&quot;. Brandon Boyd also is searching for the happy medium between singing and screaming, while Dirk Lance's affection for speed bass and Pasillas' cymbal riding dominate the rhythm section. Each member of the band seems to want to dominate the mix, yet can't fully work together on it.<br />However large of a problem this could be to the band and it's cd, the songs are still fantastic. You can hear how their smash LP, Make Yourself, was formed from these sessions: a compromise of hard riffs and tight rhythm passages, each instrument carrying it's own voice and excellent singing. From the head pounding guitar of &quot;New Skin&quot; to the lazy, funky groove of &quot;Deep Inside&quot;, the cd captures all the aspects of the band before they actually figured it all out. The quality of each song is what makes S.C.I.E.N.C.E. a triumphant debut of a band into the major market, a timeless gem.
B00003CXRP|4.0|I really appreciate being treated like an intelligent being by movie makers.  Every step of the way in this film there were points at which the film could have followed the predictable &quot;Hollywood formula movie&quot; path and at each point it didn't.  The soccer ball, Wilson, isn't used as a cheap device to elicit monologue from Tom Hanks, there are no contrived comedy sequences (just a few understated scenes of relief such as when he succeeds in starting a fire), and he doesn't go back and get the girl and live happily ever after.  Movie highlights for me were: the plane crash scene is among the most exciting ever filmed, Tom Hanks'dramatic weight loss after he's been on the island for a few years adds realism, and the pace of the movie (even though it is long I didn't want it to end).  If I have to say anything bad about it, and of course I do because I'm a professional armchair critic, it's this:  this movie crosses the line in endorsing Federal Express.  This is not a mild case of Reeses Pieces and &quot;ET.&quot;  It is a sell-out.  It doesn't ruin the movie for me, I just find it disquieting.
B00005B4GU|4.0|At first, this CD seemed a bit similar to Kid A, but having listened to it a few more times, it's not quite the same.  Sure, all the tracks were recorded at the same time as Kid A, but these songs make up a different package altogether.  I'll give these guys credit for thinking far enough ahead to map out two albums at once rather than one with leftovers.  This is far from leftovers.  Now that I think about it, Kid A and Amnesiac together would have made one hell of a double CD, eh?  One side introducing us to a new sound, the other sending us through this new murky territory.  Sort of like 2 sides of a bizarre new coin from some alien planet.<br />Now that I ponder that, I think they would have done themselves a favor (critically &amp; musically) by either releasing these two albums at the same time, or making them a double cd.  That way they could have avoided this undeserved talk about rehash.  Who knows.  For all I know, they could already be well on their way to writing their next record.  As much as I like Kid A and Amnesiac, I anticipate a new direction.
0385335482|4.0|I have to say for the first few times I opened the book I had to set it down after awhile because I got so stressed.  But I thoroughly enjoyed knowing that I am not the only one out there with this disease and that my case is pretty mild compared to some.  It definitely helped me to further realize the error in my ways.  Yet, I don't have a tall, rich, handsome CEO to help me get over my shopaholism!
B00004YZFR|5.0|I don't have much new to add here, but I will say this documentary is a very important historical document of its time and scene.  I would suggest watching the &quot;Woodstock&quot; documentary first.  After that makes you feel high, lovable, and loved, put this one in; it will bring you back down to earth.  &quot;Gimme Shelter&quot; left me thinking that the hippie bliss realization of Woodstock was confined to just that one single weekend.  Although the music and performances at Woodstock were some of the absolute best ever captured on film, the hippie ideals that filled that festival were nothing but ideals.  And what we saw in Altamont, however, left me thinking that the disaster of Woodstock '99 didn't seem so bad compared to Altamont '69.  <br />&quot;Gimme Shelter&quot; is not at all a concert film, which is okay because that's not even its purpose.  The Stones sounded pretty bad live throughout the film.  They were experimenting with drugs and new equipment (not a good combination).  I wouldn't have minded, however, if the filmmakers had included more footage of a knockout Tina Turner.  And couldn't they have put the camera on Gram Parsons (with The Flying Burrito Brothers) for at least a few seconds!!.  Little did they know how valuable that footage would have been!  But those are just questions, not quibbles.  <br />So as a concert film don't expect much.  But as a document of the end of an era (and its ideals), I can't imagine a better one.  This is a must-see documentary.  Easily one of the best ever.
B00005ATQF|5.0|I don't know where his copy came from but I have the original release and I have the new re-issue.  THEY ARE BOTH 1.33 FULL SCREEN.  This is NOT a Wide Screen transfer.  If he has a widescreen version I'd love to know where he got it from as nobody I've talked to nor have ANY websites made any mention to it.<br />AGAIN...  THIS IS 4:3 format (Pan &amp; Scan).<br />-McHale
B00005B5L4|5.0|I just spent a couple of hours listening to the catchy grooves of Lindsey Buckingham, brooding love songs of Christie McVie and the haunting vocals (including a new song for the album, Silver Strings) of Stevie Nicks on the new DVD Audio format.  My ear focused on the great vocal harmonies, the strong keyboard work of Ms. McVie and the impressive and sometimes delicate bass work that I didn't remember in the previous mix.  This is basically a seamless album of a band which literally caught fire in the late 70's--and for good reason!  I can't remember the last time I spent 2 hours listening to an album over and over, but this album warrants that kind of attention.  Truly a project that proves that the sum is greater than the individual parts, as though each member of the band kept raising the bar for the others, who in turn responded in kind.  Go get this one!!
0792844793|4.0|This film has to be see to be believed! Right off the bat the image of Rossllini in her underwear after being sodmized by Hopper is simply an eye-opener. Lynch plays on this &quot;can't look away&quot;, voyeristic quality through the whole film just when you think the film has run it's course of shock value it grows in terms of plot and depth! The script is very minimal and due to the fact that the flick is a visual treat is understandable. Lynch uses human emotions and instincts to even turn the viewer into a member of Hopper's gang at one point. The plot revolves around the missing family of Rossellini and the length she goes through to save her child. MacLachlan's gives the role of the hero an every man feel; his unsual face and akwardness is heightend by the overall nightmarish quality of the film. No one is hamming it up in this film and that is what makes it work if just one actor were to reinvent a character this film would fail but due to the top notch acting and the break neck plot turns this film is a winner-and the scene at the end is worth the price of the film!
B00005A1PR|5.0|This is a great cd.She deserves the same respect as jill scott and eyrkah badu.Brown skin is a beautiful song, and I hope she releashes it as a single.The songs are from a spritual base and for that reason some people may find it boring,(because it's not like that crap that is played on r&amp;b radio.)but boring it is not.A very uplifting and funky cd that should be checked out!
0790734850|5.0|What a throwback to the golden age of Film Noir! Even though the film is in color the drap texture and cinematography works wonders on the screen and the disc is a great transfer of a great film. The true star of the film is not Crowe though he is great. The raw power he exudes is mesmerizing! Not a great deal was paid attention to the films anti-hero, the guy who's presence makes every scene pop with an understated intelligence. His name is GUY PEARCE! This is his film and he knows it any guy that can take a scene from Crowe has to be good.This film won some Oscars but the one who stand out for a win is Basinger; for an actor who usually does ... her performance is a sleek as her hair! But why was Pearce not a best actor nominee and Crowe they bothe lost that year-and Pearce wasn't even nominated. Buy this film and do yourself a favor.
B00004SCX6|1.0|Well i bought this cd because i thought it was going to be cool. i mean all those people can't be wrong. i liked the first few songs and the others were okay. but the lyrics really don't flow. it sounds like she just through an album together for the sake of having another album under her belt. the songs lyrics may be different but she sings the same in all of her up-tempo songs and all the same in her &quot;slow songs. i was cool with it for awhile because i was a britney fan but now i think shes a little over-done. her voice also sounds so &quot;studio magic&quot; i mean it sounds more like a computer than a person. I just hope she comes together to form a really good third album. i'm not ditching britney but i;m not really gonna support her until she gets something really good out on the market. if you want to enjoy britney and came to your senses and did not buy this cd, may i recommend her first cd: Bay one more time and her book: a mother's gift is really good.
0790729652|4.0|This is one comic book film done right. Many have made the mistakes of taking comics and turnig them into bright shiny happy worlds but Batman stayed true and daark so dark at times you will need to turn the light on just to see what is going on. I loved every minute of this film-even the Prince soundtrack and the vision of Nicholson dancing is a hoot. But when he watns to evoke his &quot;Shinning&quot; side the film moves at such break neck speeds that you almost want to place the disc in slow motion just to cach keaton's and Nicholson's suttle exchanges of dialogue and facial expressions.  Everyone is familiar with this film but watch it again for Burton's tribute to film noir; the bad guys in fidoras and the atmospheric lighting is marvelous! This film almost rates a five but that damn Robert Whul is so damn smug and annoying to watch in this or anything.
B00003CXE6|4.0|Not the deepest movie of all time, but I'm a sucker for movies about Men of Honor perservering against the liers and cheaters of the world. (In my opinion Rob Roy is another, better version of this story.) The action sequences are top-notch and Russell Crowe portrays the quiet strength of a weary veteran quite well. The plot bogs down towards the end, and the final few scenes were a bit too melodramatic for my taste, but that's ok.
0790731002|2.0|Burton did not direct this film instead the flash and dash camera work of Schumacher was used.... Schumacher wanted to shake up Burton's vision and in doing so he overdosed on cod pieces and colors and kilmer is actually good but Kidman is more cold and wooden than an icy. Carrey is the saving grace of the film until his over the top performance gets old and its revealed he has absolutely no material to work with! A really bad film.
B00001U0E1|3.0|Anyone who has been involved with a theatrical production will appreciate this movie. It's fun, entertaining and well directed. It would probably help to be familiar with the works of Shakespeare, and the writers took some pretty huge creative liberties with his life (most notably white-washing over the fact that he was married at the time.) It's not exactly what I'd call Best Picture material, but if you can overlook a few minor flaws you'll enjoy this movie.
0790730960|4.0|Batman Returns (BR) is one of those films that was perfevtly cast. When it first was in theatres I left my sister's graduation to see it! And even though my parents gave me hell when i got home I wasn't disappointed that i skipped out early. The film was amazing DeVito's penguin was genius and i couldn't see anyone else in the roll but it was catwoman who stole the show! The scene of her transformation is amazing and made me jump out of my seat in the theatre. It was my first introduction of a strong female character who was not afraid to use her sexuality to gain power and I loved it. Not only was the action tight but Batman had an equal who was a WOMAN. The action set the tone lovley and was very over the top but this is also the film where Batman became excessive in terms of production the creep factor is there but it is lightened from it's dark original counterpart. The next two films that followed Returns were crap!! And it just show's you how much of a visionary Burton is and with Ashely Judd portaying catwoman all i can say is if I had a pet's graduation to attend and that filmed opened the same day... let's just say my cat and I would have a lovely after ceremony party.
6304806426|1.0|*** LOTS OF SPOILERS ***<br /><br />I'm still not sure why so many people found this movie entertaining. Maybe because they felt they were supposed to. That's not good enough for me.<br /><br />Let me see what we have to work with here: A ... sympathizer whose affair with a married woman results, ultimately, in the death of himself, the woman, AND her poor sap of a husband. Did I miss anyone?<br /><br />Oh yes, I surely did. The cast of completely pointless characters: The man who lost his thumbs thanks to our hero. The Nurse and her Friend, whose relationship have absolutely nothing to do with the plot except to perhaps take up an extra hour and a half of air time.<br /><br />So am I shedding any tears for ANY of these poeple? Hardly. Still, completely useless and/or unsympatheic characters can be forgiven as long as the plot is not pretentious, utterly obvious and heavily relying on cinematography. This was not a deep plot, people. Your basic love triangle with a few beautiful, yet unnecessary people thrown in for eye candy. If a movie is going to waste three hours to develop a plot, it should at least keep us guessing past the first 20 minutes of the story.<br /><br />What a collossal waste of time.
6305132984|5.0|West Side Story is the film that set hearts a flutter and mouths a talking in both a positive and negative way. When the movie was released people were amazed by the vivid colors and striking direction of the film the low camera angles on the dance scenes is just amazing allowing an open freedom to the choreography! The songs are catchy as hell and are easy to remember and are a staple of pop culture, remember those GAP ads last year for the Oscars? But the film to some has a negative side, the negative light shed on immigrants. What is the big deal, the film is about hate and to be hated the opposing sides have to have disugst for each others cultures. But back to the film Natile Wood is on fire here. With this film she shows more range and vitality than any actress that year. And the film was awarded the most Oscars for any movie musical ever! It is fitting that one of the most stunnigly beautiful films ever made is about something that everyone should fear hate. Rita moreno tears down the house in her scenes. The film is just easy to fall into on every level. It is just Romeo and Juliet set to some of the best songs and some of the most amazing direction for a musical ever.
B00004Z459|5.0|This is an amazing cd.  All of the songs are as high quality (if not higher) as &quot;One Step Closer&quot; and &quot;Crawling&quot;.  I reccomend buying this cd if you like a little heavy metal mixed with some dj sounds.  For all of you who think that all cd's have one or two good songs, buy, download, do something to get this cd and listen to Hybrid Theory all the way through.  I garentee that your mind will be changed.
B00002MZ2C|3.0|This is by far the worst of the trio of Rage albums.  The first is the best, as well as being the loudest and angriest.  Evil Empire ventured a tiny step away from the strength of the first album: its political messages.  It still had some bite, but sounded more like gangsta rap than the first album.  This album has gone a little further down the wrong path.  It is often difficult to distinguish the riffs that Morello plays from the weird sounds he makes with his guitar receiver.  This is just plain annoying at times, and often far to trebble heavy.  There are many interesting songs on the album, but this is not Rage's best work.  That said, Rage is still one of the best bands out there, and this album has more quality than anything the likes of Korn will produce.
B00004Z459|5.0|This is an amazing cd.  All of the songs are as high quality (if not higher) as &quot;One Step Closer&quot; and &quot;Crawling&quot;.  I reccomend buying this cd if you like a little heavy metal mixed with some dj sounds.  For all of you who think that all cd's have one or two good songs, buy, download, do something to get this cd and listen to Hybrid Theory all the way through.  I garentee that your mind will be changed.
B00005LB9O|4.0|With &quot;The Invisible Band,&quot; Travis plays it safe by sticking to the tried-and-true sound of their wonderful second alblum, &quot;The Man Who.&quot; But that's by no means a bad thing. There are subtle differences between the two albums -- whereas &quot;The Man Who&quot; was a rather somber and contemplative affair, &quot;The Invisible Band&quot; is slightly more upbeat, due, says the band, to the California sunshine in which it was recorded.  Standout tracks include the album's first single, &quot;Sing,&quot; which features some banjo plucking (don't ask how, but it works) and the lovely &quot;Flowers In The Window.&quot; If you own &quot;The Man Who,&quot; you'll most likely enjoy the new album.  And if you don't, get them both and see what all the well-deserved fuss is about.  Egoless Travis is the real deal.  Here's hoping American audiences will pay attention this go around and recognize a great band on an upward spiral.
B000002BUY|5.0|This is Incubus' best album, and most likely the best album of all time. Incubus, (especially now) usually get misinterpretated: teenyboppers dont like them because they're too heavy/smart, metalheads don't like them because they're not metal enough, the mainstream people don't like them because most mainstream people only worship albums by Beatles or Nirvana. But Kurt \\"a mosquito, my libido\\" Cobain could never write any thing like \\"my open eyes see a somnambulist society/leaving us as vitamins for the human animal/do you/do you/do you see what I mean\\". And the music is just amazing, perhaps some of the best music Incubus was written (although Morning View may have some better music), but one department which SCIENCE excels is lyrics. Incubus have yet to write lyrics better than this. And although DJ Kilmore is a more 'professional' DJ than DJ Lyfe, Lyfe's off the wall scratches and in your face samples make the music flow more freely, more unique, more raw. The amazing bass solo in Redefine, for example. A Certain Shade of Green's DJ-bass laden break in the middle, Favorite Thing's repetitive and convoluted guitar riff (which is amazingly listenable as well), to Deep Inside's plain beautiful, meandering bass. The diversity on this disc is amazing-Favorite Things is almost a straight up alt rock song, while Vitamin mixes fantastic scratches, an amazing drum-djembe interlude, and some of the most intelligent lyrics Boyd has ever written. The ups and downs of Calgone, the fantastic and deliciously funny hidden track, Glass's hypnotic guitar riff and drum beat-I could go on and on. Summer Romance is so funky, groovy, deliciously fun-why can't bands make songs like this? Hoobastank (which are good but damn, why did they have to get popular?) made a song called To Be With You, which came close, but their lead singer doesn't have the lyrical capacity of Boyd. I saw Incubus on TRL today, and it depressed the hell out of me. What is the band who can create a tasty attack onthe monotony of TV culture (Idiot Box) standing next to Britney Spears? Why is she singing to them? It's a shame that Incubus get tossed into the 'alt-radio' ghetto with bands like the horrible Linkin Park and Nickelback, when anyone who listens to SCIENCE can't deny it's brilliance. Do yourself a favor, and buy this now-it'll change your life. And this is the highest recommendation one can give about a work.
B00005B6NC|5.0|Over the years and somewhere along the line, directors thought that &quot;showing it all&quot; to the people in a theater was the way to go....not true!  Pitch Black is one movie for the records...in horror that is. I read the book first and then saw the movie-it does stay quite close to how the book is written(much to my amazement).  Let's face facts-it is a horror movie...so yes, there is some blood, harsh language, and some graphic violence-but most of this is left up to whatever the person wishes to imagine...which for many horror films is a whole new concept! Just the thought of what one of these &quot;lovely&quot; critters do is enough to leave most cringing inside themselves...not to mention wanting to know what comes next-or who is next! Many of the actors are very good at their roles in the movie, and the computer graphics alone is enough reason to not only purchase-but see this movie as well.  Vin Diesel does an outstanding job at convincing you that he is one person that should never be trusted, and then by the end-not only do you end up trusting him~but also cheering him on.
B000059WOD|5.0|first off linkin park is the greatest dand of all time.every song on their cd is awsome.if you like alternitive rock you shoul really buy this cd. each song sounds diffrent unlike other bands all the song on theircd sounds the same.no other band can ever be better than them. in the end, papercut,runaway, my december and by myself are all intence songs.i have never heard any other group like them.their will never be another band that good at alternitive rock. they would have to get 5 sars on what ever they do. their cloths are awsome.that is why i think linkin park is the best band ever.
B000059Z8J|3.0|The movie is extremely frustrating to watch now.  So many great things about it, yet so many wrong.  When it was first released it was the first and only Superman I'd ever seen (I didn't read comic books either) and I thought it was great.  But time, and having watched a completely different take on the legendary comic book figure in the TV series LOIS &amp; CLARK, is not kind to the film.  We get a wonderful vision and vista of Krypton, a lilting and charming interlude in Kansas for the young Clark.  But once we get to Metropolis and Lois it's BOING!  Christopher Reeve does an excellent and charming Superman, but his disguise is Clark Kent (which should be his true personality, since he's been raised as a human), and the comic persona for Clark is either amusing or enough to make you cringe - it is patently ridiculous anyone would be behaving/looking like him.  You really can see why Lois would steamroll right past him.  And you can't see what he sees in her at all.  Perry White and Jimmy are perfect and so is the ease of flying sequences.  But Gene Hackman steals the film with his comic genius villain, Lex Luthor.  This film somehow combines Keystone Cops with Close Encounters, but in fairly smooth transitions.
0345440757|1.0|I, unfortunately, received this book as a gift when my baby was born.  I initially tried taking her advice and was frantic wondering what was wrong with my newborn who was not on a schedule.  I consulted other books (written by American Academy of Pediatricians, Penelope Leach, and breastfeeding books authored by certified lactation specialists) and talked to family.  I was comforted in discovering there is absolutely nothing wrong in a 1-2 week old newborn NOT being on a schedule (it is actually unrealistic).  My son is now 10 weeks old and has settled into his own routine - without my prompting.  Additonally I do have some time for myself - but that is not my main objective.  Avoid this book entirely. Her information on breastfeeding is dangerous.  If you feel that you want a reference book carefully review the author's credentials and trust your instincts.
B000059XUI|3.0|This is one of those movies where the villains are so much fun, when the hero is on the screen the film drags.   The romance between Clark and Lois is begun simply enough, and they are off in their interlude in the North while three villains from Krypton arrive on Earth and join forces with Lex Luthor.  So this film is an easy continuation of events begun in Superman, the first installment.  The problem with the romance of Clark and Lois is she really is in love with the fantasy of Superman, not with Clark Kent, and their relationship is on shaky ground from the moment his powers are made to evaporate upon the consumation of a relationship with a human.  That doesn't make any sense, of course, and neither do other *magical* elements which occur in the film: the kiss of forgetting, or the S on the Superman costume which can be flown off and used as a weapon.  This film is merely more fanciful, yet down and dirty when the Kryptons are investigating their new home (and demolishing the White House as well).  This is one to watch for the villains.
B000002KBU|5.0|A great album when you want to listen to something light. Nice acoustic also piano and singing. Top lyrics and tunes
B00000IH7P|3.0|Supertramp were one of the main perpetrators of 70s Art Rock, but redeemed themselves by killer hooks that compensated for their sometimes twee lyrics. I'm therefore relieved to report that some pleasure can be derived from this collection, if only because of the sublime Dreamer. The lyrics of The Logical Song will make you cringe, while Bloody Well Right is a good example of how a clever hook can make up for silly words. For the surviving fans this is a good buy.
B00005BJ2O|4.0|I thought this was a wacky yet completely appropriate blend of music.  The movie was entirely magical and I plan to see it several more times.  I was very happy to find out that the &quot;sparkling diamond&quot;  can actually sing!  And the love duets are mystifying.  This soundtrack completely deserves five stars, but I am afraid that it is lacking a few key songs that are needed in corespondence with the movie.
B00003CWPL|4.0|One could describe the setting as grim - urban decay at its worst with a strongly interwoven theme of sterile sexuality. The droning soundtrack adds to the mood of claustrophobia. A spineless protagonist sporting an astonisghing hairstyle finds himself trapped in a world without logic, a land of dreams where anything can happen. Cooked chickens rhythmically spurt out blood at the dinner table, the Lady in the Radiator systematically squashes blobs of semen (life/) in her dance routine and an E.T. lookalike, mutant baby explodes on screen. Don't look for a conventional narrative. Rather the film represents an exploration of post-modernistic themes. Don't walk in with expectations. You'll find sexism, comedy, contradictions - anything is possible. This is not a simple film. Full marks to Eraserhead for its unconventional perspective.
B000003TAB|4.0|Kurt is probably the only one who could describe the essence of life besides Frank Black -- Kurts inspiration of course is THE MAN  himself ... the best ... album out there right now - Insecticide speaks miles in the face of rock and roll - peace out!
B00000IQC8|5.0|This is deffinetly the best movie i have ever seen. It is funny and incredibly true to life unlike most movies these days. Dante and Randal are two people most kids and adults can relate to. Randal being the one who screws around, doesnt care about to much and loves his life. Dante, the one who is always complaining and is in a large state of depression, hating his life. I dont want to go on with the plot but this movie has many memorable moments, the scene with the dead guy and dantes ex girlfriend and the when you first see jay and silent bob are just two of the parts that stick out in my mind. BUY THIS MOVIE!!
B00005B7CK|1.0|One of the worst if not most boring movies I have ever seen.  I think anyone with some degree of intelligence will find this YAWWWWWNNNN! My 5 year old could write a better screenplay!
B000000993|5.0|Undertow is undoubtedly Tool's best album (with Aenima and Lateralus Not far behind), mainly because the music is a lot cleaner and clearer sounding than on the latter albums, plus it has more melody.  A true modern day classic.
B00004TJTQ|5.0|There are many movies generated by Hollywood and very few good ones!  &quot;My Dog Skip&quot; is a very good one, indeed.  It is a movie about a boy, a boy and his dog, a boy and his Father, a family and their dog, a small town and its people.  Whether you had a dog or not or knew someone who had one, this movie will appeal to you.  It is about the dependence and interdependence we all have on each other and it shows sadness as well has happiness.  It is set in a small, southern town in Mississippi in the early 1940s at the height of America's involvement in WWII.  This is about heroes and friends, both the two-legged and four-legged varieties.  &quot;My Dog Skip&quot; is not needlessly maudlin, but it is realistic.  I know it will appeal to you, whether you had a hero as a young man or thought you didn't need one.  It takes a lot for a movie to rate as high as this one has by me.  Do yourself a favor and watch this movie on Father's Day with your family.  You will like it.
B000000OQF|5.0|Guns N Roses made their debut during a time when bands like Poison, Motley Crue, and Quiet Riot ruled the charts.  Yes G'N'R was a bit glam, but there was one difference, G'N'R were good and had talent.  Axel Rose undoubtedly has one of the best voices in rock and Slash is the greatest guitarist ever.  At this point I'd name my favorite songs, but I love every song on &quot;Appetitie for Destruction&quot;.  If you don't own this classic album, you'd better click on the Add to Cart button.
B000059ZLH|5.0|Simply awesome !! It was very well produced (thanks Portnoy) and give us a chance to see those guys playing very difficult arrangements with a incredible high precision and synchronism. Thank God we can notice 2 or 3 mistakes each one ...
B00000099Y|5.0|Aenima isn't as good as Undertow, but it's a fantastic album in its own right.  Aenima has an almost progressive rock sound which enhances the album somewhat, all in all Aenima is a true epic, just like every other Tool album.  If you don't allready have this, what are you waiting for?
B00005BJ2O|4.0|This soundtrack is completely wonderful. I just hope they come out with a volume 2 because it is lacking several key songs, hence the reason for the 4 star rating. (Most importantly: the Duke &amp; Ziddler's version of &quot;Like a Virgin;&quot; the most hilarious part of the movie) Ewan McGregor has an *AMAZING* voice and Nicole Kidman is a goddess. You will adore their songs most of all on this CD. The best songs on there are (in my opinion): The powerful &quot;El Tango De Roxanne,&quot; Ewan's fantastic rendition of &quot;Your Song&quot; and Rufus Wainwright's beautiful &quot;Compliante De La Butte.&quot; You won't regret this purchase! And if you haven't seen the flick get yourself to the nearest movie theater IMMEDIATELY! This is the best movie I have ever seen.
0380788624|2.0|Whereas I found the premise interesting, Stephenson's novel falls apart due to implausible characters and a shaky plot. Instead of building a strong, convincing story in the 900+ page devoted to Cryptonomicon, the author chooses to spend chapter after chapter describing technical jargon and cryptography gimmicks that, in many cases, have little to do with the actual story. This over-attention to detail would be forgivable if the plot actually went somewhere, but the novel doesn't seem to have much of a point until around page 850. Even then, I found the ending to be horribly anti-climactic and left feeling completely underwhelmed and unsatisfied.<br />In short, a passable book if you find yourself really bored or interested in code-breaking, but a waste of time for the casual reader who enjoys a plot or, if nothing else, a point.
B00003Q438|5.0|a great movie to buy for VHS but even better for DVD. the Sound quality is far better and so is the picture.  So much features r on this DVD a very good buy.  Now this movie is easily one of my favourites, this made me appreciate Ed Harris 's acting skills far more and Micheal Biehn, this guy pops up in every movie as a secondary character, a very good actor should be put in more leading roles.  A lot of people say that Terminator 2, Jurassic Park or Total Recall were the movies that brought special effects to a whole new level but i believe that this movie started it all (well naturally Star Wars started it all but this took it one step further).  This movie is one that keeps u watching through out, just one exciting event after another.  Simply amazing.
B000001ESF|5.0|I'm a fan of all kinds of good rock, from The Beatles to Nirvana. But I must say, I think Rush is my favorite band. This album is only the second with drummer/lyricist Neil Peart, but it seems as though they've been together for years. In my opinion, this album is the best of their progressive period. The opener, the &quot;2112&quot; suite, is one of the best classic rock songs ever. It goes from early heavy metal to 70's ballad in the same song! Quite a feat. The whole album doesn't follow the story of the song. &quot;2112&quot; is not a concept album. The other songs are also good. I especially like &quot;Passage to Bangkok&quot;. All in all, a classic album. Classic rock fans should own this and  &quot;Moving Pictures&quot;.
B00005LB9O|5.0|The first Travis album that I bought was their last album The Man Who and I was impressed with the type of music they were putting out.  With their new album The Invisible Band I agian fell in love with their music.  I heard their new single, Sing and could not wait for the album to come out.  I enjoyed the entire album with expection with &quot;the Cage&quot; and &quot;AFterglow&quot; but i really liked the two Bonus tracks that are on the album, &quot;Ring out the Bell&quot; and &quot;You Don't know what I'm Like&quot;.  This is an album that every music fan ,especially Travis fans, have to pick up.  Turn off your computer and buy it.
B000003493|4.0|A life changing blast of mad 60s American pop - loony tunes, bad hair, terrible shirts, dodgy guitar breaks, snotty-as-hell vocals and attitude to spare.<br />This collection epitomises the exuberance, vitality and blind energy of rock 'n' roll. Remember the first time you heard THAT band (whoever it was - it doesn't really matter because everybody had one group that made the hairs on the back of their neck stand up). Well, hearing this was just like that. As with most compilations some of it's just dreadful but this is a small price to pay when balanced against contributions from The Sparkles (No Friend of Mine - one of the classic proto-punk stompers), The Litter (Action Woman - heavy metal ten years too soon) and The Sonics (Strychnine - too intense for words).<br />I'm not kidding when I say this, but I had just about given up on the dross that's being foisted on us in the guise of pop music, but this has woken me up again. Nearly every song in this collection is by a band who maybe only released two or three singles and then vanished, and the fact that all this music is now thirty five years old and yet still blows the socks off almost anything that's currently out there tells its own story. The other point of note is the sheer variety of ideas in these songs. Imagine a time when you could play whatever you wanted to, because nobody had made up the rules yet. Imagine a time when fourtracking probably meant taking up all the lanes on a freeway at once. Imagine a time when two minute songs were actually recorded in two minutes. Well, if you can't imagine buy this record and take a trip.     UK customers should be able to get hold of the UK box set, or alternatively buy all the volumes and make a night of it.
B00005B4GU|5.0|Don't listen to this CD because it's from Radiohead, or because it's &quot;different&quot; or &quot;experimental&quot;.  Listen to this CD because it has some damn good music. The only bad thing about this CD that I can say is that thru the abuse it receives being constantly transported between my stereo and walkman, it's scratched and I can't listen to Dollars and Cents anymore.
B00005B4GU|4.0|This is a pretty good offering from the band. But as a whole, I don't think it works as well as Kid A. Kid A had better &quot;filler&quot; tracks like treefingers, something you normally would not skip to, but helps bring the whole album together nicely. Similar efforts on Amnesiac, such as Hunting Bears don't work nearly as well. There are some great songs on here, like Pyramid Song, I Might be Wrong and my favorite, You and Whose Army, which goes something like this: C'mon, C'mon You think you can take Us? You and Whose Army? Da, Da, Da Da Da Da Da You and Whose Army? Da, Da, Da Da Da Da Da and then some stuff that's hard to understand
B00004RFFM|2.0|Scientists looking for a cure for Alzheimer's disease experiment with nature's most dangerous predator, the shark, making them smarter.  Unfortunately, they're now only as smart as the scientists themselves, who seem to be suffering from the disease they're trying to prevent.
B00005LB9O|4.0|I have been a Travis fan since the very early beginning in 1997, and although the follow-up to THE MAN WHO, THE INVISIBLE BAND still does not outshine the outstanding debut GOOD FEELING, it is much worthy of your musical attention.<br /> The songs are a bit depressing, but in a different manner entirely than the Man Who. &quot;Sing&quot; the albums first single, is a catchy little tune jam-packed with a sing along chorus and a groovy banjo. The album reminds me of Joni Mitchell's CLOUDS as THE MAN WHO reminded me of her BLUE. &quot;Follow the Light&quot;, &quot;Dear Diary&quot;, &quot;Last Train&quot;, &quot;Flowers in the Window&quot; and especially &quot;The Humpty Dumpty Love Song&quot; are among the album's strongest highlights. I could have lived without songs such as &quot;Side&quot; and &quot;The Cage&quot;. I was sad to see &quot;Coming Around&quot; didn't make it to the album, it would have fit along nicely with these sullen but sunny at times, songs. Great for a summer release, THE INVISIBLE BAND proves that Travis is a band you'll be hearing from for quite some time.<br /> Also, the American release has two hidden tracks &quot;Ring out the Bell&quot; which is another amazing song from bassist Dougie Payne. And a surprise debut from lead guitarist Andy Dunlop, with the countryish &quot;You Don't Know What I'm Like&quot;. The photography in the album, as well as the songs, are all beautiful. Singer/Guitarist Fran Healy seems to be maturing more and more with each release, vocally and lyrically. I cannot wait to see what they evolve into next.<br />Bravo Travis!!!!  Buy this and all their other albums immediately.
B00005LB9O|5.0|Following in the footsteps of their great &quot;The Man Who&quot; album, is this worthy successor.  Keeping essentially the same melancholy, yet optimistic, style.  If you at all enjoyed (read: tolerated) The Man Who, this one will surely suit your fancy.  It's a great mix of ballads and energy keep you interested throughout.<br />It starts off with the first single off the record, and a great sing-along song, entitled Sing. Lead-singer Fran Healy wrote it for his wife, Nora, because she has always been hesitant to sing to him, since he's a musician.  It's a very catchy tune, and will keep you coming back.  The rest of the album, again, is a great mix of soft and not-so-soft.<br />You won't be disappointed, and if this is your first taste of Travis...well...you still won't be disappointed.
B00005BJ2O|4.0|First of all, like I said go see this movie. I can't rave enough about it. Just go see it and experience it for yourself. Now, the soundtrack is wonderful. Kidman and McGregor blew me away and I can't get enough of them. I do agree with a lot of others who say there needs to be a second album. Since Romeo + Juliet (another Baz film) had one, I'm hoping the same will be done for the show. All of the most moving and exciting moments are captured but some of the comedy numbers have been forgotten and a song I absolutely fell in love with, being a theatre student, \\"The Show Must Go On\\" needs to be included. But nonetheless, go see the show, buy this album.
B00005B4GU|2.0|Radiohead's &quot;Kid A&quot; was a difficult CD, but even from the first listen it showed promise, and there were always standout songs (&quot;Optimistic,&quot; &quot;National Anthem,&quot; &quot;Idioteque&quot;) to keep a person engaged as they grew into the sound of the startlingly original disc. With &quot;Amnesiac there is no such promise and very few standout songs to save the day. &quot;I Might Be Wrong&quot; is so clearly the best song on the disc that it is kind of disturbing--what, was there nothing else? The &quot;Pyramid Song&quot; lags behind at a nice distance, but is still an interesting and satisfying piece of music. It's there that it gets hairy. There are 11 songs, and  11-2=9 questionable works of limited artistic merit. As an example, there is &quot;Pulk/Pull Revolving Doors&quot; likely the worst song ever conceived of or recorded;it is noisemaking at its most senseless. Also, we have an inferior version on Kid A's &quot;Morning Bell,&quot; &quot;Life In A Glasshouse&quot; (an out of focus revisiting of the &quot;National Anthem&quot; style horn section), and &quot;Knives Out,&quot; all of which seem awfully half-hearted. Thom York often sounds bored and unengaged on the disc, and the musical style of the rest of the band could best be described as apathetic. If this is the way of the musical future for Radiohead, one of the best bands of the 90's, then I must solemnly advise them to swim back up the drain.
6305537798|5.0|I'll start by saying that this is my favourite film in the world and Julia Stiles is my favourite actress.<br />When this film came out I missed it because at the time I hated any sort of 'teen' films and after I did 'Taming of the Shrew' for A'Level's I thought well ok I'll see it. Expecting another 'She's All That' (which I didn't like at all)<br />I was really suprised! It does start worryingly at first because it doesn't seem to have a direction but once the actual plot gets under way it soon picks up. Julia Stiles and Heath Ledger steal the show as the feminist, cynical man-hater and the bad-boy with a wicked reputation, respectively. It's cleverer, funnier, and sassier than any other 'teen' film I've seen and there's hardly a gross joke (ala American Pie and Road Trip) to be seen.  Brilliant film, a real pick me up. You must see it :)
0440234743|4.0|I'm not a huge fan of court-room dramas and after reading Grisham's enjoyable THE FIRM years ago, I always assumed that the rest of his novels were more of the same. (In part because of the legal sounding titles.) TESTAMENT is more than that, however, and opened my eyes a bit. The story of a dying mogul and his greedy offspring was very entertaining and very suspenseful. I couldn't wait to see the reprehensible heirs get bamboozled with the will. The protagonist is a washed up alcoholic lawyer who must find the true-- and secret-- heir who is a missionary in South America. He finds a beautiful and self-less woman that forces him to confront his own self absorbed, tortured existance. Entertaining, humorous, and thought provoking. A good read with surprising depth.
0553573403|5.0|I know it's trite and hackneyed to say so, but this is the best fantasy series I've read since Tolkien. The series has a somewhat grim tone and even the sympathetic characters sometimes end up doing bad and disturbing things. But the plotting, the characterization, the writing and the book as a whole are at a level that just goes beyond anything I've read in a very long time, fantasy or other.<br />If you can't deal with violence or you like your fantasy light and fluffy, you should probably go elsewhere, but if you like a great story with action, wonderful and amazingly fleshed-out characters, and excellent writing, this is your book.
B00004W592|5.0|I confirm the opinion of the reviewer from Ramona. This is indeed a masterpiece (if you look at my other reviews, I don't give away 5 stars easily)! Rather than comparing VS to Traffic's &quot;Low spark of high heeled boys&quot; the Chicago Live at Carnegie Hall triple CD springs to mind. The latter was also recorded in 1969 and offers a similar Jazz-Rock fusion with great Saxophon. Dave Greenslade on the Hammond organ knocks you out as well. This kind of music is not made anymore - what a pity! Be careful to buy the Castle Music recording (the Essential Records recording of Valentine Suite apparently has poor sound quality)
014028009X|5.0|I read this book about a year ago, but I will never ever forget Bridget Jones. She's lovable, pitiful, sweet, and silly all at the same time, and her misadventures are downright hillarious. Everyone, at one time or another, has had a &quot;Bridget moment,&quot; which is why it is so easy to identify with Fielding's heroine. Whether she's showing up to a Sunday afternoon tea in a Playboy bunny costume or screwing up at her job, the lovable Bridget will have you in stitches. I couldn't put it down!
0345442989|2.0|I have admired James Luceno's work on the Robotech novels and he sets up the situation well, but it just declines gradually from there, becoming needlessly convoluted, melodramatic and predictible in the end. There is not alot of personal investment of the characters in their story. The story does not advance the mythology referring to the main characters--Obi-wan, Qui-Gonn, Anakin, or Amidala--even though they all make appearences. It is just the standard sword-fighting stuff. It could have been better if they would have just focused the main conflict down to Qui-Gonn and Obi-wan vs the antagonist--Cohl and his terrorist cell--to the bitter end. Perhaps they could have thrown in a Fallen Jedi or two on Cohl's side to make things really dramatic with a battle royale at the end. Rogue Planet is the best of the Star Wars, with Darth Maul: Shadow Hunter coming in second. This one is a distant third. Basically, it was more political plot than people.
B000003N7G|3.0|I have a few complaints about this Cd by Coltrane.  First, I will applaud him for putting out a very innnovative and courageous style of jazz music.  It is  marvelous.  Now getting to the point.  I paid $ for this cd and it was only 33 minutes long.  That is ridiculous.  It shouldn't have been more than $. I know this is a classic, but c'mon this is not enough music for what is priced to be a full Cd.  If I had a chance to do it all over again,  I wouldn't have bought this Cd for $.  If you can get it cheaper, certainly do so.
B00004Y6TQ|4.0|it troubles me when i read reviews such as one previously posted on here which said that, as a recording, Selmasongs only deserved 2 stars as music, and the reviewer claimed they understood the context without having seen the movie. how can one equate reviewing the music in the context of the film from which it was taken, with reivewing the film itself? it makes no sense to me (probably like this review) BUT i do have a point - to listen to this cd without seeing the movie first is only getting half of the picture.  <br />i watched dancer in the dark earlier tonight, and found it to be one of the most harrowing films i have ever seen. bjork's performance is fantastic, and i am NOT 'jumping on a bandwagon' as that reviewer put it.  yes, it is a valid opinion that a soundtrack's value comes just from its music, not including its context, and 'selmasongs' is a genuinely fantastic piece of work but you simply have to see the film to appreciate it fully.
0553296981|5.0|I believe this is one of the greatist books ever published. It has all the elements of a great novel, yet it was written by a 15 year old girl.<br />Anne Frank and her family go into hiding. She records the events that happen up until her arrest by the Nazis. One part the was sad and disturbing was a sentence that she wrote right before the Nazis took her and her family. &quot;...yet, in spite of everything I believe all people are really good at heart...&quot;<br />This book should be read by people of all ages so that they can understand how the hatred and persecution of people of different races effects the world.
0553212737|5.0|Emma is definitely Jane Austen's most captivating heroine. Emma may be flawed, but her character is the most enjoyable. I loved this novel. Throughout the story, Emma overcomes many personal hurdles. A synopsis would ruin the book - this is a must read!
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Let's face it.  I've heard all these songs so many times &quot;In My Life&quot;, I don't even play this CD.  I just own it because it's like having the Bible around the house.  Sure, you don't read it much, but you know it's good to have a copy around.  It's a nice sampler-beginner for the new Beatle fan, but the only way to go is to own their entire collection especially Sgt. Pepper's, The White Album, Rubber Soul, A Hard Day's Night, Help, Revolver and Abbey Road...OH...just get them all...you won't be dissapointed. Oh, by the way...the sound on the CD is excellent as usual.
0060934913|5.0|A laugh-out-loud book that will not only entertain --It will inform, amuse, caution and instruct.  Full of the most outrageous experiences -- Truly a look at this side of the restaurant business one would never suspect!  The man can write!!!  Enjoyed it so much that I obtained and read his other three books  -- also good reads.  Read it!  You  won't be sorry!
B00005214X|5.0|The remaster on ATMP has been expertly done. As a result of the improved clarity, Spector's multi-layered production attains a depth it lacked before, which somehow makes it seem less extraneous to the basic core of the songs, and less of a musical anachronism. To these ears, Harrison's voice sounded a bit reedy on the older edition. The remastered version restores a sense of immediacy and intimacy that was buried before. My favorite outing by a solo Beatle (I never say ex-Beatle), bar none.
0060934913|5.0|A laugh-out-loud book that will not only entertain --It will inform, amuse, caution and instruct.  Full of the most outrageous experiences -- Truly a look at this side of the restaurant business one would never suspect!  The man can write!!!  Enjoyed it so much that I obtained and read his other three books  -- also good reads.  Read it!  You  won't be sorry!
6304509154|5.0|&quot;Poltergeist&quot; came out the same year as Steven Spielberg's &quot;E.T.&quot;, which is amazing and kind of a plus. Both films tap into the horrors and fantasies that children have. And both take place in a safe, sunny suburbian town. 1982 was, I think, an exciting year for Spielberg. Anyway, on to this movie. It's a scary roller-coaster ride. The ending leaves you feeling the same way you did with &quot;Aliens&quot;: drained and exhilarated. If there's any horror/scary movie that deals with children being possessed, taken away from their parents, or caught with some supernatural spirit, I'm in on it. There's nothing scarier than that concept which I just mentioned. Recently, the AFI ranked this movie No. 84 on their list of the 100 most heart-pounding movies. You can't go wrong with this movie. It's one of the most entertaining horror films ever, and one of the scariest.
6304698658|2.0|Will all of the reissue of old movies with enhanced features for DVD, why would this disc be released I the same format as the VHS release. I think this is one of the funniest movies around, but the DVD release should have included a wide screen version and restored the missing scenes. There are screen shots on the DVD jacket that are not even on the DVD version. I was very disappointed...
B00005LB9O|5.0|I Love this album so much!  Travis is a spectacular band who creates absolutely fabulous music.  Is has the same feel as the Man Who, but who the hell says that that is a bad thing?  In my opinion having songs that touch you and are really catchy is a GREAT thing.  I love this album so much!
B000056JYB|5.0|Even better than when it was released almost 30 years ago. Ginger Baker, Rick Gresch, and Clapton had supergroup potential. But for some reason, they stopped after this album. Whatever the reason, at least they left us with this great music.
B000002L61|5.0|Wow Dio struck again, listening to this album makes me want to just cheer for DIo and his bandmates, going along with we rock like is a greatsong, cause thats what they do, then title trac last in line, is abt. finding if ur going to heaven or hell, being the last in line like finding out the truth, continuing with breathless, I speed at night, one night in the city i think its like abt. everything that goes on in the good or bad, with evil eyes mystery, curiosity abt how we are here, then thrs eat ur heart out, bad girls who get what they deserve, and egypt(chains are on) in Egypt hard times they faced, believe it was a story somewhere in the bible, and CLaudie Schnell being the keyboardist was dynamite and proved his great works with the band, it had everything, great riffs,bass, drums, keys, and vox, long live rock&amp;roll or metal, go get this cd, this and powerslave rank the best albums of 1984, as Ride the Lightening fell to the ground, hahahahaha!!!!
0764005685|2.0|What if Dario Argento became so out of his mind he wanted to direct a 'Wonderful World of Disney' special but keep the slasher trimmings he holds so near and dear to his heart?  Well, the result would be &quot;Phenomena,&quot; a dull-as-a-rusty-razor inductee in Argento's 'Three Blunders' trilogy (&quot;Inferno&quot; and &quot;Phantom of the Opera&quot; are the others).<br />The movie, which has aspects that are pretty interchangeable with Argento's previous (and better) shocker, &quot;Suspiria,&quot; revolves around Jennifer Corvino (Jennifer Connelly, in the Jessica Harper role), the daughter of a movie star who is sent to a foreboding Swiss boarding school.  Oh, and did I mention there's a killer lurking in the shadows?  Jennifer quickly bonds with her roommate, but isn't accepted by the other girls, perhaps because she has the uncanny ability to communicate with the insect world (no, I'm being serious here).  She's befriended by an entomologist (Donald Pleasence) with a pet monkey, and is ultimately drafted to uncover the murderer with the help of her creepy-crawly buddies.<br />When I purchased &quot;Phenomena,&quot; I thought there was no way it could miss.  Being a fan of Argento's previous films I expected something of quality, something that would blow my mind.  Well, all I can say is that this movie just isn't very good, and certainly not up to snuff with &quot;Suspiria,&quot; &quot;Tenebrae,&quot; &quot;Deep Red,&quot; or even &quot;Trauma.&quot;  Jennifer Connelly may have been a find at the time, but this film was not to be her best work (check out &quot;Dark City&quot; or &quot;Requiem for a Dream&quot; instead); in addition, Donald Pleasance seems bored to death by the gratuitous chattiness of the script (at least John Carpenter didn't pad out the scares in &quot;Halloween&quot; with droning dialogue scenes).<br />The newly-remastered Anchor Bay edition of &quot;Phenomena&quot; looks and sounds great and even has a lot of extras tacked on at the end.  When the film was released in the States as &quot;Creepers,&quot; over 20 minutes were cut by the distributor, and those are restored here, but it really isn't to the film's advantage.  While possibly passable at 82 minutes, &quot;Phenomena&quot; becomes damn near intolerable at close to 120, especially when you consider you could be watching one of Argento's GOOD films.  The only saving grace is the last act, which takes place in an eerie, isolated mansion; there is a thrilling confrontation with the bizarre murderer...but things turn unbelievable (even for an Argento film) when not one, not two, but THREE characters show up in the same place, at the same time, just as a sheer coincidence.  Come on.<br />As much as I'm bashing it, &quot;Phenomena&quot; is NOT the worst film Dario Argento has made, but it certainly isn't very good.  It's lightweight enough to perhaps convert someone who's grown tired of the &quot;Scream&quot; films, but other than that there's not much to entice the viewer.  It may be &quot;Uncut and Uncensored!&quot; but it's also more bloated than a beached whale.When the film was released in the States as &quot;Creepers,&quot; over 20 minutes were cut by the distributor, and those are restored here, but it really isn't to the film's advantage.  While possibly passable at 82 minutes, &quot;Phenomena&quot; becomes damn near intolerable at close to 120, especially when you consider you could be watching one of Argento's GOOD films.  The only saving grace is the last act, which takes place in an eerie, isolated mansion; there is a thrilling confrontation with the bizarre murderer...but things turn unbelievable (even for an Argento film) when not one, not two, but THREE characters show up in the same place, at the same time, just as a sheer coincidence.  Come on.<br />As much as I'm bashing it, &quot;Phenomena&quot; is NOT the worst film Dario Argento has made, but it certainly isn't very good.  It's lightweight enough to perhaps convert someone who's grown tired of the &quot;Scream&quot; films, but other than that there's not much to entice the viewer.  It may be &quot;Uncut and Uncensored!&quot; but it's also more bloated than a beached whale.
B00005BJ2O|5.0|This soundtrack is absolutely amazing, not to mention performed by a certainly praiseworthy group of music artists. Your ears will be in bliss for decades with this track, trust me. Its pumping rhythms, enthusiastic harmonies, dancing beats, and emotional &quot;feel good&quot; moments make for one excellent CD for your soundtrack collection. Some songs are certainly addictive, and some truly emotionally moving. A synthesis of music from the 70's to modern day rock-pop culture, combined and mixed with great quality sound. It is really a worth while buy.
B0000062GE|5.0|I only give 5 stars to albums when all of the tracks on the album are great.  This is definetly one of those CD's.  This CD is very dark, moody and emotional, and is most definetly SW's highest point in music yet.  Right from the get go, this album wastes no time getting right down to business with the dark title track &quot;Darkest Days&quot;, and moves forward into other great songs like &quot;Everything I Touch&quot;, &quot;Drugstore, &quot;Save Yourself&quot;, &quot;Desperate Now&quot;, &quot;On Your Way Down&quot;.  There is no doubt that your 12 dollars will go a long way in getting 16 great tracks.
B000002UDG|3.0|I'm a lifelong McCartney fan and get quite defensive when I hear some of the mindless criticism thrown his way, but even I'm getting to the end of my rope on all the Greatest Hits/Best Of packages--in addition to ALL THE BEST there's WINGS GREATEST, WINGSPAN, and who knows what all else. That said, ALL THE BEST is a nice little thing, a bit more complete than WING'S GREATEST, more compact than WINGSPAN.  <br />There are some production glitches--someone seems to have muted a few instruments 3/4 of the way through the classic &quot;Listen To What The Man Said,&quot; for instance--and the inclusion of the B-side clunker &quot;C-Moon&quot; is questionable.  <br />But Macca knows how to make great Pop singles, and this CD is loaded with them.  In addition to the cream of his best solo years--the songs from BAND ON THE RUN and VENUS &amp; MARS, and the singles from the same period--some wise man decided to include the live version of &quot;Coming Up,&quot; which is so much better than the sped-up vocals version found on MCCARTNEY II.<br />This is a nice package, but my advice, as always, is to buy up all the original LPs instead of the compilations.  McCartney is thE master of Pop, and the original studio albums--and the great live CD WINGS OVER AMERICA--are worth it.
B000021XR5|4.0|STP's 1999 release No. 4 is a very good CD, and most of the songs on the album are great to listen to.  There are a few weak points on the album, and the album doesnt stand up quite as high as Tiny Music (1996) and Purple (1994).  But that doesnt mean that this CD doesn't have a great assortment of tracks to listen to.  From the grungy &quot;Pruno&quot; to the mellowed out &quot;Sour Girl&quot;, and the Zeppelinesque &quot;Glide&quot; you are sure to find tracks that are music to your ears.  The 2 main reasons i didnt give this album five stars was the weak tracks &quot;No Way Out&quot; and &quot;MC5&quot;, and it didnt stand up to Tiny Music and Purple.  However, if you like alternative rock, and STP, the album is still worth purchasing.
B000002UDG|3.0|I'm a lifelong McCartney fan and get quite defensive when I hear some of the mindless criticism thrown his way, but even I'm getting to the end of my rope on all the Greatest Hits/Best Of packages--in addition to ALL THE BEST there's WINGS GREATEST, WINGSPAN, and who knows what all else. That said, ALL THE BEST is a nice little thing, a bit more complete than WING'S GREATEST, more compact than WINGSPAN.  <br />There are some production glitches--someone seems to have muted a few instruments 3/4 of the way through the classic &quot;Listen To What The Man Said,&quot; for instance--and the inclusion of the B-side clunker &quot;C-Moon&quot; is questionable.  <br />But Macca knows how to make great Pop singles, and this CD is loaded with them.  In addition to the cream of his best solo years--the songs from BAND ON THE RUN and VENUS &amp; MARS, and the singles from the same period--some wise man decided to include the live version of &quot;Coming Up,&quot; which is so much better than the sped-up vocals version found on MCCARTNEY II.<br />This is a nice package, but my advice, as always, is to buy up all the original LPs instead of the compilations.  McCartney is thE master of Pop, and the original studio albums--and the great live CD WINGS OVER AMERICA--are worth it.
068485743X|4.0|For anyone going through the thrill and terror of submitting work for publication for the first time, this book should be a must read. Mr. Lukeman gives you the most important basic rules to follow to get your work noticed, represented and published. As he is also a very reputable literary agent, he knows of what he speaks! Get the book and get to work!
B000002OZY|4.0|The first lead instrument on TOMMY, one of the most influential Rock albums ever by the greatest Rock band ever, is....a French Horn.<br />The first vocal on TOMMY, recorded by a band which boasted one of the most influential lead singers in Rock history, Roger Daltrey, is sung by...Pete Townshend.  Townshend also sings the second tune.  And the third.<br />It's that kind of an album.<br />The music on TOMMY is superb--you'll have a hard time getting me to bad-mouth Pete Townshend, ever--and the performances, particularly by Townshend and John Entwistle are top notch.  But Daltrey seems muted, Keith Moon's drums are mixed way down, and the album seems oddly quiet.<br />(The real deal, the hot recordings of TOMMY, were recorded live at Woodstock, Monterey Pop and, in pieces, on LIVE AT LEEDS.  Look for these songs on video on WOODSTOCK, MONTEREY POP, and THE KIDS ARE ALRIGHT.)<br />I've always considered QUADROPHENIA the penultimate Who album, but there is a moment in TOMMY that keeps it nipping at QUADROPHENIA's heels: it's Townshend stepping up to the microphone to sing his love-song to his audience:<br />&quot;Listening to you I get the music, gazing at you I get the heat, following you I climb the mountain, I get excitement at your feet. Right behind you I see the millions, on you I see the glory, from you I get opinions, from you I get the story.&quot;<br />Townshend may claim this was a religious statement, but I prefer to go on believing he sang it to you and me.  He always had the most interesting relationship with his audience and his generation of anyone in Rock, and this was the defining moment of that realtionship.
B00003CXDZ|3.0|Wow! The first 10 minutes of this movie are a visual feast!<br />Then it becomes just another movie. It's a good movie with good dialogue and great visuals and a really simple plot. Unfortuently some of the scenes go on way too long and spoil the cleverness of the scene. (Yah I get it, you're quoting other songs) It's a shame too, cause it these scenes had been shorter it would have been a great film.
B000002UDG|3.0|I'm a lifelong McCartney fan and get quite defensive when I hear some of the mindless criticism thrown his way, but even I'm getting to the end of my rope on all the Greatest Hits/Best Of packages--in addition to ALL THE BEST there's WINGS GREATEST, WINGSPAN, and who knows what all else. That said, ALL THE BEST is a nice little thing, a bit more complete than WING'S GREATEST, more compact than WINGSPAN.  <br />There are some production glitches--someone seems to have muted a few instruments 3/4 of the way through the classic &quot;Listen To What The Man Said,&quot; for instance--and the inclusion of the B-side clunker &quot;C-Moon&quot; is questionable.  <br />But Macca knows how to make great Pop singles, and this CD is loaded with them.  In addition to the cream of his best solo years--the songs from BAND ON THE RUN and VENUS &amp; MARS, and the singles from the same period--some wise man decided to include the live version of &quot;Coming Up,&quot; which is so much better than the sped-up vocals version found on MCCARTNEY II.<br />This is a nice package, but my advice, as always, is to buy up all the original LPs instead of the compilations.  McCartney is thE master of Pop, and the original studio albums--and the great live CD WINGS OVER AMERICA--are worth it.
B00005ATQ9|5.0|Let us dispense with the phrase &quot;period piece&quot; that inevitably pops up in most reviews of Stanley Kubrick's &quot;Barry Lyndon&quot;. If there is any common thread that runs through all Kubrick films, it is the essential timelessness of the human comedy, whether the protaganists are fighting sabretooth tigers, Romans, Napoleon, in WW 1, in the Cold War, in Vietnam, evil computers in outer space, or thier own sexual urges. &quot;Barry Lyndon&quot; just happens to peek in on the silly earthlings while they are struggling through the 18th century. Kubrick coaxes a career-best performance from Ryan O'Neal, who is perfectly appointed as the handsome, &quot;rougeish&quot; opportunist of the movie title. The film is peppered with memorable supporting performances and lorded over by a wonderfully droll  voiceover &quot;narrator&quot; (a Kubrick trademark!). The jaw-dropping, &quot;oil painting coming to life&quot; visuals alone are worth the price of admission. History buffs will probably observe that Kubrick's trademark use of classical music is &quot;era appropriate&quot; for once! Like any true work of art, &quot;Barry Lyndon&quot; is something to be treasured.
0452282152|5.0|I so loved this book.  I am an artist and the book's cover actually made me buy it. I cared so much for this young girl and couldn't wait to find out what happened next, when she would see Vermeer next, what the wife would say...  I couldn't wait to pick the book back up every day.  I was sorry to see it end.
B00005BF9Z|5.0|With Proxima Estacion Esperanza, Manu Chao delivers another great CD. Happier, at times funkier than the melancholic Clandestino, Proxima Estacion sometimes echoes the Mano Negra years (especially with the ska number &quot;Promiscuity&quot; and the jazzy &quot;Trapped by Love&quot;) while maintaining the simple, minimalistic and acoustic feel used in Clandestino. Manu Chao, a collage artist, samples anything, from Cuban radio programs to french documentaries to cell phone and fax sounds, mixing all of this with his songs. Some of the samples are new, some are recycled, but, hey, that's what a collage artist does, he recycles stuff. For example, Mr. Bobby and the Homens' music is the same as King of Bongo. But he makes enough changes to make these sounds sound fresh again. But the winners in Proxima Estacion are &quot;Merry Blues&quot;, portuol songs &quot;Bixo do coco/El dorado&quot; and the Algerian influenced &quot;Denia&quot;.Being Manu Chao, everybody expects him to sing about &quot;controversial topics&quot;. People who search for that &quot;controversial topic&quot; or whatever is missing the whole point of the album.  For all of you who loved Clandestino, you'll love Proxima Estacion.
B00005B4GU|5.0|After finally adjusting to Kid A's escape from guitar-bass-drum styled Radiohead, I was intrigued by what more they could do with their own twisted version of 21st century rock... and here it is.  Thom Yorke's anomie remains central, and the tones and images of these songs reinforce that somewhat antisocial view.  His perspective -- society is getting dehumanized, and our music should reflect it -- is a sharp and accurate criticism, and translated to music it makes for a stunning, interesting and chalenging listen.<br />The more techo-oriented pieces, &quot;Packt...,&quot; &quot;Pulk/Pull...&quot; and &quot;Like Spinning...&quot; are vaguely reminiscent of Aphex Twin but far from bland copies or simple homages.  They clearly are Radiohead at work.  &quot;Pulk/Pull&quot; uses some amazingly haunting tape loops of Thom describing different doors, and each description receives its own speed manipulation, making Thom sound childlike or as if through a quaalude haze.  The images spun by this song will burn into your brain.  &quot;Like Spinning&quot; uses a reverse track intro, then introduces the sound of those Space Tubes that used to sell in the USA, the type that if you whirled them around they would make an eerie whistling noise.  The overall effect would serve well on a futuristic horror movie in which the horror remains unspoken, and not a visual like some alien monster.<br />&quot;I Might be Wrong&quot; and &quot;Knives Out&quot; are more guitar-bass-drum than the rest of the album, and they seem somewhat reminiscent for that reason.  But they are colored by the same dissociated, distant attitude that pervades Kid A and Amnesiac, and that makes them equally innovative.<br />The only disppointment for me is that &quot;Hunting Bears&quot; is so short.  The angular guitar lines are very interesting and tempting, appearing to lead into something more, and then they just stop... somewhat like a Guided by Voices song-snippet.<br />This album takes Radiohead back to theposition of most courageous, inventive and interesting band making rock music today.  I just wish I could see them somewhere on their upcoming tour.
B00005BF9Z|5.0|With Proxima Estacion Esperanza, Manu Chao delivers another great CD. Happier, at times funkier than the melancholic Clandestino, Proxima Estacion sometimes echoes the Mano Negra years (especially with the ska number &quot;Promiscuity&quot; and the jazzy &quot;Trapped by Love&quot;) while maintaining the simple, minimalistic and acoustic feel used in Clandestino. Manu Chao, a collage artist, samples anything, from Cuban radio programs to french documentaries to cell phone and fax sounds, mixing all of this with his songs. Some of the samples are new, some are recycled, but, hey, that's what a collage artist does, he recycles stuff. For example, Mr. Bobby and  Homens' music is the same as King of Bongo's. But he makes enough changes to make these sounds sound fresh again. <br />But the winners in Proxima Estacion are &quot;Merry Blues&quot;, portuol songs &quot;Bixo do coco/El dorado&quot; and the Algerian influenced &quot;Denia&quot;. The first single &quot;Me gustas tu&quot; is also a good reggae infected song, in which Manu lists all the things in life he appreciates. Many reviewers have described this song as a cumbia...for all of you who dislike cumbia, this song is NOT a cumbia, it just has an accordeon, that's it. <br />For all of you who loved Clandestino, you'll love Proxima Estacion.
B0000508U6|5.0|I love every song on this song, all the songs are so beautiful and touching. Coldplay feels my soul like no other band has ever done before,they make it want to do more in life. I swear I play this cd every day !!! My favorite songs are &quot;Don't Panic&quot; , &quot;Shiver , &quot;Everything's Not Lost &quot; , &quot;Spies&quot; and &quot;Parachutes&quot;. This is a must buy cd, you won't regret getting it .
B00005B36H|5.0|Tool is probably the only band I know of that never releases a bad album (with the exception of  their SALIVAL box set).  After seeing them for the fourth time a couple weeks ago at the State Theater in Detroit, I can honestly say that they are my favorite band of all time.  Lateralus is a fascinating album that will clearly take 5 or 6 spins before you can understand and appreciate the sheer power and intelligence of the band.  For Tool fans my ramblings here will represent things they already know and expect, but for people unfamiliar and interested in &quot;Lateralus,&quot; let me elaborate.  The album opens up with &quot;The Grudge&quot; and combines sheer heaviness with unique mythical guitar arrangements.  &quot;Schism&quot; shows of the sheer talent of Bassist Justin Chancellor and groove the band is capable of producing.  &quot;Ticks and Leaches&quot; displays Danny Carrey's power over the drum kit, while &quot;Parabol and Parabol&quot; combine a mellow guitar tinged voice over intro into a full fledged onslaught of  crushing cords and powerful vocals.  &quot;Lateralus&quot; is also an epic title track that uses the full range and beauty of Maynard's voice and contains great guitar riffs.  Maynard's voice is again outstanding as is Adam Jone's guitar work.  This is an album everyone should buy because I feel Tool is a band that can appeal to fans of all types of music.  Run out and get it now!!!!!!!!!!  This will be the best metal album of the year next to Slipknot's Iowa. Also go see them live because they are an outstanding live show.
B000024D0J|5.0|This album put me on to hip hop and into a frenzy. This work by 8 talented performers, including the RZA and his masterful producing throbs with excellent tunes, track after track. Each rapper has his own style and brings a new sound to the mike and the song. With great backing rythms and solid beats, there is not a bad track amoungst them. The Wu Tang love their kung fu and it comes through as samples and in the lyrics in most songs adding a warrior dimension to the clan.<br />The pick of the tracks on this IMPORT are &quot;Wu Tang:7th Chamber&quot;, &quot;Da Mystery Of Chessboxin&quot;, &quot;Method Man&quot;, &quot;Protect Ya Neck&quot;, &quot;Tearz&quot; and my personal favourite &quot;C.R.E.A.M&quot;.<br />36 Chambers is a top hip hop/rap album that is &quot;rugged and raw&quot; with clever, meaningful raps, a crzy style and funky sound. You wont own anything else quite like this modern masterpiece. So buy it, play it and rap along...
B0000033WC|5.0|To be Frank, this was the last desperate attempt of The Velvet Underground to sell records. This is not a put down of any kind but with such accesible songs as &quot;Who Loves The Sun&quot;, &quot;Train Round The Bend&quot;, and &quot;Oh! Sweet Nuthin&quot;. But none are tongue-in-cheek except maybe for &quot;Lonesome Cowboy Bill&quot;. And the album is quite beautiful and melodious. If I remember correctly, Maureen Tucker was billed on the album but a studio musician was actually the one drumming.
B000001ESP|5.0|To keep things moving towards the 100-review mark, I just wanted to add my little voice of public appreciation for what is a seminal rock album - although it's really all been said by everyone else. This was the one that really drew me to Rush's new &quot;compact progressive&quot; style, and the fact that you could still have an intricate and intelligent, but digestible, musical and lyrical structure in a 4-5 min track.<br />As a then-teenage bass player, Geddy Lee's wonderful melodic lines, particularly on `Red Barchetta` and `YYZ`, had a big impact (I'm still figuring out just HOW he plays those fiddly bits in YYZ!), and the guitar and drum work is second to none. Complex rhythms and those Lifeson chords all combine magically.<br />I have to admit to favouring the feel and flow of the first four tracks (combine these with the first three from `Permanent Waves&quot; - wow). The second part of the album stands apart somewhat, but is just as good in a different way. It all provides for a quite exceptional whole, and the album still sounds great after 20 years of repeated listening. How many albums can you say that about? The &quot;Kind of Blue&quot; of rock?...<br />A nice line in wry, self-deprecating humour, lack of pretension, and integrity, are all other good qualities to admire in Rush as a band (witness the album titles/covers and Geddy Lee's comment heading these reviews). All the more so in an &quot;industry&quot; where &quot;image&quot; and self-promotion now seem obligatory. But then `The Spirit of Radio' touched on this over 20 years ago...
B00000AFWW|5.0|Dedicated to all the water wasted in the City of Angels &quot;Celebrity Skin&quot; picks up where the X and the Go-Go's left off in the early 80s. The title song certainly is the love child of X's &quot;Sex and Dying in High Society&quot; and The Go-Go's &quot;This Town&quot;. While most people will say that Smashing Pumpkin leader Billy Corgan's influence is probably the most highly felt, I tend to think Love and company took more from Go-Go Charlotte Caffey who co-wrote &quot;Reason's to Be Beautiful.&quot;  Certainly &quot;Boys on the Radio&quot; could have been clipped from the Go-Go's &quot;Talk Show&quot; album.<br />Don't get me wrong while this album certainly wears it's influences on it's sleeves it's not at all derivitive nor does is copy it's predessors. If you don't have this yet make sure you get it as it's one of the best and probably Hole's swan song.
B00005AQE8|5.0|This is the greatest hip-hop album of all time. I'm a huge fan of Jigga, Nelly, Ludacris, and all the essential rappers of today. But none match the talent of the late Tupac Shakur. This album is his greatest in a long line of stellar albums. Its one of those albums where you don't have to skip any track. You may want to though because you will develop your favorites. It has the laid back tracks, the party tracks, the gangsta tracks. 2Pac's has the skill to master every beat. The well known songs like &quot;2 of Amerikaz Most Wanted&quot;  are definitely classic. But, on this CD you'll find songs that are just as good, and if they had been released as a single would have warranted the same attention. My favorite song of all time is &quot;All Eyez on Me&quot; the title track, and songs like &quot;Shorty Wanna Be a Thug&quot; and &quot;Rather Be Ya N****&quot; follow closely behind. All in all, this is not an album that falls into one of those hip hop buyer categories of &quot;sell-out&quot;, &quot;party album&quot;, &quot;chill album&quot;. 2Pac never sold-out, and the album transcends any category typical hip hop buyers could place on it. Once you have it you will listen and appreciate forever. RIP
0812550706|5.0|We've all seen Star Wars, the science fiction classic of the big screen. And many of us have also read Dune, thought to be one of the most famous sci-fi books in history. Both of those, Star Wars and Dune, led to what the Sci-Fi movies and novels of today are. Unfortunately, many times that means that new science fiction books are just repeats of the older ones, never seeming to break out of the stereotypical science fiction genre. But Ender's Game enters the genre marvelously, and redefines the stereotype of what sci-fi books should be.<br />Ender's Game start's out as many science fiction books do, with the threat of a possible alien invasion to Earth. Now, with the threat of the third invasion, the world begins to train generals to command their fleet of spaceships and army's in the hopes of being able to fend of the attack. But that's where the similarity to any other books ends, as the new trainees for general are nothing more than children. That's right, children. <br />The world sends it's smartest kids to train for war in an orbiting space station, known as Battle School, where the kids have lessons in everything from strategy to communication, fast thinking to actual combat training. The &quot;students&quot; participate in regular mock battles in a no gravity environment, to help them understand the art of war. Each student try's to get the most number of kills they can per battle, to raise their total score. But there's one student who surpasses them all. Little Ender Wiggin enters battle school at age six, but is quickly moved up, as he is the smartest kid in his launch group. Soon, he becomes the best student in the school, since his talents and ability's surpasses everyone else's. Simply put, he's the best. And he needs to be, as he'll find out as he grows up through tougher and tougher challenges.<br />Ender's Game is one of those few books that show you something so strange and unreal, yet for some reason, inclines the reader to believe it. The situations that Battle School students face force the kids to act like adults, putting a sick twist on maturity. The children face adult problems, and therefore try to act like adults with nave, childish views. It can almost be compared to Lord Of The Flies, in the way that the children are forced to act like adults, but still retain kid habits. Ender's Game is such a deep and indulging book to read, that once you finish it, you instantly buy or borrow its sequels. This novel, I believe, is the best book I have ever read, and if you read it, you'll know why.
B00005B36H|5.0|I'm not sure exactly what I'm defending here, since Tool's not losing any sleep (or money) over some of the negative comments about their album, and most people seem to love this album&#8230;yes, some of the negative reviews are a bit perplexing, but everyone is within their right not to like this album. I do agree with the reviewer that commented that some people seem to like this album just because it's Tool, and I find that kind of &#8220;herd mentality&#8221; almost as perplexing as some of the more adamant negative reviews. <br />I guess the main reason I'm writing this is that it seems like some of the negative comments I'm reading here are riddled with impatience, expectations, and preconceptions: in other words, they are riddled with EGO,  that uniquely human &#8220;reality filter&#8221; that hinders us from seeing the world around us &#8220;as it really is.&#8221; Obliteration of the ego is one of the main themes of this album; a theme that becomes explicit in the luminously dark track, \\"Reflection,\\" which concludes the vocal part of the album.<br />If you've REALLY been listening to the progression of Tool's albums, you'll know that they're not really \\"trying to go for\\" any sort of style. That's not what they're about. They're making the music THEY want to make, WHEN they want to make it, irrespective of styles, genres, and trends...hopefully, their \\"fans\\" are along for the ride with them, but sometimes artists evolve, and fans don't, and vice versa; that just goes with the territory. If you hear any element in their music, be it \\"metal,\\" \\"prog.,\\" \\"psych.,\\" \\"Eastern,\\" or anything else, it's because that's the kind of music they like, and want to make, not because a record label or a web site poll, told them that's what people want to hear. Can you say, \\"integrity?\\" Can't you hear it in their music? <br />Bottom line: If you're really a \\"Tool fan\\"--and not someone who just wants something to follow, or someone who wants a band to make the same album over and over again--then, forget about \\"average track times,\\" and the like...and just SHUT UP AND LISTEN TO THIS ALBUM FOR AWHILE! If you still don't like it, I can respect that. For example, everybody and his brother seems to love Radiohead. I listened to OK Computer for awhile and I just couldn't find enough to like about it. But when you're writing off an album, essentially in the first couple of weeks that it's been out--and you claim to be a fan of the band--well, you haven't given them enough of a chance...and you've unwittingly become a small example of the societal problems they're speaking out against in their music. Let go of your expectations, let go of your preconceptions, let go of your recollections of their past albums, let go of your own \\"abandonment issues\\" that make you feel like they've let you down somehow (oh well, at least I'm not seeing a lot of ... \\"sell out\\" cries). <br />Yes, it would be a nice, simple world, if we could always know the first couple of times we listen to an album, whether we love it or hate it; whether it's great or it's [not]; but that's just not reality. Take this album in the car with you; listen to it in the morning on the way to work or school, in the evening on the way home, and on a moonlight drive by yourself; listen it to it while you're doing the dishes; listen to it while you're lying on your bed or couch, winding down with a beer at the end of the day. Sit and listen to it, attentively, then listen to it as background music while you're doing some household chore. Listen to it loud, then listen to it not so loud. In the cosmic scheme of things, it doesn't really matter if a few people don't like an album, but I wouldn't waste my time writing this if I didn't really think that it was worthwhile for some of the naysayers and skeptics to give this album some time, and let it \\"seep in.\\" Listen. Let it wash over you, then jar the hell out of you. Let go.
B000000OAN|5.0|Queen is a great band. This is their best album. '39 is the best song on here, but it's nice to hear &quot;Lazing on a Sunday Afternoon&quot; when you're cooped up in your room on Sunday finishing a problem set before studying for your test on Monday....
B00003CXDZ|5.0|I have been to the real Moulin Rouge in Paris, it wasn't has glamorous as the movie was, in the real place all the girls were half naked. This was definitly a lovely movie, true drama, a wild ride of imaginations all the way. The singing, the dancing, the story less so, but still nice, and the acting. Nicole Kidman did some of her best movieing, Ewan Mcgregor nost as good, but the rest of the cast was impressive. One problem, What was up with Mcgregor when he was supposingly writing the Story of Moulin Rouge, the story that we are watching? How could he have known what happened when he wasn't present? And how could he have told them to us? This significantly reduced the realism of the story, and perfection of the movie. Still, this was a tremendous film. After watching the preview I was like, no, this is going to be bad, but it actually turned out as a nice surprise.
B000006Z8E|5.0|En la linea de los grandes grupos ingleses del rock progresivo tales como genesis, yes, king crimson, ELP, Jethro tull y otros este album es una delicia para escucharlo, con ese sonido refinado y esa lengua italiana siempre tan sugestiva, este es un disco a escuchar.
B000059HGY|5.0|Unlike the past few Bastardizations that Hollywood claims to be &quot;War Films,&quot; TORA!! TORA!! TORA!! ranks as one of the more Interesting War Films that approaches from both a Historical and an Action Movie, and rarely leaves you bored.<br />Althought it doesn't have facts that weren't avaliable at the time the film was made, it clearly displays avaliable facts and presents them in a nice format that plays out like some Tom Clancy Novel. <br />A great movie to watch, and a good way to teach the &quot;younger Generations&quot; about the start of WWII first hand.
0316777722|4.0|I picked up this book right before a flight, and I spent the entire flight scaring the guy next to me, what with all my shaking, squeaking, and tears flowing from my eyes.  I wanted to out-and-out guffaw, but I thought that a bit much in such a cramped space.<br />First of all, I've seen the reviews here of people bitching that he doesn't really talk about Paris much.  I beg pardon?  Have you =heard= David Sedaris before?  Did you think he wrote travelogues?  <br />Sedaris is a humorous, sardonic essayist, and almost all his essays are autobiographical.  What do I mean almost, =all= of them are autobiographical.  This book follows David from his childhood in Raleigh, to Chicago &amp; New York (&amp;somewhere else I can't remember, all I know is it involved hitchhiking), and then finally his escape to France, where he finds three French teens lying in the road in front of his house, supposedly waiting for Madonna to drop by to visit him (ha.)  <br />Many of these essays have been published in magazines like Esquire, and some form of most of these have also been heard on the public radio show &quot;This American Life&quot;.  He really knows how to exploit his material, and I admire him for that.  <br />Do =not= buy this to learn deep insights into the human soul, for crying out loud, do =not= buy this to be inspired, and unless you're an idiot, do =not= buy this to find out what living in France is like for an American.  Buy this because you want to laugh uncontrollably, buy this because you like reading about people who have very strange lives, and buy this to see how writing should be done.
B000056VIY|5.0|This is the best! Jennifer Lopez is always going to be in my CD collection. I haven't seen better! This album has enough tracks to keep the show rolling. She does just as good in her movies. Here's what to expect.<br />01.Love Don't Cost A Thing-This song is a great one to start the cd out. I really like it! <br />02.I'm Real-The upcoming single should be a big hit! <br />03.Play-Even though this is one of my favorites on the cd... She gets quite nasty with the DJ. She scares me in this one. <br />04.Walking On Sunshine-This is a nice dance song I really like.  <br />5.Ain't It Funny-This is another one of my favorites on the cd. I think it should be a big hit! <br />06.Carino-This song is just as good as the others. <br />07.Come Over-Things start to get romantic in this one. <br />08.We Gotta Talk-This one is the opisite of 07. <br />09.That's Not Me-This song is simply the best. <br />10.Dance With Me-Haven't Listened to yet. <br />11.Secretly-Things get too romantic in this one! <br />12.I'm Gonna Be Alright-Nice Rythym! <br />13.That's The Way-Haven't listened to yet. <br />14.Dame <br />15.Se Sy Si Acabo
0064407667|3.0|I wouldn't call this a bad book - and yes I did remember that it was a children's book - but I wouldn't say it was on my &quot;books to remember&quot; list. My one main gripe with this book is the explainations of big words that, to be honest, weren't big at all. I can tell you for a fact that even a six year old knows what the word &quot;rickety&quot; means. Some of the explaination took paragraphs too. Now I would simply omit those parts, but that did interupt the flow of the book quite a bit and kept me from enjoying it. This is a hard book to get into and the lack of character development makes it hard to care what happens to the three Baudelaire children. The book was boring. You might think that I shouldn't say that because I'm an &quot;adult&quot;, but if I lost interest a child is twice as likely to lose interest. But still I say that this book isn't horrible, but I would recomend it to a younger age group than 9-12. Perhaps an age group of around 7-12, but that's kind of insulting the 12 year olds who undoubtedly would take offense to the little deffinitions. By 12 most children have learned what &quot;literaly&quot; means and don't need a whole page telling them.<br />This is a kind of wishy-washy review, what else can I say but... &quot;eh&quot; to such a wishy-washy book.
B000059TPI|4.0|that's a general rule of thumb. The biggest craze in the eighties ruined every movie it could with coloring the classics. This was truely James Stewart's best film. If you can find the black and white version, i suggest you get that instead. Color doesn't change the plot. This movie comes from when special effects were so crude that a plot need to be involved unlike Jurassic Park. Although imaginary lizards is a funny thought, a Pooka translates over the story better. If your new to James Stewart films, this is the first to own. Follow it up with Mr. Smith goes to Washington, and The Man who shot Libery Vallence(my second personal favorite Stewart flick). Then work your way through Hitchcock.
0060392886|5.0|This book is great!!! These guys are incredible, how awsome is it that they share a look into their lives for us to read about!!!
B00003CXFG|5.0|this is the first sci-fi movie that compares to Alien. I was overly impressed with this flick. Except for Vin Disel, all the other actors are virtually nobodies, which helps you stayed focus on the plot and visual effects, just like Alien. I did not expect to photography to be as stunning as it was. The use of color was sharp. The DVD preseves this movie and makes you feel like you didn't miss this one in the theaters. The extras could have been a little better, but i've yet to see a dvd utilize the extras. By all means buy this movie. This is the perfect movie to test your new Dvd system and surround sound.
0060392886|5.0|This book is great!!! These guys are incredible, how awsome is it that they share their personal life stories with their fans!!!
B000056K04|5.0|I just bought this cd today.  I bought it because i liked the two songs i'd heard on the radio: &quot;I did it&quot; and &quot;The Space Between&quot;.  I've not even finished listening to the cd, and i already love it.  I'd not been familiar with Dave Matthews Band until I'd heard these two songs that i've mentioned.  Perhaps you are familiar with DMB's previous works, and i've seen reviews saying that they've done much better than this.  well, to me this is very good music, and i'm not familiar with their previous albums.  Let that be a guide to you if you are a new listener, such as me.  Ciao!
0140311254|2.0|I purchased this script with the intent of directing it as a high school play. Our high school has done many productions of children's stories and almost always receives a positive response, so I was not worried about the content of the play being too infantile. But this play was adapted from the original book to be performed by a group of 6th graders. The age group it was intended for shows blatantly. After reading through it and reflecting on the play as a whole, I decided that it was pretty lame. Now, I'm not trying to impugn Mr. George's adaptation. On the contrary, I commend him for taking the initiative to put so much work into adapting a story like this for the stage. But I wouldn't dare try to put this play on the stage of a high school theatre, or anything at all, unless it is done with all children cast members or done for an all children audience.
B00005LOUP|5.0|i saw the grinch in the theater and it was a very good film i will buy the dvd when it comes out u should buy it too but i have to wait to novenmber to buy very good special effects makeup on jim carrey it was very good thank you
B00005LB9O|4.0|The material on the eagerly anticipated &quot;The Invisible Band&quot; is a far cry from the almost glam-rock of some of the tracks on Travis' debut, &quot;Good Feeling&quot;, but it's unmistakably Travis all the same.  It's the kind of CD which your dad would happily listen to, but I wouldn't let that put you off - it's got a universal appeal, and a general good humour about it (The Humpty Dumpty Love Song, for example).  And it's happy, too.<br />Musically, it's excellent - although there are some overly simplistic lyrics which did mar my enjoyment a little.  Hopefully they won't get too bugging with more listens, but the choruses of &quot;Sing&quot; and &quot;Safe&quot; are a little similar to each other (ie, the title repeated a handful of times)<br />While third albums have a reputation of being make-or-break for many bands, in my opinion this release has shown that Travis may well have much more good stuff to come.
0440234743|5.0|Another great story from one of the terrific writers of our day, Grisham knows how to build his characters and he does it again in &quot;The Testament&quot;, which is a modern-day parable of the Book of Ecclesiastes.  The Old Testament book's theme is, &quot;Everything is Meaningless&quot; and the writer concludes that the only thing that matters in life is his relationship with God.  Well, Grisham apparently takes this timeless theme and builds his storyline.  Troy Phelan, the multibillionaire, the man who has it all, sets the stage for the plot.  His life characterizes the Ecclesiastical claim that all is meaningless, all is vanity, nothing matters; however, midway in the book, we are introduced to Rachel Lane, who has taken the path of a missionary in the deep Pantanal jungles of South America.  Her life is simple, absent of the luxuries of American materialism, but rich in other ways.  The reader is drawn into the story through the character of Nate O'Riley, a lawyer who must face his own personal vices and make some critical life choices of his own.  Well my friends, you will have to discover the exciting concluson for yourselves, in a novel with many twists and turns, and of course, Grisham's forte of legal suspense makes this an awesome book.  Who knows, you may have to make some choices of your own?
B00005LB9O|4.0|It only takes a look at Travis's two most recent album covers to notice the thematic differences between the two. Their album The Man Who, with its cover photo of the band in a snowy winter landscape, sounded like Fran Healy &amp; Co. were reveling in their own misery. On this new cd, The Invisible Band, with its lush cover photo (which in a weird way reminds me of the cover of The Association's Greatest Hits), the group lets the light in.<br />The Invisible Band is hopelessly optimistic, sometimes echoing Paul McCartney's first solo album, which is a bit of a surprise, judging from The Man Who's chilling closer 'Blue Flashing Lights'. Gone are the loud guitars; the album has a mostly acoustic flavour, and the entire album feels as bemusedly relaxed as hanging out on a porch swing in the summertime. This whole record swings: the fabulous 'Sing' and its ingenious inclusion of the banjo, the equally catchy 'Side', the sweet-sounding, McCartneyesque 'Pipe Dreams', 'Flowers In The Window', and 'Follow The Light', and the wonderful, goofy-titled, bittersweet 'The Humpty Dumpty Love Song'.<br />There are some tunes on The Invisible Band that are a bit weaker than others, like 'Safe' and the out of place 'Last Train', but nothing that's worth complaining about. Fran Healy's lyrics can be hopelessly banal and cringeworthy at times (&quot;Dear Diary/what is wrong with me?&quot;), but he delivers his lyrics so sincerely that you can't help but give the guy a break.<br />Released on the heels of Radiohead's miserable (but equally good) Amnesiac, The Invisible Band serves as a sunny counterpoint. Seen as a bit of a Radiohead clone a year or so ago, Travis have veered off that path to find their own niche, which is making simple, good music that even your mother would like. And there isn't anything wrong with that one bit. Not at all.
0385484518|4.0|Live life at its fullest for any moment may be your last. Little lessons in life which seem so obvious we sometimes seem to forget them. Not a literary book, but a good read.
B000002GZ1|4.0|This is a very influential, classic blues album. It's probably THE classic blues album of the 60's. Paul's harp and vocals are extremely tight and Mike Bloomfield's lead guitar shines throughout the album. This is a must have for any blues lover.<br />The CD however sounds really bad. This existing version was mastered using 1987 technology. The music sounds tinny and thin and there's no depth to it. This is a major candidate for remastering. I've heard The Doors complete studio recordings box set, so I know that Elektra can do great things with remastering. ....
0380788624|5.0|I have read every book written by Neal, and I have yet to find one of his books that doesn't interest me.<br />This book is very well written, will keep your attention and at times will challenge your brain.  I found some parts where I had to re-read it several times just to understand what Neal was writing about.<br />I would highly recommend this book it is a pleasure to read.
B00005B4GU|2.0|A BIG disappointment! As a Radiohead fan of 7 years, I could harldy bear listening to this unfortunate collection of uninspiring, dull and catastrophic music without an interval. &quot;Dollars And Cents,&quot; they say. Easy way of making plenty -- that's what Amnesiac is, really.
B000002IST|3.0|After a 5 year hiatus, Collins, Banks, and Rutherford returned with an album showing that they have not lost their magic touch, but which also still shows the inconsistencies that mark their history as a trio.<br />The album's centerpieces are the long-form epics Driving The Last Spike and Fading Lights.  Last Spike tells the story of the building of the British railroads in the 19th century as seen through one worker's eyes, evoking the passion of previous Genesis epics.  The song begins wistfully, slowly building up steam, before launching into a pulsating, Who-ish rocker.  Fading Lights also begins slowly, is then transformed by one of Banks' best keyboard solos in several years along with Collins' trademark rock-solid drumming, and then eases out into some rather pedestrian and thin guitar work from Mr. Rutherford.  I'm afraid that Rutherford as a lead guitarist has never done much for me - although talented, he is certainly no Steve Hackett, let alone the Claptons and Gilmours of the world.<br />Other highlights from WCD include the powerful No Son Of Mine (a tale of child and emotional abuse), the jaunty Jesus, He Knows Me (an amusing poke in the eye of televangelists), and Dreaming While You Sleep.  And there is the requisite adult-contemporary pop song - Hold On My Heart, which is actually quite strong for what it is, although many hard-core fans revile it.  Fading Lights, Dreaming, and Hold all display Banks' considerable skills at creating rich sonic landscapes and backdrops with his keyboards<br />What's left consists of the bluesy, guitar-driven I Can't Dance (a tongue-in-cheek parody of middle-age), and the usual pleasantly trite filler (such as Never A Time) that one has come to expect from Collins-era Genesis<br />Overall, not a bad album, and Fading Lights represents a fitting swan song to this configuration.  With the benefit of hindsight, I wish this is how Genesis could have closed the book, not with the disaster known as Calling All Stations which would ultimately follow
B000002B35|4.0|Alas, how I tire of the Pre-Roger Waters Floyd Vs. Post-Roger Waters Floyd debate. When Waters and Dave Gilmore were together and getting along, yes, it was truly magic. They were the ying and the yang that gave the band its balance and enabled it to produce such flawless efforts as &quot;Dark Side of the Moon,&quot; &quot;Animals,&quot; &quot;Wish You Were Here,&quot; and &quot;The Wall.&quot;<br />But this is rock 'n' roll and egos are easily trod upon. And with the way Waters was going -- his megalomania growing daily --odds are Pink Floyd would have suffered even if he had stayed. Need proof? Just look at and listen to &quot;The Final Cut,&quot; Floyd's last LP with Waters. It's hardly a Pink Floyd album... it's a Roger Waters album.<br />Water's talent and what he contributed to the band are undeniable. But his former bandmates could no longer tolerate him and have resolved to grow up and move on and maybe it's time for some of you fans to do the same. We will always have our Floyd albums on which Roger played and can break them out any time we want.<br />But it shouldn't blind us to what Pink Floyd has been up to since his departure. While the two studio albums (&quot;A Momentary Lapse of Reason&quot; and &quot;The Division Bell&quot;) they've made in the nearly two decades since Waters' departure are not as consistant or as deeply textured as the band's mid 70s work, there are still plenty of delightful gems throughout those recordings.<br />This is what brings us to &quot;Pulse,&quot; their most recent live release and one of the finest offerings in the Pink Floyd canon. For on &quot;Pulse,&quot; the band takes the best songs &quot;...Lapse of Reason&quot; and &quot;Division Bell&quot; have to offer, reworks them in this live setting which toughens them up a bit, and offers them to you all in this one collection.<br />The album also includes the entire &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot; LP played live. While the band has done this before, it's the first timeit's been recorded for commercial release. And it's done beautifully here. Additionally, there is plenty of stuff from &quot;The Wall&quot; (Comfortably Numb, Hey You, etc.) and delightful versions of Shine On You Crazy Diamond and Wish You Were Here. The band even reaches way back to the Sid Barrett days and trots out one of his acid-soaked compositions, Astronomy Domine. (Throw in someone from &quot;Animals&quot; and it gets five stars!) It's very cool hearing this early material right along with latter songs like Keep Talking and Learning To Fly.<br />The production and performances on this 2-CD package (and it's quite an interesting &quot;package&quot;) are, as you might imagine, flawless.<br />So, if you can finally stop the petulant pouting over Waters' departure and face the fact that the band doesn't seem to miss him all that much, you can relax and enjoy this somewhat remarkable recording. If not, then congratulations! You've been re-elected mayor of Bitter Town. Population: you.
B000002LIX|5.0|I've long been a tad baffled as to why everyone thinks this album is Jane's best. I lived in Los Angeles back in 1987 just as the band was taking off, and I got their albums progressively (Live, Nothing's Shocking then Ritual) and I've played the hell out of TWO copies of Nothing's Shocking since then. It's a remarkable piece of work.  But Ritual De Lo Habitual? Of course I like it, it's Jane's. But God it's got a lot of filler on it. Three Days is way too long an explanation for what it's like to have a menage a trois, Then She Did is much better live (plus it's a platform for Steven Perkins to show how triplets and paradiddles should be done) and the mix is just too...produced in general. I like the energy of the first few songs, but after that the album seems a little too reflective. In the words of the man himself, &quot;No talking and all action&quot; would have been preferable to me. Nothing became shocking a little too quickly.
B00005IBGQ|5.0|&quot;Poses&quot; continues Rufus Wainwright's brilliant and insightful journey of self discovery that he began in his compelling debut CD. While, on the first CD, he saw the world through an aching, burning romantic haze with an almost unbearable intensity, &quot;Poses&quot; mutes that intensity just like adulthood tones down youthful passions and replaces them with realistic insight as to how the world truly functions. <br />&quot;Cigarettes and Choclate Milk&quot; is the perfect song with which to frame this journey. It is precisely the &quot;cravings&quot; mentioned in the song that lead him to the heartbreak and emptiness that he so poignantly expresses in the remainder of the tunes on the CD. &quot;I suggest reading of a 'lesson in tightropes' or 'Adios Kansas', he cries, as the world he has seen on his journey is not what he expected or wanted. <br />The song &quot;Poses&quot; beautifully articulates the emptiness he feels in the world in which he has found himself. &quot;I did go from wanting to be someone...now I'm drunk and wearing flip flops on Fifth Avenue...&quot;  In &quot;Shadows&quot; he laments, &quot;I could be a great star..I'm far from happy.&quot;<br />Although his romantic spirit has been dampened by the harshness of the world, he has not lost it entirely. Deep down inside he knows that love is the &quot;copious prize&quot;. &quot;The sights of Paris pale inside your iris..I saw it in your eyes what I'm looking for..,&quot; he croons in &quot;The Tower of Learning&quot;- sentiments as unabashedly romantic as any lyrics on his debut CD. <br />&quot;One man Guy&quot; serves a double purpose. This beautiful folkish melody written by his father illustrates the self reliance he was forced to learn all through his journey, but it also reinforces the romantic ideal that he truly has not lost.<br />Rufus Wainwright is undoubtedly one of the most gifted musical artists of his generation, and this extraordinary CD, with its lush musical arrangements andpenetrating, reflective lyrics just serves to confirm this. I think he has only just begun to mine his enormous talent.
B00005LB9O|4.0|The Travis mellowing trend continues with The Invisible Band. The progression between Good Feeling and The Man Who was obviously immense. The two albums were completely different sounds; One raw and at times aggressive, one polished and mellow. Bluntly stated, this is the obvious follow up to The Man Who. A bit softer, but ultimately no major direction changes (such as done by Radiohead). If Travis were a real person, we'd have caught them red-handed wearing the same underwear two times in a row. Fortunately, their music style is so simply effective that they get away with it. Deserves 3-1/2 stars more then 4...but being it's Travis...they get the edge.
630512762X|3.0|Er, it's not *that* good. At the time, the critics went a bit mad and proclaimed this as the greatest action movie of all time, but it isn't. Essentially, John Woo is a superb director of action sequences, but pretty lousy otherwise, and 'Face / Off' suffers from having lots of 'otherwise'. There are only two or three proper, 'Hard-Boiled'-style action setpieces, and for the rest of the film there's an awful lot of talking. Both Cage and Travolta are fine, although the latter seems to be starting to bulge out of his suit,. but the plot is ludicrous, the talky bits go on too long and don't add a great deal to the film, and there's the sense that, even today, Woo is being held back by Hollywood convention. I mean, the last half of 'Hard Boiled' was essentially a long action sequence with no plot, and it worked; but here, there's lots and lots of plot but surprisingly little action. It's influenced a generation of rap videos, though, what with the flapping coats.
B00004XONN|5.0|Although I could not say that this album is as close to me as OK Computer, it is pretty....close.  So close that I will also label it brilliant and moving and any other overused but quite necessary positive adjective that you can think of.  Buy it and give it a couple of listens and you will be hooked by the change in these excellent musicians and artists.
B000003S0F|2.0|King Crimson went on the road in 1971 for the first time in almost two years; they'd been a Robert Fripp studio project for the previous two albums, but the Crimson that recorded Islands was a BAND.  Granted, the band's limitations become obvious quickly; Islands is probably the weakest King Crimson album, at least before the 90s, with snippets of good material lost in boredom.  The tunes themselves aren't very good, and the band lacks the instrumental pyrotechnics to overcome that hurdle.  Plus, Boz Burrell's vocals are poor qaulity.  The album starts out slowly with \\"Fromentera Lady\\", but the song improves after the main melody starts.  Mel Collins's saxophone and the female soprano intertwine nicely here, before the track segues into the \\"Sailor's Tale\\".  This one really cooks; Collins does his best Pharoah Sanders imitation over the jazzy groove, and then Fripp comes in with a noisy, detuned-banjo type solo that needs to be heard.  After almost 20 minutes, you can probably press STOP on your CD player, because the rest of the album isn't very good. \\"Ladies of the Road\\" is a tune with potential that gets a little lost (the Beatles-esque harmonies are beautiful and the raunch of Pete Sinfield's tribute to groupies is amusing -- don't see many groupies in Crimson concerts nowadays), \\"Prelude: Song of the Gulls\\" is pleasant quasi-classical filler, and \\"Islands\\" will put you to sleep with its length (nice cornet solo, though).  I can't find anything good to say about \\"The Letters\\". Anyway, Islands is for completists; after touring for this album, Fripp would break up this lineup and put together a much stronger group.
B0000027I6|2.0|Waters packs his songs full of &quot;too many&quot; words. His themes are compelling, but he could have been better served editing his material by half. What he sings is almost unlistenable, like a combination of Bob Dylan and Mark Knopfler. Arrangements and mix and instrumentation are good, particularly the guitar work of Jeff Beck. I came away disappointed. THe brief instrumental &quot;Ballad of Bill Hubbard&quot;, all by itself, said what Waters wanted to say with the entire album.
B00003CXRM|2.0|Whenever I read a review of a movie written and directed by Joel and Ethan Coen, I invariably see the words &quot;original&quot; and &quot;quirky&quot; in the description of the film.  But after renting and watching &quot;Oh Brother, Where Art Thou&quot;, I am coming to the conclusion that &quot;original&quot; and &quot;quirky&quot; does not necessarily make a great film.<br />I wanted to enjoy &quot;Oh Brother, Where Art Thou&quot; and I did think that the cinematography was excellent and the old-time songs were terrific, but this movie is harmed by too many long, drawn out scenes that do little to advance the plot.  I cite as examples the three convicts meeting the three women at the lake/river, the entire governor election subplot and the George &quot;Babyface&quot; Nelson sequence.  These scenes contain actors I enjoy watching (Charles Durning and Michael Badalucco from &quot;The Practice&quot;), but they do little to move the story along and I wondered if they were included just to make sure this movie was a reasonable length for a Coen movie (because without them, the movie would be about an hour long).<br />I think that the three convicts (George Clooney, John Turturro and Tim Blake Nelson) each have their moments, but there just isn't enough meat in the story to make their performances that interesting in general.  I will say that Clooney makes a great slimy character.<br />The Coen brothers have become established enough that just about anything they do will garner praise from the critics.  In some movies, like &quot;Fargo&quot; and &quot;Raising Arizona&quot;, the praise is well-deserved, but in others, like &quot;The Big Lebowski&quot; and &quot;The Hudsucker Proxy&quot;, it isn't.  I have to put this movie with the latter category.  Better luck next time, Joel and Ethan.
B00003CWTI|3.0|It should be admired for being so ambitious so I hate having to constantly be a devil's advocate to the lavish praise being heaped onto the film.  Magnolia is what I like to call a conceptual masterpiece, but it is far from being a masterpiece in the narrative sense.  I highly admired the film but felt that the stories in the film were there only to serve THE POINT.  And the basic structure is too familiar to the one seen in Altman's 'Short Cuts'.  P.T. Anderson's use of the musical soundtrack and the way he frames also reminded me alot of Scorsese's work.  I like the scene in which all the characters took turns singing the same song.  It's a bold scene but it's also very familiar in our media culture that has been saturated with all sorts of post-modernistic tricks.  Such cinematic non sequiturs deliberately call attention to themselves that they take away from the visceral power of the film.  Sometimes these tricks work, such as in the the final scenes to Spike Lee's 'He Got Game' and Hal Ashby's 'Being There' but it didn't work for me here.  And the examination of coincidence vs. divine intervention has been examined previously as well, most notably in Kieslowski's films, and in particular, 'Red'.  And the BIG scene at the end is just a more jaw-dropping and head-shaking version of the ones seen in Lars von Trier's 'Breaking the Waves' and Neil Jordan's 'The End of the Affair'.  Don't get me wrong because I don't mean to diss P.T. Anderson.  I think he will be a great director.  I think he has a masterpiece in him.  But right now, I think he has yet to find his own vision and compensates for this by borrowing from the masters.  Even his first feature, 'Hard Eight' was familiar in a Tarantino sort of way, although it's still my favourite P.T. Anderson film.  And I also think he needs to show more restraint.  His tendency to try to 'wow' his audience gets him in trouble because it tends to do a disservice to the plot.  I admired 'Magnolia's climactic scene but I also felt it was too gimmicky.  It reminded me of the firecracker/'Sister Christian' scene in 'Boogie Nights', which was an unbearably tense scene but it called so much attention to itself that it became a distraction.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|I want to watch this movie again!  I don't think I've fully digested the many images and artistic influences Baz Luhrmann has decided to inhabit this majestic movie.  Quite a treat and highly recommended.  Ewan McGregor shows his amazing talent, and Nicole Kidman displays a very courgeous attitude toward the requirements of her role.  She surpasses all expectations.  My one complaint is that Baz provides such an emotional roller-coaster for the viewer, that he doesn't allow us to linger on any single emotion for too long.  He turns from comedy to drama at a drop of the hat.  But, then again, that is precisely what makes this film extraordinary.  Moulin Rouge is maddeningly gorgeous and breathtaking.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Ok anything I could say about the album whould just be covering ground already covered.  So I won't.  However I will say that this album changed: the way I look at life, my musical interests, my passions, my creative endeavors, and the way I spent most of my free time(listening to this album instead of anything else).  Also, I used to wholeheartedly believe that the Beatles were the best band of the 20th century.  Now because of this album I don't think I can honestly say that anymore.  Buy this album and cradle it like a baby--or let it cradle you--either way.
B000002TYX|5.0|Casi todas las sesiones y actuaciones importantes realizadas por los Cuatro Grandes est&aacute;n en el inmenso cat&aacute;logo pirata. La EMI bien gracias, haci&eacute;ndose la vista gorda: &quot;no sabemos nada&quot;. Los fans como mi grupo de amigos se regodeaban con todas esas joyitas que aqu&iacute; se adquir&iacute;an primeramente en informales del centro de Lima y luego, con la llegada de los CDs, hasta en algunas tiendas lime&ntilde;as. &quot;&iquest;Por qu&eacute; la EMI no lanzar&aacute; estas cosas con una mejor calidad de sonido?&quot; nos pregunt&aacute;bamos siempre que escuch&aacute;bamos un tema de los archivos.<br />El resumen de material in&eacute;dito m&aacute;s interesante, aunque de sonido defectuoso debido a las innumerables copias, es una colecci&oacute;n ilegal de 2 cajas de CDs qu&iacute;ntuples llamadas The Beatles Artifacts 1 &amp; 2 aparecida entre 1993 y 1994 y editada por un supuesto &quot;sello&quot; discogr&aacute;fico &quot;italiano&quot; (se rumorea que la mayor&iacute;a de CDs piratas que vemos en las tiendas se manufacturan en Panam&aacute; o en alguna otra zona franca, lo cual no puedo demostrar). Esta colecci&oacute;n nos permit&iacute;a sumergirnos en magn&iacute;ficos instantes de la vida de los Beatles como las sesiones de su primer &aacute;lbum; la famos&iacute;sima presentaci&oacute;n en el Show de Ed Sullivan; Paul cantando el hermoso tema That Means A Lot; una versi&oacute;n de 17 minutos de Strawberry Fields Forever -empezando con John ensay&aacute;ndola con su guitarra hasta la versi&oacute;n orquestada con m&uacute;sica de c&aacute;mara y cuarteto de cuerdas- y los ensayos hind&uacute;es de George Harrison llevando la m&uacute;sica de occidente hacia niveles m&aacute;s avanzados de entendimiento. La colecci&oacute;n Artifacts ten&iacute;a fallas de audio imperdonables, pero val&iacute;a la pena conseguirla o copiarla debido a su contenido hist&oacute;rico (eso es lo bueno de los piratas, que no se complican la vida con derechos e impuestos). Mis amigos y yo est&aacute;bamos seguros de que era la mano de Paul la que hab&iacute;a rebuscado, extra&iacute;do y publicado tan maravillosas reliquias; lo cual nunca se podr&aacute; probar del todo ya que ning&uacute;n fan querr&iacute;a acusar a su &iacute;dolo de evasi&oacute;n de impuestos. Y es que ahora Paul recibe menos regal&iacute;as por sus canciones de las que recibe el mayor accionista, Michael Jackson (quien pag&oacute; una millonada por los derechos de Lennon-McCartney) o Yoko Ono (debido a una ley inglesa que pensiona a las viudas e hijos de autores fallecidos). Por eso es que Paul gana una miseria si alguien graba legalmente Yesterday, escrita por &eacute;l pero fichada como Lennon-McCartney en los registros, lo cual creo que fue un error. Me imagino a Paul quej&aacute;ndose de esto con su esposa Linda: &quot;No puede ser que otro gane m&aacute;s que yo por canciones que yo mismo escrib&iacute;. Encima tengo que pagar impuestos, que me quitan el 80% de mis ganancias y ni EMI ni Capitol Records mueven un dedo por m&iacute; ni por mi pasado. Ni contar con ellos para difundir estas rarezas que mis fans esperan.&quot; Una nota curiosa que me hizo sospechar: en las libretas mal impresas que vienen con la colecci&oacute;n Artifacts, aparece m&aacute;s veces la cara de Paul que las de los dem&aacute;s escarabajos.<br />La Apple Corporations reconoci&oacute;, por fin, la existencia de esos archivos ya violados por los piratas y sus ejecutivos dijeron: &quot;Tenemos que mostrarlos. S&oacute;lo hay aproximadamente diez horas de material original de los Beatles y poseemos m&aacute;s de trescientas. Tenemos que darles una paliza a los Piratas de una buena vez&quot;. En diciembre de 1994 la EMI lanza The Beatles Live at The BBC, con casi sesenta canciones que fueron parte de su repertorio en sus continuas visitas a la emisora radial British Broadcasting Corporations entre 1962 a 1965. Esta obra maestra ten&iacute;a la noble misi&oacute;nde tantear el mercado y ver la respuesta del p&uacute;blico que esperaba ansioso el material in&eacute;dito prometido a inicios de 1994. El &aacute;lbum lleg&oacute; al tope en las listas brit&aacute;nicas y al Top Ten en Estados Unidos y la EMI dio luz verde al proyecto Anthology: un &aacute;lbum enorme de rarezas y un especial de TV que reun&iacute;a a los tres Beatles vivos para que cuenten, en sus propias palabras, su gran ascenso al Olimpo de la m&uacute;sica. Contaban con Jeff Lynne (de ELO) como productor para los nuevos singles Free As A Bird y Real Love, las cintas caseras de John que Yoko entreg&oacute; a Paul a inicios de 1994.<br />  Anthology 1 contiene los primeros intentos de los Quarrymen registrados en fr&aacute;giles discos de carb&oacute;n de 78rpm; nos lleva a Hamburgo y redescubrimos la tradicional y nost&aacute;lgica My Bonnie, cantada por Tony Sheridan y producida por Bert Kaempfert. Incluye adem&aacute;s temas de algunas de sus presentaciones m&aacute;s notables como la del London Palladium ante la Familia Real (es ah&iacute; donde John, antes de cantar Twist and Shout, pide a la concurrencia de la cazuela aplaudir y a la nobleza que cascabelee sus joyas). Lo m&aacute;s sorprendente de este vol&uacute;men es la nitidez de las sesiones para la Decca records. En 1962 John, Paul, George y el baterista Pete Best grabaron unos demos que fueron rechazados despu&eacute;s por los ejecutivos de la disquera. Alguno de ellos habr&iacute;a dicho: &quot;Hay demasiados grupos mediocres con guitarras que en cualquier momento pasar&aacute;n de moda. No son rentables&quot;. Despu&eacute;s de ver el enorme &eacute;xito en Inglaterra de aquellos melenudos antes despreciados por ellos, Decca no dud&oacute; en contratar a los Rolling Stones apenas se presentaron. Contiene adem&aacute;s breves comentarios en distintas &eacute;pocas de Lennon, McCartney y Brian Epstein, el manager que los hizo supergrupo; junto con las poderosas sesiones de sus cuatro primeros &aacute;lbumes.n, en sus propias palabras, su gran ascenso al Olimpo de la msica. Contaban con Jeff Lynne (de ELO) como productor para los nuevos singles Free As A Bird y Real Love, las cintas caseras de John que Yoko entreg a Paul a inicios de 1994.<br />  Anthology 1 contiene los primeros intentos de los Quarrymen registrados en frgiles discos de carbn de 78rpm; nos lleva a Hamburgo y redescubrimos la tradicional y nostlgica My Bonnie, cantada por Tony Sheridan y producida por Bert Kaempfert. Incluye adems temas de algunas de sus presentaciones ms notables como la del London Palladium ante la Familia Real (es ah donde John, antes de cantar Twist and Shout, pide a la concurrencia de la cazuela aplaudir y a la nobleza que cascabelee sus joyas). Lo ms sorprendente de este volmen es la nitidez de las sesiones para la Decca records. En 1962 John, Paul, George y el baterista Pete Best grabaron unos demos que fueron rechazados despus por los ejecutivos de la disquera. Alguno de ellos habra dicho: &quot;Hay demasiados grupos mediocres con guitarras que en cualquier momento pasarn de moda. No son rentables&quot;. Despus de ver el enorme xito en Inglaterra de aquellos melenudos antes despreciados por ellos, Decca no dud en contratar a los Rolling Stones apenas se presentaron. Contiene adems breves comentarios en distintas pocas de Lennon, McCartney y Brian Epstein, el manager que los hizo supergrupo; junto con las poderosas sesiones de sus cuatro primeros lbumes.
B000056K04|1.0|To anyone who claims &quot;Everyday&quot; to be a good showing of Dave's talent...well then you're right. To anyone who claims &quot;Everyday&quot; to be a good showing of The Dave Matthew's Band...well you couldn't be more lost.  Dave should of saved Carter and Tinsley's time and just hired some studio musicians for this lack luster performance.  I refuse to ever believe that Dave has gone cuckoo, but firing Lillywhite for Ballard was just awful.  Think of it this way, Lillywhite produced Phish, which although some Dave fans might not care, they do play a similiar genre of music. However, Ballard produced Alanis?! Were is the connection? Unless Dave is on some sort of pop-MTV binge, then he needs to listen to his fans, which from my understanding, are quite confused by &quot;Everyday&quot;
B00003CXC7|4.0|Almost impossible to view this restored classic on its own merits because almost every scene reminds me of similar scenes in other copycat movies.  I imagine that back in 1954, the subject of voyeurism was relatively risque, although it was probably becoming more and more relevant as the popularity of TV allowed ample opportunities to peer into other people's lives.  But voyeurism is such a banal topic today in our constantly online world.  And don't forget that voyeurism is also a major plot point in most trashy films made since the 60's.  But it was nice to see a film that was so respectful of the audience's intelligence.  The opening sequence gave more background information about the protagonist than 15 minutes worth of expository dialogue.  The climax, although not pumped with as much adrenaline as contemporary thrillers, was refreshing for its simplicity.
0805047905|5.0|This is a great book for preschoolers and beginning readers. The text repeats (reinforces word recognition and speech patterns) and the colors are vivid. My toddler actually learned his colors partially because of this book. He loves to look at the faces of the children and points out body parts.
B00005B4GU|5.0|One of the reviews i read here said there are only two clear singles, and that should tell you something about the rest of the album.  We're not talking about Blink-182 here, folks, this is a Serious Piece of MUSIC.  That's right, people still make music that is interesting, challenging, thoughtful, and full of real soul.  This is one of the most human albums i have heard in a long time.  This is not Kid A part deux as many would have us believe.  The sound is entirely different: more restrained arrangements (with a few exceptions), more complex harmonic and melodic progressions, and above all each track sounds completely unique.  It's not a &quot;concept album&quot; like OK Computer or Kid A, but it's not an alternative rock album like Pablo Honey or The Bends.  This is very mature music: no overblown orgasms of sound, no reliance on a single catchy riff or beat.  Excellent songwriting, excellent instrument playing, excellent singing, tasteful arrangements and absolutely flawless production make this an intense and rewarding listening experience.  Don't disrespect radiohead because you can't wrap your brain around them: let the music wrap you up.  The first great album of the new millenium!
B00003CXN4|1.0|this movie was INCREDIBLY boring. it's a waste of 2 1/2 hours. You're better off with Gladiator or even Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon
1586210912|5.0|This book is a great start for anyone looking for financial independence. Don't mind about the bad reviews. Some people just expect a secret formula for all their problems and that's why they never get anywhere. I highly recommend it.
B000003N7K|5.0|...in fact, this album should be pictured in the dictionary under the entry for 'smooth'.  A more perfect combination couldn't be imagined -- Johnny Hartman's rich, smooth voice aided and abetted by John Coltrane's sax, backed by the finest players that ever accompanied the sax great.  Mix that with some of the classiest ballads ever written, and you have an album that is essential to ANY serious collection.<br />Every single track on this cd is a gem.  Hartman pours out the words like honey -- Coltrane and McCoy Tyner play simply gorgeous 'backing' parts, and Jimmy Garrison and Elvin Jones provide their inimitable foundation to it all.<br />There's not a note out of place -- and all the musicians shine like stars in the night sky, without getting in each other's way or stepping on any toes, true masters at their craft, and loving every minute of it.  You can hear that love of this music on this disc.
0679882820|4.0|&quot;Oh, the wonderful sounds Mr. Brown can do&quot; and now you can, too! Can you immitate the sound of a cork or horse feet? Your little one will love to hear you bring these wonderful sounds to life. But don't worry, Mr. Brown is very helpful and soon you'll be able to sound like a cow, too. &quot;Moo Moo&quot;
B00004T8RK|4.0|If you are new to Pearl Jam, by all means go out and buy Ten, Vs., or one of their bootleg live albums (Spodek, Milan, or Philadelphia) if you are a diehard PJ fan and have the rest of their CD's don't stop at just that...the good majority of Binaural won't dissapoint. The album is very good but not necessarily great.  It doesn't really begin until the fourth track &quot;Light Years&quot; and just gets more interesting from there.  I could do without the first three tracks, &quot;Breakerfall&quot;, &quot;God's Dice&quot;, and &quot;Evacuation&quot;, though each have their moments.  Evacuation, with it's repetitive chorus gets a little annoying and comes off sounding like Soundgarden (no big surprise here since it was Matt Cameron-penned). Thin Air is catchy and seems to follow in the vein of 50's pop that PJ resurrected with the success of the remake Last Kiss.  &quot;It's not in my past to presume / Love can keep on moving in both directions / how to be happy and true / is the quest we're taking on together.&quot;  Is this the same PJ that was eternally pissed off and proclaimed that &quot;this was not for you&quot;?  It's a nice pure love song written by Stone Gossard and would sound great and at home on summer-time radio, though that's not where PJ makes its mark.  The albums true highlights are &quot;Insignificance&quot; and &quot;Greivance&quot;, two Vedder-authored rockers.  PJ is best when they are railing for a cause or purging their demons through anger and Vedder and Company do it brilliantly here. I picture the bombs reigning down over Belgrade and Vedder reacting to it by writing Insignificance.  Mike McCready's sonic spiralling guitar reinforce the words of &quot;bombs dropping down.&quot;  And then there is Matt Cameron's drumming pounding home the impact of the bomb's explosions.  This one's powerful. Greivance was inspired by the WTO riots in PJ's hometown of Seattle, though to date it's hard to pinpoint exactly what they were protesting.  Nevertheless, Vedder's never been too fond of the rich and it shows once again here.  Vedder growls and spits out &quot;Progress laced with ramifications...for every tool they lend us a loss of independence.&quot;  These two songs are worth the price of admission alone. Other stand-outs are the Eastern-tinged blues groove of &quot;Of the Girl&quot;, the powerful meditation on settling for a mediocre life without planning on it in &quot;Sleight of Hand&quot; and the albums closer, a vision of a future break-up, &quot;Parting Ways.&quot;  Of note, Cameron's sister lends her artistic talent playing strings on the latter. Vedder's ukelele offering, &quot;Soon Forget&quot; shows that PJ can still be playful, willing to experiment, and not afraid to put a song on a record because they want to musically, and not because it will sell.  The whole band contributes here to the writing of the lyrics and music and it shows with a variety of different sounds.  Though it is far from PJ's best, it still is very good.  The bonus track, &quot;Writer's Block&quot; hints that Vedder may have had some difficulty summoning up the muse.  In addition, Tchad Blake produces here, who is a technician for his Binaural type recording method (several microphones placed all over the studio), but not a musician.  The regular PJ producer Brendan O' Brien is a Producer and a musician.  Bring O' Brien back, let Vedder find his muse, don't let Matt Cameron write another Evacuation, and then watch out...Pearl Jam's best is yet to come, possibly topping off their pinnacle work, &quot;No Code&quot;.  Ditch the first 3 songs of Binaural and you've got a great listen here.  Get this CD if you are a Pearl Jam fan.  If you aren't there are better introductions out there to this phenomenal rock band.ess, Vedder's never been too fond of the rich and it shows once again here.  Vedder growls and spits out &quot;Progress laced with ramifications...for every tool they lend us a loss of independence.&quot;  These two songs are worth the price of admission alone. Other stand-outs are the Eastern-tinged blues groove of &quot;Of the Girl&quot;, the powerful meditation on settling for a mediocre life without planning on it in &quot;Sleight of Hand&quot; and the albums closer, a vision of a future break-up, &quot;Parting Ways.&quot;  Of note, Cameron's sister lends her artistic talent playing strings on the latter. Vedder's ukelele offering, &quot;Soon Forget&quot; shows that PJ can still be playful, willing to experiment, and not afraid to put a song on a record because they want to musically, and not because it will sell.   The whole band contributes here to the writing of the lyrics and music and it shows with a variety of different sounds.  Though it is far from PJ's best, it still is very good.  The bonus track, &quot;Writer's Block&quot; hints that Vedder may have had some difficulty summoning up the muse.  In addition, Tchad Blake produces here, who is a technician for his Binaural type recording method (several microphones placed all over the studio), but not a musician.  The regular PJ producer Brendan O' Brien is a Producer and a musician.  Bring O' Brien back, let Vedder find his muse, don't let Matt Cameron write another Evacuation, and then watch out...Pearl Jam's best is yet to come, possibly topping off their pinnacle work, &quot;No Code&quot;.  Ditch the first 3 songs of Binaural and you've got a great listen here.   Get this CD if you are a Pearl Jam fan.  If you aren't there are better introductions out there to this phenomenal rock band.
B000056K04|2.0|I thought &quot;Everyday&quot;  was not the best that I know the DMB could have done.  This, I think is just a little mistake or something.  He will get it back, and comeback with an awesome CD-probably in the spring of 2003.  I have faith in you guys!
B00003CXP1|5.0|I kid you not, this movie affected me more and hit harder than any movie I have ever seen before.  Being a fan of PI, Aronofsky's other flick, I checked this out on a whim.  I had no idea what I was in for-- this movie is simply incredible.
B00003CXRM|4.0|And to think, the Coen bros. never even read &quot;The Odyssey&quot;! Typically smart, funny dialogue and a unique cast of characters make this a must-buy for fans of the bros. Coen. Joel and Ethan bleach most of the color out of the images, creating a stark, dusty, &quot;antique&quot; feel to the film that really adds a sense of the period it takes place in. I think the best improvement that was made on this DVD was the inclusion of additional material. A good &quot;making of&quot; featurette, and two other really neat items, one being the digital coloring process, the other, a slick storyboard/live action function that allows you to watch two scenes AND the storyboards they're based on at the same time. If you've got the capacity for abstract thinking, buy this! Otherwise you might find yourself in a tight spot.
0394800184|3.0|Simple storyline with a happy ending. My 2-1/2 year old son has enjoyed this book since we bought it. He loves to &quot;read&quot; the responses to the lost little bird's incessant &quot;Are You My Mother?&quot; My only peeve is the boring colors.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|When the Pawn... is a perfect example of why music is powerful, why it touches people, and why it can fill us up in the most wonderful of ways.  If you do not own this CD there is something seriously wrong with you.  I order you to buy this, not as a fanatic, but as a genuine lover of popular music - Beatles, Aretha Franklin, Nirvana, Radiohead, and now, Fiona Apple.  It is an essential addition to any collection of the best CDs from the greatest artists.  <br />What makes Fiona Apple's ingenius When the Pawn... truly magnificent (and I use this word sparsely but in this case it applies) is that other than being nearly addictive to listen to, When the Pawn... conveys the universal theme of the struggle of a human being to better understand and improve his or herself and the way he or she interacts with other people.  Apple expresses this theme with focused melodies, introspective relationship lyrics, taut rhythm-heavy producing, and a voice, moody and angst-ridden as it may be, that is the calm in the middle of the most electric of storms- a wise old sage in the form of a 22 year old that balances out the ferocity of the words.  And Apple makes no mistake about the purpose of the album- it's all about her emotional problems; she knows she has no right dabbling in songwriting territory she doesn't belong in (i.e. abstract lyrics about current events, fictional people and situations, etc.)  <br />What separates Fiona Apple from being whiny and truly psychotic is that there is a struggle occurring- she WANTS to be better instead of wallowing, and plus her range as a vocalist, pianist, and songwriter is audible during every note, the telling sign that this young woman is the real thing- a real talent from a technical standpoint.  <br />When the Pawn... is hardly just a songwriting and lyrical breakthrough though, it's a humanistic breakthrough- proving that sometimes that strange animal called a human can be capable of conveying the qualities of sensitivity, honesty, and intelligence (not to mention an important theme) all through the powerful medium of music.
B000002G8L|5.0|I have gone through 3 tapes of this and just returned here to rebuy the CD. Why is it that some material is timeless and others fizzle out and into oblivion? Either way, there is substance to this mans playing that I haven't heard in but a few other guitar players. To me, this means he is one of the most gifted phrasers in the game. Please, never buy into the concept that speed playing, difficult theory such as in jazz, or even classical guitar, are better forms of music than blues/rock such as Mr. Clapton has mastered. This CD is evidence that being amongst the finest player in any genre makes you worthy of praise. An educated ear will hear the genius of Clapton throughout this CD. I ask you to especially listen closely to &quot;Double Trouble&quot;....not only is his phrasing sublime but there are gaps towards the end where he plays nothing at all. I'm guessing 99% of today's players would force something in those bars.......wouldn't they? Of course they would! Sometimes its the economy of phrasing...what you don't say that is best. Give this CD a chance and catch Eric singing and playing amongst his finest ever.
6305622930|5.0|In a classic moment in this movie, the character of General Patton says how he believes it was his destiny to find himself in charge of armored forces at that precise moment in history.  The same could be said for George C. Scott, who had the performance of a lifetime playing this role.  Karl Malden is perfect as General Bradley, the quiet, deliberate foil to the tempestuous and brash Patton.  The chemistry between these two actors truly makes the movie, which richly deserved to win an Academy Award for Best Picture.<br />The technical accuracy is good -- although some equipment isn't vintage (i.e., the tanks), some is (i.e., the very impressive German He-111 bombers).  The combat scenes are believable and well integrated into the plot.  No pointless special effects or violence in this movie.  The cinematography is beautifully executed, and everything is tied together with the haunting musical score.  I thought the DVD transfer was very well done, and appreciated the &quot;Making of&quot; special feature.<br />I've seen this movie several times over the years, and each time I have been moved.  Moments will come back to you, like Patton surveying the Carthaginian ruins and musing on his past lives.  Beyond a wonderful exploration of one of the most brilliant, impulsive, outrageous and infuriating persons of modern times, this movie is a truly worthwhile experience.
B00003CXRP|5.0|Nobody seems to get the real point of this film.  All of the reviews and comments focus on the superficial plot and character aspects.  There is an underlying spiritual message; that nobody is lost! Noland is cast away from the love of his life and forgotten by all but God (the whale, you know he is bigger than life) he saves Noland.  It is interesting that he does this after Nolands' invented friend Wilson also leaves him alone.
B00003CXRM|1.0|I enjoy the Coen Brothers; I even own The Big Lebowski on DVD.  But this movie did absolutely NOTHING for me.  I may have laughed once...may have.  All of the actors were very good, Clooney excelled and Blake's facial expressions were precious, but the movie did not pull the me in.  I wanted to like it and tried to do so.  This movie just does not tell the story effectively.  If it did, I would have cared when one of the characters was getting whipped.  I should have been impressed with the ending catastrophe, but wasn't.  And John Goodman's appearance is an insult to his talent.  If you like Coen Brothers movie generally, take my advice and skip this one.  You won't be missing a thing.
B00004ST9Q|5.0|This DVDis the most complete and enjoyable I own. You get Whitney's classic videos, plus special performances, 2 great interviews and the photosession of the cover (which I didn't particullary like. It was too long and they could save the space for another video or performance).<br />The videos I like the most are \\"You give good love\\", \\"How will I know\\", \\"I wanna dance with sb\\", \\"Where do broken hearts go\\", Exhale\\", \\"Run to you\\", \\"It's not right but it's ok\\" and \\"I learned from the best\\". The rest of the videos are also great, though, as well as the special performances.<br />I think the record company could have waited a little longer to release this DVD, in order to include the videos of the new tracks, like \\"Fine\\", \\"If I told you that\\" and \\"Could I have this kiss forever\\", and I really missed \\"When you believe\\", but every time I see this DVD I have a good time, and I think it's totally worth the money.<br />By the way, my copy ..., didn't include the \\"I learned from the best\\" single, but that's fine, and I didn't have problems in the end of track 14, which was GREAT
B000002HJD|5.0|Unfortunately, I was practically a toddler when Jim Morrison rocketed into fame and then crashed in flames.  But in college I found the Doors and spent many a pleasant hour turning over the music, the lyrics, the myth of Morrison in my mind.  I am not a musician; I am not a poet.  Is this great poetry?  I don't have a clue.  But I do know that An American Prayer has intrigued me for years, offering tantalizing clues to what ran through the mind of one of America's greatest performing artists.  His words are funny, irreverent, bawdy, insightful, and ultimately tortured.  For some, his words may all seem a little pretentious.  For others, including myself, they are an intriguing madman's prayer to find sense in life.  Ultimately, its worth your while to give this rider on the storm a ride.
0380002930|4.0|this book has a sort of hobbit appeal.  you get to know the rabbits and love them in a very personal way.  you feel like you can understand the meaning in their lives.  hazel is such an admirable and lovable hero.  the book transports and makes your heart soar.
0767810856|4.0|This movie is about a very nice cop who is in a dinner one day and dosen't have enough money for a tip.  He promises the young girl: If he wins the lottery he'll split it with her, or tommorow he'll give a double tip.  They win and he keeps his promise and splits it with her.  The cop's wife flips out.  They divorce, and the waitress and him get together.  Of course that's not the whole movie, but that's basically what happens.  I think you'll like this movie.  It is very touching.  I hope this was helpfull.  Bye!
0345350499|5.0|As I write this there are almost 500 reviews of this book on Amazon.com, so I'll try to keep it simple.  One of the ways to judge a great story is that when it's over, you miss the characters.  You may recognize that a book cannot go on forever, but you hate to let it go.  That was true for me with this book.<br />If you are a reader who has come to Mists via Bradley's other Avalon books, (this is the oldest book in the series, but the last in the chronology), the best is still before you.
B000001Y42|5.0|this is one hell of a cd.Big rap rock music fans  out there you will love this.
0060934913|3.0|Anthony Bourdain clearly wishes that he was a rock and roll star--a little too much.  He is self indulgent in his description of his training and apprenticeship in the kitchen.  Most disappointing is that the bulk of the book stays rather distant from what the focus of a chef's life should be:  the food.  Does Bourdain even like food?  Other than his reminiscence of sensuous experiences as a child and recounting a brief journey to Japan, the book is bereft of any embrace of the ingredients of his alleged craft.  It is obvious that Bourdain is not really a quality chef.  He is a yeoman, at best.  His focus on food cost, profit, and the number of four tops he has turned demonstrates that Bourdain would be more comfortable in the kitchen of a local TGI Fridays than a top dining room.
B00003CXP0|5.0|This was the most powerful film I've ever seen about drug addiction. If you look at films like Trainspotting (which had somewhat of a dark comic edge) and Traffic, the films at least gave the characters some sort of redemption.   Well, there are too many drug addicts in this world who never get redemption; they just fall further and further into addiction and never get out. <br />The world is filled with people who've killed themselves because they couldn't stop their addiction (Kurt Cobain for one and many others), or ended up in jail, or ended up in prostitution, or homeless, or murdered. Some people have the strength to recover, but a great many don't. The entire social and health structure of the US is not set up to help addicts recover, but to only arrest them and throw them in jail.   <br />What was amazing about this film was that not one of the characters was saved. There was no growth, no awareness, and no way out. <br />The film was only 90 minutes long, and couldn't have been any longer (it just would have been too painful).<br />This film is a great and brutal work of art, with impressive film techniques. Like all great works of art it deeply impacted me and I'm amazed that the filmakers didn't cop out to the normal Hollywood nonsense and wrap everything up with a happy ending. <br />The fact that Ellen Burstyn didn't win an Oscar for this film is truly digusting. I guess the people in Hollywood felt that the movie violated too many commercial rules and passed on it (or else they didn't have the balls to even attempt to watch it because they heard it was depressing).<br />Instead, they focused on the bland Traffic, which tells us nothing that we already know about drugs (but it had redemption).
B0000029GA|5.0|With this, his debut album, Nas let it be known that he was here to stay.  The album sparkles with his brilliant rhymes and lively beats, and there are no tracks I skip over when I pop this in my CD player.  Truly a great masterpiece in the world of hip hop, Illmatic is a must buy for even the most casual rap fan.
B000000W9Z|4.0|After the failure of 'Black Tie, White Noise', David Bowie returned to the musical scene with this conceptual album that represented the reunion of Bowie and Brian Eno once again since late 70's.<br />There are very good songs in this record, like 'I'm deranged' (included in the opening credits of the disturbing David Lynch's film 'Lost Highway'), 'Strangers When We Meet' (a new version taken from the soundtrack of 'The Buddha Of Suburbia') that contains a wonderful piano performance by Mike Garson, 'The Motel', 'Wishful Beginnings' or 'Hallo Spaceboy', to cite but a few examples. Same as its predeccesor, 'Outside' is a catalyst of various musical styles (Rock. Techno, Jazz, Pop, Ambient, Electronic music) that will be probably remembered as one of Bowie's most audacious works.<br />The booklet of the CD deals with the investigation of the art-ritual murder of a 14-year-old teen called 'Baby Grace Blue' carried out by the detective Nathan Adler. There are several characters who are represented in various segues throughout the record. These segues are spoken-words performed by Bowie himself. The atmosphere of these passages is funny and realistic.<br />In fact, 'Outside' is, in my opinion, his most respectable album since the fantastic 'Scary Monsters' from 1980. Some pieces like 'We Prick You' or 'The Voyeur of Utter Destruction' are quite Techno for me, but this record is still being an enjoyable experience and very recommended to anyone who likes Bowie's music.
B00005B4GU|4.0|Although made at the same place as Kid A, Radiohead's Amnesiac is different than Kid A. It deserves to be seperate in it's own right. Now that I've gotten that out of the way, many tracks on this CD are spectuacular, displaying more of Radiohead's singing talent than Kid A. &quot;I Might Be Wrong&quot; has a magnificent guitar riff. Hunting bears is an eerie guitar solo, and although some might say it's filler (blasphemers!), I think it's a hauntingly wonderful track that reminds me of the music from &quot;Deliverance&quot;. Although &quot;Pulk/Pull Revolving Doors&quot; and &quot;Like Spinning Plates&quot; may be a bit obnoxious, it does not impede the overall quality of this cd.
B00005B36H|3.0|Almost everything I have read about this album would lead me to believe it is the equivalent of the Beatles White Album. But alas I find it does not really live up to the hype.Tool is certainly deserving of the accolades presented to them and Lateralus is better than any of the trite rubbish that currently infests the music industry. Perhaps this why I am left a little disapointed. There are scores of great moments but the songs as a whole seems to be the weakness of Lateralus. The Grudge is classic Tool but the ending measures dont seem to have a place in the song. The Patient starts off great but drifts off into a long ,dull movement that features an unappealing melody and far too much eratic, non-supportive drum overkill. Ticks and Leeches would be perfect if not for the completely unimpressive interlude that does nothing accept prompt me to skip to the next track. It feels so wrong to criticize one of the tightest and most genuine bands to come along in a while, but when I think of the perfection of Undertow I cant help but wonder what happened to well thought-out progressive rock songwriting they are capable of.
B00004XONN|1.0|Put it this way, you're not going to hear any tracks from this album when you're past forty and pushing your shopping cart in your local supermarket. Course, this can be good or bad:-<br />Considering that Radiohead is my favourite band, I felt as though I should revisit this album.  I hadn't bought it after I first heard it -I was disappointed with the direction Thom et al were going in and I didn't care for it.  But after reading some of the glowing reviews here I'd almost convinced myself that I'd missed something (a seminal piece of Radiohead perhaps, or a twinkle of musical abstract brilliance for the sole purpose of illuminating Britney Spears' footsteps?)<br />Well after many listens I've lost patience and I've come to the conclusion this album is just awful, and there's no doubt that some (not all) of the reviewers here are talking from their rather potent derriere portals.  Don't get me wrong... I believe that some of the reviewers really do like this -but I sincerely believe that for some others , if this wasn't Radiohead, they'd be giving somewhat more critical reviews (and scratching their heads).  I'm not some sort of musical expert, but I'll take a wild stab in the dark that you've got to have tunes/melody as a foundation to build the delivery, arrangement and style on(it's why the Beatles will always be around).  For me, that's where KidA really fails miserably; it's just not got that strong musical base -rather it's built on a rambling collection of electronic beeps.  <br />And I just don't like beeping -and certainly not as a placebo for real tunes.  Take away the electronic beat beeping and what have you got?  In my opinion a beeping collection of melodies that makes 'n Sync sound like immense musical giants of our age (at least they have harmony, but I dangerously digress).<br />I understand that bands have to grow, and I certainly wasn't expecting an OKC part II (in fact even though I rate that as a brilliant album, I'd have been a little disappointed had they just tried to ride it further). But Thom, please, stop taking the red ones -I can't wait until you turn in another direction, preferably one with a musical bent.<br />One star for at least trying to branch out....  Recommended for: techno-music fans, hard core Radiohead fans who want absolutely every Radiohead album, sadistic elevator operators and interrogation departments of secretive state security agencies everywhere.
B00005B4GU|1.0|Mostly boring, sometimes painful, with a few hints of remaining quality.<br />I was actually embarrassed when I first played this the other night with my wife in the room. After buying Kid A and now Amnesiac, maybe I shouldn't be allowed to buy CDs anymore. It's because of albums like this that stores need more lenient return policies. If Radiohead continues on, I certainly won't buy the next album until I've heard it.
B000002UAU|5.0|There wasn't one Beatles album that wasn't less than a brilliant masterpiece. This is one of the only bands I can think of, in history, where I can honestly say that I like or love, every single song ever recorded by this group.  <br />As a 25 year professional musician, who has listened to  EVERYTHING, and I mean EVERYTHING, there was a certain charm and charisma and magnetism that this group had on many levels, that is hard to describe. <br />The Beatles are the most beloved group in history for a reason. They were outstanding musicians and brilliant songwriters. I think most agree that their impact will never, ever be duplicated in the music industry.<br />That all being said, I wanted to bring up a point that might be of interest to some of you out there, old and young, and the point is this....<br />The most AMAZING thing to me about The Beatles, and I mean REALLY, just THINK about this fact...<br />ALL THEIR SONGS, ALL THEIR RECORDS, EVERYTHING THEY DID.. WAS ACCOMPLISHED BEFORE ANY ONE OF THEM WAS 30 YEARS OLD.<br />HELLO???
B000002UAR|5.0|Shortly after Rubber Soul was released, The Beatles went to work on what is the greatest collection of songs in rock n' roll, Revolver. This album features an orgy of sound that we had never heard before. The album starts off with George's &quot;Taxman&quot;. The guitar solo is brilliant. After that song comes the haunting &quot;Eleanor Rigby&quot; with beautiful strings. Then comes a song featuring backwards guitars called &quot;I'm Only Sleeping&quot;. Two tracks after that come a Paul ballad called &quot;Here, There, And Everywhere&quot;. Next comes the kid's song sung by Ringo called &quot;Yellow Submarine&quot;. The rest of the album is filled with beautiful melodies and up-beat pop songs. But the final track seems to be the best track off the whole album. &quot;Tommorrow Never Knows&quot; is a song about what meditation is like and John's voice is brilliant. Over all, I'd say that The Beatles met to their potential when they made this record. No matter what, this album stands alone as the greatest album in rock n' roll history.
B000056K04|3.0|First of all, there are a few things that need to be straightened out before I start. Yes, I am still a DMB fan, but my interest in the group has slowly deteriorated over the past year. This is due to the exceptional music released by U2 and Radiohead during Dave's break between &quot;Before these Crowded Streets&quot; and &quot;Everyday&quot;. Also, to the fans that have complained that this new album is poor because it doesnt contain the relentless jam sessions that were Dave's trademark in the past: you're missing the point. This is why &quot;Everyday&quot; was released, to go into a new direction, musically. If that means less jamming, so be it.<br />However, I do agree with them that this album is the weakest DMB album to date. There is no soul or honesty to this album: Glen Ballard, a corporate pop-rock producer, has produced simple rock songs meant for easy airplay and music videos. The Steve Lilywhite sessions were very good, more like the Dave of the past, but maybe that's why Dave did not want to release that cut, because it was too much like what DMB had done in the past. The songs on &quot;everyday&quot; suffer because they are too similar: after the 5th song or so, i could not tell the songs apart; the songs are just too polished.<br />Now I gave &quot;everyday&quot; 3 stars because I appreciate and respect Dave's attempt to try and move in a new direction. This has resulted in a drop in fans, but with all the dough that Dave will rack up in the summer tour, maybe this won't be too bad. But Dave, if you really want to see how musical transformations can be done, check out what U2 did after &quot;the joshua tree&quot; with the classic trio of &quot;achtung baby&quot;, &quot;zooropa&quot;, and &quot;pop&quot;. You had a unique sound in the past, but you've just bought into the untalented world of corporate pop-rock.
B00005BL2A|2.0|I thought that DM key members were David Gahan and Martin Gore. Martin wrote it, Dave sang it. After listening to Exciter i think the key member was Alan Wilder, because DM began sound classic DM since 1983 - first album with Alan Wilder and their last great album was SOFAD - last album with Alan Wilder. Its pretty clear that the trademark DM sound was done by him. Just listen to his solo albums - under his project name RECOIL-especially album UNSOUND METHODS, its real follow-up to SOFAD. THe problem of Exciter is that it lacks in production, has no memorable melodies (even ULTRA had some) - i mean music melodies, not vocal melodies. Those great synth melodies are gone. If you remove Gahan vocal, you will not recognize that this is DM, because music is ordinary and non DM, Wilder made it sound DM. Thanks
B00000K19E|5.0|I like the part when he dodges the bullets.It's really cool!I recomnend this movie to everybody!My brother likes karate.That's why he likes this movie.The visual effects are really cool!You should watch it!The movie is cool!
B00003CXE7|5.0|The first time I saw this movie, I admit, I cried at the end. The acting is spectacular and Russell Crowe was extroidinary for his role. Rome is brought alive again and the empire is not forgotten with the younger generation.    I do also compliment the soundtrack, which I also own. The music is emotional and moving. When paired with the majestic, perfectly balanced images and story line, it creates a marvel far set apart from Hollywood's usual flicks.     If ever there was a film in the modern age that is so accurate and astonishing, Gladiator is it. DVD brings the wonder of Rome back into our lives.
0141301139|5.0|This Roald Dahl story is one of his best books and is fit enough to stand alongside Charlie and the Chocolate Factory as my other favourite title from his early years. Dahl finds himself mastering his craft of storytelling, and the writing really shows. Once you start reading this pacey story, you will be in for a spellbinding and mesmerising surprise because with every turn of a page, an unexpected event lies in store.<br /><br />Our loyalties are well-defined early in the story, and even despite real-life contradictions, we end up rooting for Mr Fox and cheering for him as a symbol of good, while at the same time allowing Boggis, Bunce and Bean to symbolise evil. At the part of the story where Mr Fox's tail is shot off, we feel extremely sorry for our hero. The story takes an unexpected twist with the three farmers showing their greed with their tractors and their fierce measures to get Mr Fox out of his hole, and is one of those instances where Dahl shows us that greed and selfishness are undesirable in society. But they don't realise the cleverness and handsome nature of Mr Fox in actually winning the battle by finding a most unusual way into their own larders, where they don't want him to be, and we end up cheering for him in the end during the feast.<br /><br />Overall, I find that this book is sure to be counted among Roald Dahl's best, and he is certainly right in calling it his best-balanced book. This can be recommended to even older readers and not just to the young, at whom the book is aimed.
0553573403|5.0|I was ready to give up on the whole fantasy genre after reading several hack-written books telling the same story over and over again. You know the one... a farm boy joins up with a group of people (among them inevitably a wizard or some such thing) and they go on a quest to find some magical amulet/sword/whatever, and along the way they are attacked by the minions of some \\"Dark Lord\\", blah, blah, blah... Well, people, George R.R. Martin is the real deal. No faeries, no elves, no stupid \\"heroes\\", no cardboard \\"Dark Lord\\", no magic amulets to save the day, just gritty in-your-face adventure with incredible characters, plot twists galore and a healthy dose of blood, guts and sex. Just the way I like it. Unlike many fantasy writers, Martin DELIVERS THE GOODS! He doesn't just paint a pretty picture of an imaginary world, things HAPPEN ...! And he doesn't ramble on either, despite the lenght of the book (well into the \\"doorstopper\\" category), every word counts and the story moves FORWARD! Forgive my overuse of exclamation points but this book deserves them all!! Read on and find out what epic fantasy can really be like!
B00005LB9O|3.0|So Travis has decided that AOR is the way to go.  I had hoped, following the Man Who, that Travis would follow-up with something a little rockier (after all, this is the group whose debut single was All I Want to Do is Rock).  But no.  The songs on TIB are catchy but they're all mid-tempo variations on Driftwood and its ilk.  Forget the Radiohead comparisons; Travis isn't even as experimental as Coldplay (another group seemingly content to stick with the winning formula).
014028009X|5.0|This book was hilarious.  It reminded me of the pages in my own diary.  The observations of a single woman's life have been cleverly penned and the end result is a year's journey of funny anecdotes which every 20 or 30 something woman will be able to relate to.  A top read.
B00005A1PR|4.0|Always searching for just that right song, and you will find it on this CD, full of emotions, that middle of the road whine down and exhale music.  Real Music, breath of fresh air music.  I'm still a funkateer, so after a mellow time with a glass of wine and India, I throw on my party attire, and pop my Dawn Silva CD in the ride and off to the party a humping I will go.
0767817486|5.0|This is a very intense movie, worthy of its oscar nomination. I think it was the best picture of that year if Deer Hunter wasn't there. Definetly the second best movie of 1978.
6305127689|5.0|Top Gun is top I like it. Whatever I see it over and over I don't get bored, Real slick and songs are beautifull, it shows the competitive young men sperit (No place for second)
0553212737|5.0|I absolutely loved this novel!! I'm also glad that before reading this novel I read Jane Austen's other famous works because I had practice with Austen's confusing vocabulary. Once I got used to it I was able to appreciate what was truly happening with Emma. I highly recommend this book to young girls that have a pedestrian outlook on love, because after reading this novel I learned that love isn't always about emotions but you have got to be sensible as well. Emma is a woman to be emulated, not because of her match-making attitude but of her convictions and strenght. She does not need a man to complete herself, but after finally allowing her eyes to open she does find bliss with the man she loves. I can go on and on about this novel, but then what would be the use of reading?? Get yourself a copy now! You won't regret it..
6305090564|4.0|In 1987, a very peculiar film called \\"Extreme Prejudice\\" came out.  At first, it was a simple love triangle - two men loved the same girl.  Then it became a good guy/bad guy tale with one of those men being a sheriff and the other a drug kingpin.  THEN, as if that weren't enough, a US special forces team doing some shadow ops shows up, and puts themselves right into the middle.  \\"Extreme Prejudice\\" wasn't easily definable, but it was enjoyable.  \\"Deep Rising\\" is a descendant of sorts.<br />The movie starts off with a band of mercenaries carrying a band of mercenaries to a cruise ship in the middle of the ocean, where an inside contact is sabotaging the ship.  It's modern-day piracy, and all is going to plan until....something...happens and when the mercenaries arrive, the entire ship is empty with nary a sign of any life.  <br />That's all in the first 15 minutes.  <br />Directed by Stephen Sommers (of \\"The Mummy\\" and \\"The Mummy Returns\\") fame, \\"Deep Rising\\" is a hodge-podge of different genres, but Sommers manages to pull it off with the same ingredients that made his \\"Mummy\\" franchise such a success.  The writing is smart and wicked, blending together comedic and suspense elements seamlessly.  The casting is pitch-perfect, with Treat Williams playing the wisecracking protagonist and Kevin O'Connor wonderful as his sidekick Pantucci.  Perhaps even more appealing is the band of pirates, familiar faces all, led by Wes Studi (Last of the Mohicans), and featuring Djimon Hounsou (Amistad), Trevor Goddard (Mortal Kombat), and Jason Flemyng (Snatch) among others.  These are all well-versed character actors who have covered similar territory before, and bring the necessary panache and confidence to their roles.  Jerry Goldsmith gives it all the right tone, with a quirky score that fits to a tee this genre-hopping film.  <br />\\"Deep Rising\\" is enjoyable pulp cinema, pulled off with style by Sommers &amp; Co.  For anyone looking for a great popcorn film, track down this overlooked 1998 film and hop onboard for the ride.
0140434259|5.0|What happened to me when I first began reading this novel was that at first try I put it back on the shelf because I thought it was dreadfully dull. Little did I know that I just was not ready to read such a classic, much less a Jane Austen piece. But when I decided to give it another chance I realized that I almost passed such a great opportunity to expose myself to how a novel should be. Sense and Sensibility's twisted plot was a treat, and although the movie was somewhat truthful to the text, I still enjoyed the novel much more. I recommend this novel to people who are ready to face Austen's sometimes frusttrating vocabulary, but trust me, you'll be reaping benefits and will love to read this novel again and again!
630512065X|5.0|Cats is my favorite musical of all time! I love it more every time I see it! This is well worth every penny.
B00003CXP1|1.0|My life is the poorer for having watched this movie. Yes, there are good points- it was wonderfully acted and the screenplay and direction were beautiful. But overall there is no reason for the film's existence. Watching the film was like trying to wake up from a nightmare- I kept wanting it to be over. I felt no sympathy for the characters. In the end they received their due. It is a movie about the evils of drug addiction. Well, that has been done before- repeatedly. And much better. It added nothing new to the entire addiction debate. There was no unique viewpoint. I felt physically dirty after watching.
B00005LB9O|5.0|This is the type of album that comes around once in a great while, and here it is the third time Travis have created a masterpiece like that. Serving as another example to the edge that UK bands have over the Americans, &quot;The Invisible Band&quot; opens with their first single from the album &quot;Sing&quot;. Hailed as the song with a banjo, it is composed with the elements of Travis music that makes it always so good- heartfelt intelligent lyrics, excellent musicianship, and that extra unlisted ingredient that is best left to listening rather that analysis. The album consists of twelve new two tunes plus two b-sides that are lead by other members of the band, showing that Travis are not the type of band whose main talent rests only with the singer. But Fran Healey, with his melodic voice and stunning lyrics is definately a good reason to listen to the band. &quot;The Invisible Band&quot; is a perfect next step for this Scottish who already have two other amazing albums out. &quot;Dear Diary&quot; is a soft, slow tune which showcases the emotional depth that Travis easily reaches. The very next track, &quot;Side&quot; returns to the upbeat, positive pop sensibility that got Travis to where they are. &quot;Side&quot; is a catchy song on the surface, but when listened to more deeply reveals the beauty that sets Travis apart from other traditional rock/pop bands.                              To wrap it up, every track on this disc is very good, and each deserve their own personal attention, and the only way to truly experience the music in that sense is to get the album and wear it out! I promise you will be singing their music in the strangest places, and have their melodies and words in your head if you give it a good listen
0792107683|2.0|All right, I'm going to bash some of these people's favorite Western, so I might as well try to defend myself.  I laughed for 2 minutes straight when I saw this thing on the AFI 100; really, it boggled my mind.  Ahem, to begin with, the story itself is rather hackneyed.  In seventh grade english, years and years ago, I was forced to read the novel Shane, and a few things struck me: cardboard characters, a boneheadedly obvious plot, and a whole heap of dramatic complaining about events and characters that I saw no reason to really care about, not to mention that the taciturn Shane is one of the more annoying protagonists ever invented.  Everyone talks about how great this guy is, but he's just another in a long, long line of close-mouthed reluctant heroes, and the classic examples are on a higher plane than this.  I can deal with the fact that westerns are supposed to have flimsy plots and always tie up with things set right(Don't get me wrong: I _like_ Westerns: Stagecoach, pretty much everything with Clint Eastwood, the magnificent seven, and several others were fine examples of their genre), but all the sentimental whining about plot elements and characters that are as artificial as any MacGuffin just turns the stomach.<br />Some time after that, a few friends on a quest to watch a bunch of old films roped me into a night that included the film Shane.  To my amazement, hollywood production had managed to make it even worse!  The fights were either mischoreographed(just look at the reviews, even favorable ones, below) or completely undramatic, the acting (save for Palance as a fine cardboard-villain) is either ridiculously overdone or flatly underdone, sometimes in the same scene, and the film as a whole is just not that interesting.  There's some mild heartwarming possibilities with Shane and the boy, but a few passable scenes do not a great(even good) film make.  Because of that and the fact that it's even watchable, the film gets two stars.
B00004RJ71|5.0|I caught a couple of minutes of this film on the Television and had to rent it out.After renting it many times I then went on to buy the film because every time I see it I just want to watch it again.Most of the actors are unknown in my country and I'm guessing in the states as well but their proformances are so convinceing that you just cannot stop watching.For me this blows away a lot of the big budget action movies of today.A top notch film from start to finish and a must see for anyone who likes action or gang related movies.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|Well, I absolutely loved this movie. It was by far the best movie I have seen in a long time. Not only was it visually stunning but the music was wonderful. Ewan McGregor has a wonderful voice and I really thought he was great in this movie, I really felt his pain due to his incredible acting. I was surprised by Nicole Kidman, she usually annoys me, but she was great. She also has a great voice and looked beautiful in every scene. I loved the mix of diamonds are a girls best friend and material girl. The cast also has amazing chemistry with each other. Moulin Rouge is exciting, I spent the whole movie wide eyed and on the edge of my seat. I usually do not like love stories but this just blew my mind. I highly recommend it... and I cant wait to buy the soundtrack.
0446310786|4.0|When I read this the first time round I wasn't too entertained. The fact that it was for school made it even more of a drag. However, in preparation for the exam I knew that I had to re-read it if I wanted even the slimmest chance of passing - and I totally got it that time. This is a brilliantly written novel looking at racism in the deep south America around the 1930s. All the apparently average events are told in a light that makes them entertaining. There are so many hidden meanings, opinions and explanations (ex. when Scout describes Boo Radley it's not at all accurate because it's through a childs eyes - but that isn't made apparent) that you will need to read it a few times before you understand it all.<br />There are a few things that I don't like about the book though:-<br />Atticus Finch is representive of everything that is good and virtuous - which makes him totally unbelieveable. Do you know anyone who let some old woman treat his children like dirt coz she's ill?<br />As there was a black-white division, Harper Lee rarely if ever mixed with black people in her childhood and this is apparent by her generalised descriptions of the black people compared to her detailed descriptions of other white people.<br />However, those dislikes aside, this is a thoroughly enjoyable book. Not completely my thing, hence only 4 stars, but very good.
B00005BJ2O|5.0|Moulin Rouge is a soundtrack that I can't stop listening to.  Modern pop hits are intertwined together with flowing melodies that are the perfect finishing touch to a wonderful movie.  Songs like &quot;Come What May&quot;, &quot;Your Song&quot;, and &quot;One Day I'll Fly Away&quot; are perfect musical songs that you can't help sing along with.  While the modern feeling songs &quot;Lady Marmalade&quot;, &quot;Diamond Dogs&quot;, and &quot;Children of the Revolution&quot; fit in perfectly with a musical.  I highly recommend this cd to anyone who loves really great music.
B00005AFMT|5.0|...I think that's how it was described when this album first came out by some magazine. And the irony is that it was put out by the prog rock dinosaur known as King Crimson.  But what makes a band progressive unless they are truely progressing? <br />Adrian Belew is said to sound like David Byrne, especially on Elephant Talk, but this seems to be a much better remake of Under Heavy Manners, the song Byrne did with Fripp on a solo album recorded some years ealier.  The similarity is only in the funkyness and the alphabet lyrics.  But Belew is funnier, I mean the line &quot;..These are words with the 'D' this time&quot; is pretty funny in the context, especially in his delivery.  Frame by Frame charted all new territory for progressive rock and introduced the gamelon guitar style that will be a feature in the next couple of albums. Indiscipline is the closest to Red era Crimson that you will ever get with this band -- Fripp power riffing and Bill Bruford crashing on some cymbols and not playing the same thing twice.  You get from the some of the notes enclosed with this package that Fripp wanted to move away from this sound. Maybe that is why this is called Indiscipline to express it's opposition to Discipline.  Belew's lyrics are an incredible Mad Lib in which any item can fit into the subject and it still makes sence. Thela Hun Gingeet is a thick jungle of sound that is hypnotizing and includes a found tape of a person's experience in a &quot;dangerouse place&quot; layered into the sounds.  The Sheltering Sky is so very beatiful like being in a tropical beach that was constructed artificially like those Japanese amusement parks.  Discipline is complete order and actually increases Alpha levels in the brain.  It was nice to hear the new mix of Matte Kudasai, more of  Fripp's guitar can be heard creating a subtley different mood from the album version. <br />Overall, with Tony Levin's use of the Stick, there is less low end and Belew being a treble demon, more high.But somehow this manages to sound really good  in today's age of Sub-base recordings.  The literature makes a great continuity to Red's.  It is interesting reading the press's coverage of  the supposed end of Crimson and than their reaction to the Return of the King.
B00005BL2A|5.0|The trademark keyboard-synth sound is no more, but DM comes back with their best work since Violator.  Bass-heavy, muted tracks are the backdrop, while David Gahan's vocals are in fine form. <br />That being said, it's not like Violator, Music for the Masses, or even the awful Songs of Faith and Devotion.  It's a new sound for DM, and I like it.
B000002UAO|5.0|Like many Americans old enough or fortunate enough to inherit or buy their own Capitol Beatles Lps (a dubious chapter in Beatle's worldwide packaging, to be sure)... I have always found the U.S. version to be superior in listening (I mean, if you really want the extra songs, they're available)...<br />The Capitol package originally released/concocted in 1965 ran as follows:<br />1. I've Just Seen a Face 2. Norwegian Wood  3. You Won't See Me  4. Think For Yourself  5. The Word  6. Michelle  7. It's Only Love  8. Girl  9. I'm Looking Through You  10. In My Life  11. Wait  12. Run For Your Life<br />(As the for the song which were deleted from the U.S. Capitol version in favor of the additon of \\"I've Just Seen A Face\\" and \\"It's Only Love\\" -- I can only say that \\"What Goes On\\" was always considered a throwaway by even the Beatles themselves; \\"Nowhere Man\\" was a single in the U.S. (the USA was a different market, dig?...  Try selling left-rode steering-wheel automobiles here, eh?)...  --\\"Drive My Car\\" was later available on the \\"Yesterday And Today\\" lp...  <br />Why do so many U.S. listeners remember the U.S. Rubber Soul?...  -Most of it is due to the lead-off track; one can hardly muster up a better intro the this folk-rock inspired package than \\"I've Just Seen A Face\\" -- the simple, yet seemingly intricately-woven acoustic guitar lines from this song weave a pattern through one's mind before anyone even starts singing... -It is artful in its sound...  (Wonder who the itern was that drunkenly suggested the song for the U.S. lp intro -- deranged genius)...<br />Okay...  Everyone already knows how good the rest of the lp is, songs deleted, added, however you see it; -and any lp with \\"In My Life\\" on it has to be good, right?...<br />Also, the stereo version of \\"I'm Looking Through You\\" on the U.S. lp -- with the false start intro on guitar -- is thee classic version of that song...  If you're hearing that song without it, well, you're being given short-shrift, my friend...<br />It is indeed ironic that this pithy, butchered version of Rubber Soul (the most controversial lp among Beatle fans, with a whole micro-history of debate on which is the \\"real\\" or best Rubber Soul, -especially among UK and US residents), the U.S. Capitol lp in stereo, is the Beatles' best album ever (at least to that point, maybe past it)... -even with 2 less songs than the British lp... -that's how great the Beatles were... -subtract 2 tunes and they get even better...  All killer... -no filler...  <br />Capitol needs to release some of those packaging/marketing monstrosities in two-fer series..  But, so far they haven't...  <br />Isn't it a pithy?...
B00005IBGQ|3.0|I agree with the review below about &quot;Poses&quot; being too much like Rufus' debut album, i.e: a few brilliant performances (&quot;California&quot;, &quot;One Man Guy&quot;, &quot;Grey Gardens&quot;) peppered in between melodramatic snoozefests (&quot;Evil Angel&quot;, &quot;The Consort&quot;).  The end result begets a sort of pessimistic frustration: you suspect that the good bits are the result of blind luck, rather than artistic design.  But I could be wrong -- let's hook this guy up with a clearheaded, less-is-more minded producer (Tom Waits? Ric Ocasek?) and see what happens....
B00005B4GU|3.0|There are some good songs on this cd and the more experimental tracks work pretty well.  To my older ears, Radiohead sounds like Pink Floyd for the new century.  Thom Yorke does not always use his great voice to good effect - there's just too much caterwauling going on here.  Also, this cd is only about 44 minutes - too short for a full price release.  They should have either added more tracks or cut ... list price.<br />Three and a half stars for the material less a half star for its brevity.
B00000K19E|5.0|From its opening sequence, The Matrix takes you on a wild ride through the senses. Tight action sequences, terrific martial arts choreography, engrossing plotline, alongside numerous, original cinematic sequences, the movie draws you into a world of its own.<br />Filled with the most original camera work ever done in cinema, the action sequences will leave you breathless. However, let this not diminish the brilliantly original storyline in any way.<br />The Matrix is a highly entertaining and thought-provoking movie worthy of a DVD collection, which by the way contains numerous bonus features.
B000000LZV|5.0|Though this album doesn't fit the general naive teenage suburbanite punk kid definition of punk rock (but then again Limp Bizkit and POD shouldn't fit anyone's) what we have here is a masterpiece of politically aware funk and rock with great musicianship and on spot satire.  With it's easily recognizable punk rock influence and edge I wholeheartedly recommend this classic album!
B00003CXDG|5.0|Watching Mission Impossible 2 is akin to experiencing a two-hour visual poetry in motion. Whether in dramatic moments or in adrenalin-paced action sequences, the sheer brilliance of John Woo's direction shines throughout the movie. And let it not pass you by unnoticed his signitured slo-mo shot of a white dove through the flames. Director John Woo is truly a talented motion picture artist. A fun and entertaining movie worthy of a DVD collection.
0679731725|3.0|Kazuo Ishiguro writes a very detailed analysis on the lead character Stevens.  Stevens is an aging butler, who embarks on a six-day trip to England's beautiful West Country. The novel shows Stevens dedication and admiration for his work as a butler and his family.   The Remains of the Day, Ishiguro's third novel, examines the intersections of individual memory and national history through the mind of Stevens, a model English butler who believes that he has served humanity by devoting his life to the service of a &quot;great&quot; man, Lord Darlington. The time is 1956; Darlington has died, and an American businessman has let Darlington Hall. As Stevens begins a solitary motor trip to the west country, traveling farther and farther from familiar surroundings, he also embarks on a harrowing journey through his own memory. What he discovers there causes him to question not only Lord Darlington's greatness, but also the meaning of his own insular life.  The journey motif is a deceptively simple structural device; the farther Stevens travels from Darlington Hall, it seems, the closer he comes to understanding his life there. But in Stevens's travel journal Ishiguro shapes an ironic, elliptical narrative that reveals far more to the reader than it does to Stevens. The butler believes, for instance, that he makes his trip for &quot;professional&quot; reasons, to persuade a former housekeeper, Miss Kenton, to return to Darlington Hall. But through deftly managed flashbacks and Stevens's naive admissions, the reader sees instead that the matter is highly personal: Stevens had loved Miss Kenton but let her marry another man; he now wishes to make up for lost time, to correct the mistakes of his past.  Honestly at first I thought the book seemed boring but it is interesting how Stevens reflects on his past making the story more intriguing.  It is a book I would read again.
B00005AAFS|3.0|Well, compared to what theyre second album was, I don t think Mutter is the best album they ever produced. Off course, Links 234, Mutter and Sonne are very good tracks but the other tracks are kind of similar; they are builded the same way and share the same sound influence. As i nearly loved all the tracks of  Herzeleid and Sehnsucht, i was quite surprised to actually dislike some of theyre new songs like &quot;Ich will&quot; (what a poorly constructed song!). That s too bad, may be i was expecting too much of them. Anyway i am looking forward to see them live; I do recommend &quot;Live aus Berlin&quot; by the way (DVD and CD, WHAT A SHOW!!!!!, even in the Cd you can feel the energy!!!), those guys definitly know what the word CONCERT means.
B000002G6J|5.0|Like many artists after they are gone,Jobim is passing from popular to &quot;classical&quot; status.  Bob Blumenthal in his 1995 notes for &quot;Terra Brasilis&quot; mentioned a conservatory profressor who analyzed Jobim's harmonic invention for students.  Jobim (like Gerswhin) was highly inventive as a composer of innovative and intriguing harmonies.  Like Gershwin, Jobim will endure as a classical composer.  Claus Ogerman was Jobim's own preferred arranger, and mucho sympatico, Ogerman was attuned to the elusive but haunting character of Jobim's music.  &quot;Wave&quot; has become a genuine classic, transcending the fickle pop scene.
B00005BJ2O|4.0|Moulon Rouge, a fabulous musical film, launches itself at the viewer with a splash of color and a suspension of gravity. The music from the soundtrack is a brief exerpt of the better pieces in the film. It's careful not to rob the movie veiwer of surprises available on the screen. <br />I did not give this five stars simply because there are tracks from the film missing and some of the arrangements are simplified versions of the same pieces used in the film. **Warning SPOILER** For example in track 3, the &quot;Because we Can Can Can!&quot; is a powerful dance mix that precedes the unveiling of Satine, ther Prima Courtezan of the Moulon Rouge. I was stunned to hear in the film an extra theme jimmied in the already beautifully complex marriage of themes, sung by a male chorus, the tune &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit,&quot; by Nirvanna... mostly. <br />If you like the remix of various popular themes and love a gritty tango, you must hear this soundtrack just for cut #12. I will not spoil this...everyone I play Cut 12 for goes slack-jawed in amazement when they hear what they so appropriately made into a tango.<br />Dan Erickson
B000006MS3|4.0|I wouldn't doubt that &quot;The Dreaming&quot; is a series of dreams experienced by Kate Bush, as there seems to be no other reason for this collection of bizarre unrelated Gothic-induced songs which are at times indecipherable, majestic, lovely, ponderous, familiar, and scary, very much like dreams. Bush's shrieks and wails in &quot;Pull Out the Pin&quot; and &quot;Get Out of My House&quot;, sound too much like a real victim of violence, and &quot;There Goes A Tenner&quot; is a dream fairyland or birdwatching in heaven or running for public office in the afterlife, all to progressively friendly piano chops that skip merrily along. Do you know what is so intriguing about this artist? She's just a regular demented girl.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I can finally see the Beatles in all of their greatness.  I have had a love of music for many years and I could never understand the &quot;hype&quot; of the Beatles since they were a bit before my time and their music appeared to have a Back Street Boys following.  All marketing and NO TALENT!!  This album allowed me the chance to taste the GREATNESS without expensing and searching for all of the &quot;classics&quot; and I now GET IT.  They were frigging brilliant!!!  The music and lyrics are truly timeless and enjoyable to listen to.  The best collection of one bands music I have heard in a long time.
0385474547|5.0|Things Fall Apart is one of the best novel ever written by an African for Africans. I have bought and given five of this novel to some of my non-African friends as gifts. CHINUE ACHEBE did a great job. Many thanks to Achebe. **** E.Felix. U.S.A.
0385484518|4.0|This is a remarkable work, not because of Morrie Schwartz' words or example but because of the obvious transformation Mitch Albom underwent during his final experiences with Morrie.  While the book's action is centered around Morrie, I took away more from the between-the-lines struggle of Mitch.  This is a quick read that I have already made plans to re-read.
6305363668|5.0|One reviewer mentioned this Director's Cut as a &quot;3-Star film&quot; because this version didn't have narration or a happy ending. I have seen many films in my day, but the one criteria of quality I NEVER list is a &quot;happy ending.&quot; Furthermore, not only did Harrison Ford hate the harration, but Ridley Scott was forced to include it by the studio. The film MINUS narration is the film the artists wanted to make, and you get it right here.<br />If you want to see a film that more closely resembles the director's original vision, buy this version. This is the version the artists wanted to make.  It's much better than the theatrical version, which had a tacked on ending to lull casual viewers into a warm-and-fuzzy mood. It also had an embarrassing voiceover by Harrison Ford that insulted anyone who was interested in all the subtleties of the film. (Imagine a narrator on &quot;2001: A Space Odyssey.) This is the perfect example of how Hollywood can screw up a great film. Fortunately, we get to see how Academy Award winner, Ridley Scott, wanted the film to turn out. It is a masterpiece, and it belongs in every film library.
0385501560|4.0|&quot;Choke,&quot; the new book by Chuck Palahniuk, is yet another shining example of what is wrong with the world today.  Like all of Palahniuk's protagonists, the narrator is flawed and disturbed on a multitude of levels . . . just like a real person.  As bizzar and extreme as he becomes, we still think to ourselves &quot;yeah, I've met guys like him.  This is plausable.&quot;  Additionally, &quot;Choke&quot; hits it's mark with surgical precision and turse, caustic wit.   Ever wonder what was wrong with the world today?  Let Chuck tell ya'.
6304493681|5.0|Alright, there are like 235 reviews on this DVD alone,, and what's the point of writing another same review again?  Well, I recently got into watching and collecting animations and have put 'Ghost in the Shell' as Rank #1 of all the animations (and what are the other top ranked animations I have?  Mononoke Hime, Samurai X, Neon Evangelion Genesis [latter part], Blue Submarine No.6,,get the idea?).   First time I saw it,, I simply decided to see it because of half naked woman-cyborg cover,, I was like in high school,, and didn't understand what was going on,,  and after 10 years,, with my friend's recommendation, I bought it and had to watch three times in a row to fully understand the story (it was more like I WANTED TO watch it twice,,).    I think it's sort of pointless of writing another review here since this animation is just perpect in everyway imaginable, but I will just state one point here and disppear.   The very first time I was watching it(well, second time), I had this feeling, feeling you get when you experience dejavu, or seeing certain places, situations, objects which bring you that strange feeling of being nostalgic,,  That was the feeling I experienced.   I think I was getting that feeling because of the content, which asks something that's highly philosophical, yet it pierces into and asks YOU the existence of very essence of human being/human nature,,,, and yourself-   And you can almost, almost begin to relate yourself to the story where the technology is being developed at such a high speed, yet not only human minds are not fully prepared to adjust to that rapid change, but also it's being dried of its emotion,,  we are living in this high tech society where things are getting much more convinient and life standard is getting better and better every day, yet there's this small part, small part of us in our sub/conciousness or mind,, asking what are we, who am I,,, it's more like a trade off where you have to sacrifice to fully appreciate yourself in the nature to live in this ever changing high tech society,,  <br />After watching this animation, I just took off and drove aimlessly, putting on low volume music(lyric was about asking the very reason you are working so hard yet so blindly, for what and for whom?), all windows open, feeling cool breeze of early summer night, driving through the place I've never been to,,going under freeway bridge, over the low hills, into residential area,,and it was after 2 AM,,, I felt like I was that cyborg woman for awhile-
B000002IOY|5.0|SMASHING DRUM-PLAYING, THUNDER BASS-PLAYING, SKULL-CRUSHING GUITAR-PLAYING AND A ...-VOICE SINGER WILL SATISFY ANY TRUE METAL-HEAD. OVERKILL'S BEST ALBUM.
0425152251|3.0|A seems a lot of people thought this great and that a lot of people thought this was bad. Personally I think this is somewhere in between.<br />When reviewing this book I think it is important to keep in mind the aims and intentions of the author. As far as I can see he wanted only to provide a gentle and accessable introduction to philosophical thought and the history of it, not push forward intellectual frontiers. In my opinion he achieved his goal and did it well. Ok so the story isn't really up to much but it's little more than a vehicle for the philosophy in the book and a a bit of light relief. <br />There seems to be a lot of snobbery and elitism surrounding such 'high brow' subjects, but I don't understand where this comes from. Not everyone is interested in plowing their way through 'The Critique of Pure Reason' by Kant, and that doesn't make them stupid, and in the same way, if you are interested in doing that, it doesn't make you a nerd. <br />If you're interested in reading a good novel with a intriguing story avoid this book because it will seem too much like hard work. Likewise, if you're familiar with the basics of philosophy and looking for a bit of a challange avoid this book, because it will seem a bit 'lightweight'. But if you've never thought that much about the deeper side of life but would like to then you could do a lot worse than get hold of a copy of this. You could find that this will be the start of you looking at the world in a whole new light.....and that can't be a bad thing, can it?
B00004XONN|5.0|Kid A is a Masterpiece. Radioheads best work yet. With an amazing and different sound, it breaks every rock or alternative concept now our days. Its hipnotizing and addictive.  I listen to it, and every time I like it more. Its number one of my all time favourite cds!
B00000IPAX|2.0|Blink 182 in my opinion has become a sell out.  Their best CD was Ceshire Cat since then Dude Ranch was also an well done  CD.  Now they are jsut hype dby all the trendy people and shows.  Having 2 videos on Mtv and being all over the media.  I remember going to theri concerts when I was in junior high and having the peopel who really knew and enjoyedt their music.  Don' tget me wrong I know in this industry, everyone is out to make a living.  But this CD si not of the CAliber that they are capable of.  The newest CD is  a disgrace to Blink 182 in everyone form of the word.  I miss the old days when music was good and not every Tom Dick and Harry follower was still jsut wandering around.  Now I think I like them less then I ever have Especially with a CD entitled &quot;Take off you Pants and Jack it&quot;  YOu guys used tobe awesome, at the rate you are going you will be old news before I have my first Kid, which is not too far away.  All you trendy people who do not even know what Cd I am talking about when I say Ceshire Cat, you have no right to call yourself a Blink Fan.  You are jsut a bunch fo trendy queers.
B0000021RD|5.0|Sorry, Blood, Sweat and Tears fans, this is the best jazz, rock album ever made and Chicago's best. Even though this style of music was to fade, Chicago almost single handedly carried this music for several years. Unfortunately, with the death of Terry Kath and later with Peter Cetera's resignation from the band, jazz rock died and Chicago ceased to be a creative musical force. But this album is absolutely breathtaking in scope; done in a kind of classical, rock opera style it still astounds me to this day with its' sophisticated arrangements and production. The song writing is highly structured and very melodic at times. The horns of course steer the trademark Chicago sound and they have never sounded better that they do here. Vocally, they were lucky enough to have three fine singers in Terry Kath, Peter Cetera and Robert Lamm and all three shine here. I don't feel this album gets the rewards it justly deserves when talking about some of the best albums of all time. It is one of those I never get tired of listening to, even 31 years after its' release. It is truly a marvelous piece of work.
B00005BJ2O|5.0|Awesome soundtrack.  Baz Luhrman has a tendancy to have great soundtracks with most of his movies.  If you liked the variety on the Romeo and Juliet sondtrack, you'll most likely enjoy the  Moulin Rouge soundtrack, though they are not similar.
B00005B36H|5.0|Yeah, so, after Tool's last album, Aenima, Keenan decides to join this obscure band named A Perfect Circle. This band composed music in a completely different way than Tool, and for the most part, was without grinding heavy metal and with a softer tone. Anyway...here we are now with Tool's latest release, Lateralus. It's basically a mix of old Tool and A perfect circle. Songs like &quot;Reflection&quot; have echoey, ethereal vocals...reminiscent of A Perfect Circle.  Also, this time around, Tool is not easy listening...with more complex song structures...and with most of the songs ending up to be extremely long. So if you're into screaming, ranting heavy metal...this album lacks that (except for maybe &quot;Ticks and Leeches&quot;), but if you have very eclectic tastes (and have liked all of Tool's previous work) then this is for you. So buy it damn-it, support some intelligent artists.
B000005DQR|5.0|I spelled it slowly so ya all get it - this is a masterpiece - nothing less . it trancends hiphop or any genre of music - it' s a collection of sounds from a billion styles of music, all skillfully combined to create some of the most amazing bits ever created. dj shadow is nothing short than a genius who mixed together an inovative, daring and breathtaking album that everyone who loves hiphop or music in general must have.
B000056K04|1.0|DMB was a great band when they came onto the music scene. However, they've forgotton how to be innovative. &quot;Everyday&quot; is flat out boring, and seems like they are only trying to put out an album to make money. I'm sorry I wasted mine.
B00004RJ71|5.0|Blood In Blood Out is one the finest movies ever made that represents life for chicano youths. Starting in the early 1970's, this movie chronicles the times and trials of Miklo Velka. Miklo (Damian Chapa) is a kid growing up in two different worlds. He is a chicano, who takes the appearance of his white father. So he fights to get respect from his chicano family. Here you meet his cousin Cruz (Jesse Borrego) Candelaria and Paco (Benjamin Bratt) Aguilar, who treat Miklo with little respect, because of his skin tone. So he has to show his toughness to his cousins in order to earn their respect. This is where the trouble begins for the three cousins. Starting with a random act of violence against another street gang, the plot thickens with Cruz being hospitalized and the gang of Miklo, Paco and others vowing revenge for Cruz.      A simple revenge turns sour and the life is taken on accident, so the boys are on the run. Only to be caught and their lives are changed drastically.     Miklo is sent to jail where he has to start over to earn the respect from the other chicanos, while Paco joins the service to avoid jail time. Throughout the movie you see Miklo character evolve int o a great leader of men in the Prison, while Paco career evolves on the other side of the law. we also cant forget about Cruz, whose life turns to shambles because of an addiction, which nearly costs him his life!     The story evolves as time passes and the three of them get older, and wiser, and before you know it Miklo is out of jail and looking to go on the straight and narrow. Paco and Miklo's lives interact again as Miklo attempts to, but fails to stay straight. Their lives are sent in to a spiral as Miklo ende up in jail again and this time it is Paco's fault, I wont say how it ends, because I want you to see this movie, but let me tell you the subplots and twists and turns in this movie are EXCELLENT! I reccommend this movie to anyone who enjoys a good epic drama!
B00003CXRP|5.0|I'm not going to write a lengthy review, only because I feel that anything that I could say, has already been mentioned.  What I do want to say, is that the people who did not like the movie are the same type that thought &quot;Gone in 60 seconds&quot; was a masterpiece.  Get it?  They were dissapointed that they watched this movie and missed the town monster truck rally.  No depth, not a drop.....<br />This movie was wonderful.  It will touch you.  If that's not enough, nothing is.
B00005LB9O|4.0|It would be a bit of an understatement to say that I am ambivalent about this album. On the one hand, Travis has provided a wonderful, airy successor to The Man Who. On the other, I find myself wondering where their dynamic energy has gone. This is a band with a skillful songwriter and gifted vocalist that has previously produced two wonderful albums. With Good Feeling, they reminded us that rock and roll could be fun AND good, with The Man Who they came at us with one cleverly heartbreaking melody after the next; if Radiohead was insisting on pushing us to the brink with their wondrous creativity, Travis was  there to take our hand, walk us away from the precipice, and tell us that it would all be okay. <br />They began with rollicking (Good Feeling), progressed to infectiously melodious (The Man Who), and have now been spotted as though emerging from an afternoon at a luxury spa. Their amazing afterglow gets your attention and gives you a great big smile, but it may just leave you pining for something a wee bit more substantial.<br />That said, this is a very nice album. I certainly miss the more rambunctious style of Good Feeling, but if Fran has felt the need to swallow a bit of Belle and Sebastian, the soothing results are pleasant enough.
B00005BJ2O|4.0|What happened? I see the movie, I can quote lines from the songs, I love them, I go to get the songs, and this is it? What about Like a Virgin performed in a way that had the audience in stitches? What happened to the Can Can remix? And where is a new rendition of a classic Queen song? these are some of the best songs in the movie in my opinion. Hopefully this will be another Romeo and Juliet, with 2 soundtracks.
B000059HCI|5.0|From the visionary that brought you \\"Pi\\", a Sundance Film Festival winner about a mathematical genius trying to unlock the secrets of the world through numbers, comes a tail of misery and melancholy.  For those that enjoy their vast library of romantic comedies, you're probably wondering, \\"If the movie's that depressing, why the HELL would I want to watch it?\\"  Based on Hubert Selby's 1978 novel \\"Last Exit To Brooklyn\\", \\"Requiem For A Dream\\" follows the lives of four Coney Island natives as they succumb to their various vices.  Ellen Burstyn is the star of the show and no doubt the best performance of all as Sara Goldfarb, a lonesome widow who day-in and day-out tunes in to her television, fixated by a self-help extremist named Tappy Tibbons (McDonald).  Treasuring a red dress she wore to her son's high school graduation, she aspires to wear it again but she has one small problem - 50 lbs.  She diets to no avail, unable to contain her cravings.  Upon a friend's suggestion, she visits her doctor and receives a prescription for diet pills - her downward spiral begins.<br />Meanwhile, Harry Goldfarb (Leto) is repeatedly pawning his mother's TV to support his smack habit, accompanied by his partner-in-crime and fellow addict Tyrone Love (Wayans).  Besides his endeavors with Tyrone, Harry is involved with a coke-snorting beauty named Marion Silver (Connelly).  The footloose trio begin a trafficking operation in the hopes that they will soon score the purest pound of heroin, earning them the higher living that they dream of.  However, fate is misaligned for the three and a drug deal goes bad, landing Tyrone in jail and Harry and Marion desperate for a fix - their dance with depravity is inevitable.<br />Make no mistake - \\"Requiem For A Dream\\" will literally heave you through the deepest, darkest vortex of anguish and despair.  Take it from me - I was thoroughly distraught and emotionally drained when the end credits finally rolled.  I even noticed how irritable I felt and how easy it was for me to get upset.  The film so profoundly affected me that it put me in a completely different state of mind; it actually made me feel quite miserable.  While this may be a filmmaker's vital objective, it is not necessarily the greatest thing to gain from it (as I found out for myself).  Even the score is devoid of hope; it is neither beautiful nor enchanting in the least.  In fact, listening to the score itself for a prolonged period is about as hard to take as the film.  Built on an electronica foundation with intermittent segments by the Kronos String Quartet, composer Clint Mansell's compositions are hip and moody sonatas signaling impending doom.<br />Director Darren Aronofsky has reappointed many of his collaborators from \\"Pi\\", including nearly half his producers, cinematographer Matthew Libatique and composer Clint Mansell.  Aronofsky's vision is perfectly melded with Libatique's inimitable cinematography, providing a feast for the senses.  Using techniques such as jump cuts, peephole magnification, mounted POV cameras and simultaneous uses of time-lapse film and slow-motion frames, Aronofsky gives the viewer a glimpse of the paranoia and euphoria of the characters' highs and lows.  He even gives the time of day a distinct aura; daylight is calm and celestial, while evening is foreboding and dangerous.  Most interesting are the rapid fragments of film we see as the addicts use their drug of choice.  The jump cuts of a butane lighter, boiling heroin, rolled dollar bills, anthills of cocaine that abruptly disappear and the dilated pupils of the user lead to the all- consuming narcotic rapture.  The only thing that becomes tiresome is the loud and embellished whooshing noise that accompanies each jump cut.  Of course, this was probably added to convey the \\"rush\\" the addict is feeling.<br />Jared Leto is undaunted and slightly disarming as Harry, but his character is hard to sympathize with since he does nothing to help himself or others.  Sogoes it with Jennifer Connelly as the sleepwalking Marion, a bold beauty that lives only for the moment.  She and Harry latch on to one other in a seemingly devotional manner, but the truth is that their only bond lies in their drive for perpetual sedation. Leto has been in a string of films (both TV and big screen), having made his biggest impression in 1999's \\"Fight Club\\" as a bleach-blonde devotee to Tyler Durden's detrimental campaign.  Connelly has done much in the industry but her previous roles have left her undistinguished in the eyes of critics.  Since projects such as \\"Dark City\\", \\"Higher Learning\\" and \\"Waking The Dead\\", Connelly has reemerged and proven to be a commanding presence onscreen.  Sara's downfall is the most heartbreaking to witness for she is really the only character that can be sympathized with.  As well as undergoing emotional overhauls for her character, Burstyn endured several physical transformations, all of which entailed four prosthetic necks, two fat suits and nine wigs.  Her final scenes as a cadaverous and delusional Sara are a wonder to behold, Burstyn luminous in all of her character's madness.  Aronofsky personally said of Burstyn's performance, \\"What can I say, she's unbelievable.  I hope that audiences will feel they've been robbed by Hollywood, a business that has not hired this woman for twenty years. It's almost a crime on the world because of her abilities.&quot;  I echo Aronofsky's sentiments and say that while Julia Roberts was impressive in Steven Soderbergh's little doozy \\"Erin Brockovich\\", Burstyn was SORELY UNDERRATED.<br />\\"Requiem For A Dream\\" is not only to be appreciated for its artistry but for tackling an addiction that few of us really understand: FOOD.  The floating mirages of cupcakes, sizzling steaks and such may be humorous to some people, but for others it is inexplicable torture.  To tackle the obsession the world has with physical appearance is a topic that few have endeavored to render onto film and Aronofsky does a terrific job interpreting the anguish that obese people endure every minute of their lives.  Here's some encouragement for those who question watching this dour ditty: Burstyn was nominated for Best Actress in twelve different festivals (including the Oscars and the Golden Globes) and Matthew Libatique won an Independent Spirit Award for his cinematography.  Warning to those who expect an uplifting denouement: stray far from this film - it will take you down with it.So goes it with Jennifer Connelly as the sleepwalking Marion, a bold beauty that lives only for the moment.  She and Harry latch on to one other in a seemingly devotional manner, but the truth is that their only bond lies in their drive for perpetual sedation. Leto has been in a string of films (both TV and big screen), having made his biggest impression in 1999's \\"Fight Club\\" as a bleach-blonde devotee to Tyler Durden's detrimental campaign.  Connelly has done much in the industry but her previous roles have left her undistinguished in the eyes of critics.  Since projects such as \\"Dark City\\", \\"Higher Learning\\" and \\"Waking The Dead\\", Connelly has reemerged and proven to be a commanding presence onscreen.  Sara's downfall is the most heartbreaking to witness for she is really the only character that can be sympathized with.  As well as undergoing emotional overhauls for her character, Burstyn endured several physical transformations, all of which entailed four prosthetic necks, two fat suits and nine wigs.  Her final scenes as a cadaverous and delusional Sara are a wonder to behold, Burstyn luminous in all of her character's madness.  Aronofsky personally said of Burstyn's performance, \\"What can I say, she's unbelievable.  I hope that audiences will feel they've been robbed by Hollywood, a business that has not hired this woman for twenty years. It's almost a crime on the world because of her abilities.&quot;  I echo Aronofsky's sentiments and say that while Julia Roberts was impressive in Steven Soderbergh's little doozy \\"Erin Brockovich\\", Burstyn was SORELY UNDERRATED.<br />\\"Requiem For A Dream\\" is not only to be appreciated for its artistry but for tackling an addiction that few of us really understand: FOOD.  The floating mirages of cupcakes, sizzling steaks and such may be humorous to some people, but for others it is inexplicable torture.  To tackle the obsession the world has with physical appearance is a topic that few have endeavored to render onto film and Aronofsky does a terrific job interpreting the anguish that obese people endure every minute of their lives.  Here's some encouragement for those who question watching this dour ditty: Burstyn was nominated for Best Actress in twelve different festivals (including the Oscars and the Golden Globes) and Matthew Libatique won an Independent Spirit Award for his cinematography.  Warning to those who expect an uplifting denouement: stray far from this film - it will take you down with it.
0767827791|5.0|Picnic is one of those films that just transports the viewer into another time and era and that's the sign of a truly great film. Holden has the daunting task of playing a loveable hustler with big dreams that he just can't make happen. So he decides to go back to familiar grounds and falls for kim Novak. Novak is a treasure in this movie her exotic beauty and shaky voice highlights her characters uneveness to conform into the town's perfect beautiful young woman. This film at it's time was billed as too sexy due to the dance that Novak and Holden share at the picnic and till this day the scene holds up great. The lust in both their eyes and Novaks raw sex appeal against Holden's rugged good looks is a sight to be hold. But the back story which I won't give a hint of is the true tale of this flick and shows how human nature is always determined by the role society wants you to play based on your looks! This film still holds up today as a work of pure sexual energy and raw human emotions.
0812550706|5.0|This is the masterpiece of one of the best science fiction and fantasy writers of all time.  Orson Scott Card is the only writer whose work equals that of J. R. R. Tolkien for its emotional impact.  Only the most obtuse of readers will not find this book remarkable.  It is a very simple book, and can easily be read in a couple of days (or even in a single sitting), and yet the complexities of character are incredibly sophisticated.  The loneliness felt by Andrew Wiggin is heart-rending, as is the feeling of betraying felt by Valentine when she cows to the military's request for aid with Ender.  The fear felt by Ender towards his older and malicious brother is very believable, and I think it is telling that it is children who most often remark how close to home the bullying within this book hits.  An often overlooked aspect of the book is the anguish felt by Graff and Anderson at what they are doing to this pre-adolescent child.  They are well aware that they are potentially destroying a sensitive child of overwhelming decency, but they see their need (which is humanity's) as the overweening demand.  Still, it hurts them immeasurably despite the necessity.  More than any other book I have ever read, &quot;Ender's Game&quot; treats children like human beings.  Card treats the child characters with respect, which not only makes them worthy of the reader's respect but also makes them much more real and believable.  Lastly, while this book is a great book and immediately worthy of five stars, it is the ending (the genesis of the concept of Speaker for the Dead) that moves this from being a great book to an elite pantheon.
0440213525|2.0|I was expecting much more from this book than I actually got.  In fact I was quite disappointed.  I had read other books by this author, but they were much better.  The plot was better too.
B000007VCM|5.0|Quite simply, this is the album that defines this band.  The later grungy, Bob Rock-produced miasma (&quot;The Cult&quot;, &quot;Sonic Temple&quot;, &quot;Beyond Good and Evil&quot;) definitely have their strong points, but if you are a new fan and looking to touch base with this band at their peak, this is the album.  It's almost perfect, really -- pure emotion pours out of each song, each instrument stark in its clarity (something that gets lost in the Bob Rock sludge that came later).  Every song hits home hard.  Grab this disc, you will not be sorry.
B00005LB9O|5.0|Travis has amazing talent, and that's what people can't seem to realize.  In Spin magazine, they were voted the most underated band of 2000, and I completely agree with this.<br />Travis has an amazing sound, a mix of pop-rock vocals and a brit-rock/art rock sound, which blends together so well.  While The Invisible Band is my introduction to Travis, I do have some idea of what they sounded like before, and I believe that this new album is more mature for Travis and has a much deeper and richer sound.<br />Of course everyone (most everyone anyway) has heard &quot;Sing&quot; and it still sounds like old Travis, but I think that the rest of the songs on the album are much more intriguing than that.  While &quot;Sing&quot; has a great melody and tone (and who can argue with that) the rest of the album sounds so original.<br />People don't give Travis enough credit, and thats perhaps the understatement of the year.  Sure, Travis is going on tour with electronica/pop diva Dido, but that doesnt mean that they aren't Brit-Rock.  I think when people find out about that stuff, they think Travis is 100% pop, and its just not so.<br />I can partially give you an example of how much theyve grown up, just by naming the producer, Nigel Godrich.  Maybe youve heard that name associated with Radiohead, it is also their producer that hooked up with them starting with their breakthrough sound.  While Travis is lightyears away from achieving the god-like, alien-like status of Thom and the band, they have achieved something great from an Earth-perspective.
B00003CXP1|5.0|This is a wonderful, dark film about drug addiction, as well as the destruction of hope. It is marvelously cast with wonderful performances by Jared Leto, Marlon Wayans, and Jennifer Connelly. It is Ellen Burstyn's bravura performance, however, that blows the viewer away.<br /><br />Burstyn plays the role of Sara Goldfarb, a lonely, middle aged widow who lives in Brooklyn and has a handsome, though heroin addicted son, Harry, affectingly played by Jared Leto. Harry spends most of his time shooting up and dealing drugs with his buddy, Tyrone, deftly played by Marlon Wayans. Harry has a pretty, well to do girlfriend, Marian, played by Jennifer Connelly, who walks on the wild side with Harry and begins her own downward spiral with drugs.<br />Sara is in denial about how serious her son's drug habit really is. She is, in fact, the great enabler when it comes to Harry. The concept of tough love never even enters her mind. After all, Harry is all she has. For her, hope springs eternal, when it comes to her beloved Harry.<br /><br />Sara spends her days glued to her tv set, watching her favorite game show or talking to other lonely, middle aged women who spend their time sitting in front of the multi-unit dwelling in which they all live. Her life is limited and stark, until she one day receives a call inviting her to be a contestant on that game show she watches. It is here that her life begins to unravel, as she goes on a diet in order to fit into her favorite red dress in preparation for her possible television debut. Fueled by diet pills provided by a so called &#34;doctor&#34;, she begins to live a life that parallels that of her son.<br /><br />The director, Darren Aronofsky, inventively shows the viewer the experience of drug addiction in a novel way, through a montage of vivid sensory and imagery bursts that become more frequent and intense, as the drug use in the film becomes more pervasive and relentless. He takes the viewer through the personal downward spiral of each of the four main characters in the movie, as they hurl on a personal collision course fueled by each one's respective drug addiction.  It is one of the most frightening and horrifying portrayals of drug addiction ever to grace the screen. Marvelously directed and acted, this is a film to remember. Bravo!each of the four main characters in the movie, as they hurl on a personal collision course fueled by each one's respective drug addiction.  It is one of the most frightening and horrifying portrayals of drug addiction ever to grace the screen. Marvelously directed and acted, this is a film to remember. Bravo!
B00005BJC7|5.0|definetly not what I expected and by far the best album by Radiohead yet.  surprising, stuning, and completely fresh.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|Baz Luhrmann, the visual genius behind the insipid &quot;Romeo + Juliet&quot; finally gives us a film that's more than style over substance.  In this summer of whiz-bang, brainless insults to dead Egyptians and fallen war heroes Luhrmann delivers a film that succeeds on almost every level.  <br />Visually, Moulin Rouge stands as a feast to the eyes.  Every scene drips with ambience.  Lighting effects, set designs, miniatures, costumes, all create an ocular punch.  Match the set preparation to Baz's keen eye for framing a shot and the viewer's treated to a euphoric tapestry of colors, shapes, faces, etc.  Of course for those people raised on Jerry Bruckheimer or convinced that someone like Spielberg is an &quot;artist&quot; then Baz's high energy shot composition, over-the-top music and jump cutting will drive them batty.<br />Moulin Rouge comes close to being something I thought I'd never call a film: art.  A bold, bright and somber at times, experiment in how a really gifted filmmaker can transform the normal banal moviegoing experience into a trip that knows nothing of time, space, history or reality.  Moulin Rouge succeeds where most films fail: the self disappears into this delightful film.  The viewer's taken to Baz's world, much as Burton attempts (sometimes successfully) with his films.  <br />In Baz's world we get the vibrant sets, the large faces, the delightful treat of hearing tired songs transformed into the first major musical on film in years.  Yes Woody Allen and Kenneth Branagh did the same thing recently, but they merely staged basic films with musical numbers.  Baz makes a whole world, sets it in his dimension's version of Paris, turn of the 20th Century and equips our stars with the lyrics to a whole variety of songs from all eras.  <br />And those songs, how much fun they are.  McGregor's initial declaration of love to Kidman is fantastic.  The mixing of Nirvana's &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit&quot; with the likes of &quot;Diamonds are a Girl's Best Friend&quot; and &quot;Material girl&quot; along with numerous numbers gel to create a distinct flavor to every scene.  The love song medley, as heard by a rather unromantic guy such as this reviewer got me grinning - no small feat.  Even the numbers written for the movie strike a perfect balance with the familiar pieces.<br />As far as performances, Kidman almost works totally here.  It's easily her best work since &quot;To Die For&quot; and she's got the look, and tackles her scenes with verve.  It's a pleasure to see her acting for once.  Of course her job is made tougher because her co-star shines, revealing once again why it's a shame he's in those dreadful Star Wars movies.  McGregor infuses Christian with such pain, eagerness, and giddiness that this kind of skill leaves one wondering how McGregor can ever stoop to being in a Lucas film.  Between the two McGregor's singing and acting actually carry the film.  The supporting players, most notably Jim Broadbent (Ziddler) and Richard Roxburgh quite often threaten to steal the stars' thunder.  Broadbent's carnie-like character and the seasoned age, skill and size he brings to his Ziddler generates so much energy in the film I can only hope he'll continue to find such engaging roles.  Roxburgh's Duke displays the kind of treacherous, weak villain that really can shine in a good film (plus he reminds me of the Prince from Disney's animated &quot;Robin Hood&quot;).<br />All in all, Moulin Rouge has supplanted my previous favorite of 2001, Memento.  I can't wait to own the DVD.
B00005B36H|5.0|I have been a Tool fan for some time now.  The CD that got me into them was, like most other people's, 1996's AEnima.  And I thought that was a great album.  Little did I know.  Their most recent album &quot;Lateralus&quot; is a departure from the more traditional metal sound of bands such as Staind, Cold, and Limp Bizkit.  The album's first track, &quot;The Grudge&quot;, sets the tone for this mind-expanding record.  About nine minutes long, this song will do nothing less than cause a massive coronary heart attack, epileptic seizures, a few tears, and a big smile.  The CD continues with both songs and interludes that add to the flow of the album.  Among my favorites are &quot;The Grudge&quot;, &quot;Schism&quot;, &quot;The Patient&quot;, and &quot;Ticks and Leeches&quot;.  If you are a musician and understand time signatures, prepare to be amazed.  Danney Carey's drumming will make any prospective or experienced drummer cry.  Maynard's voice is much more powerful this time around, pulling off a straight scream at the top of his lungs for 25 seconds straight in &quot;The Grudge&quot;.  Adam Jones' guitar mastery is both haunting and introspective.  As for Justin Chancellor, the bassist, listen to the beginning of &quot;Schism&quot;.  'Nuff said.  In my opinion, this album far exceeds &quot;AEnima&quot; and &quot;Undertow&quot; because it flows much smoother as an album and is much more musical and imaginative.  If you are a fan of Tool, then you should already have this.  If you are new to the band, then I would suggest &quot;Undertow&quot; or &quot;AEnima&quot; as first albums simply because they are easier to digest.  Simply put, this is an incredible album that should be used as an example of what hard rock music should really be: hard-hitting, musical, and emotional.  Bow down to the king.
B000002HH2|5.0|If you are having a creative block, you must listen to Post to get your brain moving.  There really is no overall mood, its every emotion divided into songs and put into a beautiful cd.  Its filled with tons of visuals and so much imagery, especially in songs like Army of Me, Hyper-Ballad, Isobel, Enjoy, and Possibly Maybe.  Its Oh So Quiet with its mix of big-band playing in some parts and her voice (soft and quiet, then loud and shrilly)is truly Bjork, I don't know who else could have done it so well.  The one song I automatically skip over every time I listen to the cd is You've Been Flirting Again, mainly because it makes me feel like I'm listening to a song from the Peter Pan soundtrack.  Other than that, this is a great cd.  If you've never listened to Bjork before and you're thinking of giving her a try, this is definitely the cd to choose.
B000007O9L|3.0|The Stones beat the Obligatory Live Album curse by serving up a semi-Unplugged show, recorded before a small but enthusiastic audience and featuring an intriguing selection of songs (never thought I'd hear 'em do Spider And The Fly again, let alone with such, well, sass as they do here). A little heavy on the ballads -- what did we do to deserve both Wild Horses AND Slipping Away on the one disc? -- and the version of Like A Rolling Stone isn't fit to wipe Bob's shoes; but all in all, very playable. If you must buy only one of the Stones' EIGHT currently available live albums, buy Ya-Ya's; but if you already have that, then by all means take the plunge and pick up Stripped.
B000000OSG|4.0|GNR do it again!  They just rock.  Use 2 may just be better than 1 becuase there is less filler.  Classic songs like Estranged and Civil War just make this album fantatic.  Other amazing songs include 14 Yars, Ysterdays, a great cover of Knockin on Heaven's Door, the very funny Get in the Ring [it's mint,] Breakdown, Shotgun Blues, Locomotive, So Fine, Pretty Tied Up, You Could Be Mine etc are just tops.  [Most the album really] but the alt. lyrics for Don't Cry ain't really worth putting on the disc and My World is just too wierd to bother with.  Another Amazing album by the best band ever but not their best by a long shot.  Appetite For Destruction takes that crown for being the finest album of all time and the gunner's best.  All their albums are highly recommended tho.
B000003BD3|3.0|A great showcase for a live band at the peak of their powers. That band is, of course, the Who. The Stones themselves sound pretty sloppy, and Salt Of The Earth is a cheat, being a backing tape to which Jagger sings live. (Jethro Tull mime too -- naughty Ian!) The other high point is the bone-crunching take on Yer Blues by Lennon, Clapton et al. Fairly mediocre -- one can understand why the band refused to release it at the time. Ah, but crank up the Who again ...
0380018179|5.0|What a fabulous book!  I really enjoy books that are about families and that is what this book is about, but also so much more.  This book follows the Cleary family through all the ups and downs, the births and deaths.  Though the family is large, the focus tends to be on Meggie, the only daughter.  The book is very insightful on human relationships whether it be between siblings, mother and daughter, father and son, or man and woman.  You will fall in love with this book and the 700 pages will fly by.  I enjoyed every last minute of it and hated to see the end.
B00003CXRP|4.0|A globetrotting Fed-Ex employee named Chuck (Tom Hanks), after kissing his sweetheart Kelly (Helen Hunt) goodbye at the airport, hops onto a Fed-Ex plane that eventually runs into major trouble during a fierce storm, and plummets into the sea. The plane's crew all perish, but Chuck is miraculously washed ashore on a deserted island, where he must fend for himself, using only the island's elements at his disposal, as well as some Fed-Ex packages that wash ashore from the plane wreckage....<br />Remember the great sci-fi cult classic from the early 60's, &quot;Robinson Crusoe On Mars,&quot; about a U.S. astronaut stranded all alone on the red planet? &quot;Cast Away&quot; seems to borrow somewhat from this film, with a few changes. Instead of futuristic gadgets to work with, our hero has Fed-Ex packages. Instead of an adorable wooly monkey &amp; an alien slave for company, our stranded protagonist has a volleyball that he draws a face on, names it Wilson (get it?), and talks to it. Personally, I'll give &quot;Cast Away&quot; credit where credit is due: despite being a disjointed film, it is Tom Hanks' terrific performance as Chuck that makes &quot;Cast Away&quot; the absorbing film that it is. <br />For the big middle section of &quot;Cast Away,&quot; the movie is basically The Tom Hanks Show: he's all that we see for the large second act of the film (which spans four years). There's lots of quiet time in this part of the film, too---Hanks doesn't speak very much (at least, not at first) as he struggles to survive on the island. And yet, as he goes from being washed ashore, to scouting out the island, to collecting the packages that wash up on the beach, to figuring out how to make fire and get food, to talking to his volleyball chum Wilson, etc., Hanks remains very compelling in the role of Chuck throughout. With any other actor in the role, this film could've been a major snoozefest. But with Hanks at it's center, you remain absorbed in his adventure (and needless to say, Hanks has got another well-deserved Oscar nomination headed his way with this one). And kudos to director Robert Zemeckis for his skillful direction of his star, as well as his incredible photography. <br />If &quot;Cast Away&quot; has any faults, it's that the film is a bit disjointed in it's storytelling, and the final portion of the film goes on a little too long. Unfortunately, I can't go into any of this without heading into spoiler territory. But in the end, what it all comes down to is this: your enjoyment of &quot;Cast Away&quot; primarily depends on whether or not you care about Tom Hanks' Fed-Ex man and what happens to him. Me? I DID care about this guy and what happens to him. Therefore, despite being imperfect, &quot;Cast Away&quot; still gets a solid recommendation from me. It's Tom's show all the way, and it's a good one.
0684867621|4.0|For anyone who is expecting a scary book this is not one. This book is very interesting even though it starts off slow. It's basically a book about the fears and challenges of being lost and the power of the human mind to survive and invent under pressure. I read this book in one day so it's obviously hard to put down if for no other reason than to find out the surprising ending.  Baseball fans will enjoy it, you'll see what I mean if you read it.
B00005B4GU|4.0|If there's one thing I can always count on with Radiohead, whether it's The Bends or their latest effort Amnesiac, it is their music has an atmospheric quality to it, and Anmesiac has plenty of surreal atmosphere to it.<br />On their latest effort, Radiohead releases more material from the sessions that brought us the music for Kid A and has the same kind of heavy use of electronics.  &quot;Pyramid Song&quot;, &quot;I Might Be Wrong&quot; and &quot;Knives Out&quot; are so far my favorite tracks.<br />I liked this album but I have to admit I'm also beginning to miss the old Radiohead.  They're evolving, but I hope the next time they're in the studio they record some more instrumental and less electronic material.
6302862949|5.0|Frankly, I don't see why everybody is so up in arms about the quality of this movie.  I, for one, don't need to preface my review with a disclaimer that only its dance sequences can be enjoyed.  I happen to think that it's a pretty excellent cinematographic work overall.  Let me elaborate.<br />The camera work here is among the most original and clever out there.  It's incredibly dynamic and energetic, offering unusual perspectives, delivering great close-ups, and skillfully capturing the sweeping wide spaces.  An unusually large amount of footage is devoted to the city landscapes of St. Petersburg - a rarity in American flicks on Russian themes.  It's all the more jarring, however, that despite attempts to ensure authenticity of the setting, at least the first couple of car rides seem to have been done in a stationary vehicle and plastered rather crudely against the city background.  But this is a forgivable and almost charming flaw, considering the film's limited budget and the release year of 1985.<br />The film is a paradox of sorts, showcasing interesting performances from Rossellini and Hines, two actors who have since been totally under-appreciated.  There's good chemistry between the impressionable and high-strung duet of Darya and Raymond.  Jerzy Skolimovski (Colonel Chaiko) is the classical cunning villain with a Slavic flare.  Baryshnikov himself seems a bit rigid and somewhat formulaic as Nikolay Rodchenko.  That is when he's not dancing, of course.  For when he dances, he unleashes all imaginable and unimaginable potential.<br />Obviously, the story line is sketched out in broad, exaggerated strokes.  But I bet the filmmakers actually expected the overall theatricality to be taken with a grain of salt.  Besides, the subject matter discussed wasn't keen on subtleties.  The events depicted were behind-the-scenes operations all right, but they were as blunt and theatrically bizarre as can be.  And as for those who think the circumstances and emotions of the dissidence and emigration (or defection in this case) experience are overblown - brush up on mid-20th century history and get a grip on things.  Not only had the Big Brother's machinery of state control and suppression been well oiled for decades in the Soviet Union and its satellites, but the shadow of this absurd, merciless beast hangs over many of those nations still.  Folks, the fictionalized account of Nikolay Rodchenko is merely a _slightly_ glamorized and dramatized version of real life experience of countless victims of the era.<br />The scenes of Nikolay and Darya fleeing through the deserted streets of Leningrad and the subsequent humiliation they experience in front of the American embassy send chills down my spine every time I watch the movie.  That threat and that danger are very real to me even though my emigration experience in the 1990s was simply peachy in retrospect and comparison.  Just as disturbing and sobering, by the way, is Rodchenko's reception by the Americans and the so-called international community inside the gates.  He to them is but a nimble exotic specimen...<br />Anyhow, let me dismount my high horse and reiterate, seconding the earlier reviews, that &quot;White Nights&quot; features superb, matchless dancing; and, to miss it is a deathly sin.  Well, almost... <br />There are essentially four dance highlights in the movie.  Choreography is mainly by Baryshnikov, Hines, and, very importantly, Twyla Tharp.  Baryshnikov's duet with Florence Faure in the opening credits is bound to leave your breathless. It is sheer perfection - immensely inventive and impeccably executed.  The second instance when you'll forget that you could blink and breathe is during the 11 rubles for 11 pirouettes number.  He does it with a godly effortlessness.  Hines' and Baryshnikov's dance studio number is fascinating to watch. And, then... Then, there's Mikhail's solo to Vysotsky's tape on the stage of the Kirov theatre.  Its beauty is literally painful and words can never describe it.<br />If you haven't seen &quot;White Nights&quot; or have seen it only once, you're denying yourself an unearthly pleasure.  And you can snicker at my high-flown sighs and exclamations all you want :)
B0000021RD|5.0|I was 11 when Chicago II was released and of course only heard the hits. Now I own the CD and must say that if you like Chicago then you will love this LP; there is a broad spectrum of musical styles and many surprises. You are taken from jazz to, pop, to rock to what sounds like the score to a 70s TV show or movie. There is a song that will have you thinking you are listening to chamber music. It's an LP that you can sit and listen to in its entirety and enjoy every note while smiling or singing along.You will listen to the hits: Make Me Smile; 25 Or 6 To 4 or Colour My World with new appreciation when you see where they fit in on this LP that is well thought out and pieced together. I am addicted.There is nothing boring about Chicago II. It truly is a treasure. You get much more than your money's worth. This is really one of the best LPs I have heard.
0312966199|5.0|I read these books when I was younger and last summer I went to Yorkshire, England.  I was surprised to find that the locals actually spoke they way they did in the book.  I never met anyone quite as amusing as the characters in this book, though.  I re-read this book and found myself laughing out loud almost every chapter.  This book is well-written and very amusing.  I recommend this book to people of all ages.
B000059R8Y|5.0|I am a true Eric Clapton fan. Listening to his music is such a pleasure that you will never be annoyed of any of his CD's. But &quot;Reptile&quot; is one of the best he ever produced. I don't understand some bad critics of this CD. In my opinion is every song brand new and each one is based on a different rhythm-scheme. I also think that the newest Clapton CD is better than his last &quot;Riding with the King&quot;. But don't forget: Buying a CD from Clapton is never &quot;wasting money&quot;!
B00005JCAA|5.0|Although it wasn't Brad Pitt's finest performance to date, but definitely a good movie.  Claire Forlani also plays a good female romantic lead.  If you've seen AntiTrust, you'd agree that she belongs in a romantic lead.  She just can't play a villain like she tries to in AntriTrust.  Anthony Hopkins is wonderful as always.  Brad Pitt being my favorite, was the main attraction for this, and I was in a melancholy mood during the first viewing, so this was the perfect movie.  Definitely right for a date.<br />And the scene where Brad Pitt's and Claire Forlani's characters meet for the first time, in the cafe, if up there with my personal favorite scenes of all time.  <br />Critics bashed it, but they also bashed Brad Pitt's best film, &quot;Fight Club&quot;... Don't be stupid, just rent it or something.
B00004XONN|5.0|Kid A, as most of you probably know if you are thinking about buying this album, premiered at the top of the charts, but was met with mixed reviews. The CD, while extremely experimental, has been cited by Thom Yorke (Radiohead's frontman) to be the band's inevitable evolution. This album was probably not meant to be a traditional rock album, nor to be traditional in any sense. The Fact here is that if you are not afraid of experimenting, or afraid of bending the rock genre a little bit, then you will like this album. If you aren't afraid of liking it, you WILL. The thing is that this is still music, and music, if it is good, will obviously appeal no matter the genre (and i will stress that this is still rock, just, as I said before, not traditional rock). This music indubitably appeals. For the most part, the album is not entirely electronic. Many of the songs would be relatively traditional (guitars, among other instruments, are still present, but there is a plethora of additional effects that are produced electronically. This, in effect, merely polishes the music, and, I think, gives it a tonality that evokes a certain emotion when you think about the album called &quot;Kid A.&quot; A solid album.
B00005IBGQ|3.0|I heard Rufus perform many of these songs live in L.A. where he seemed to have evolved his gen-x Cole Porter/Stephen Foster persona into some sort of intriguing amalgamation of Franklin Pangborn and Robert Plant. I held hope then that this disc of ornamental ditties might rock a little more than it does. There are solid melodies and ideas here, but they seem to be trapped in the layers of (overly?) romantic gauze still hanging around from the first album. You know that when a collaboration with the Propellerheads (&quot;Shadows&quot;) sounds stillborn and an homage to Led Zeppelin (&quot;Evil Angel&quot;) is more chamber music than evil backwater blooz, something's askew. Perhaps Poses will grow on me, its subtle charms digging deeper than they did on the first few listens. Wish the lyric pages in the booklet were easier to read however; Rufus' enunciation is still a thing uniquely his own!
6305363668|3.0|In comparison to the original version, complete with Harrison Ford's voiceover, the Director's Cut doesn't really cut it. This is because the film is based on a book in which there is little in the way of the overt action required for a Hollywood blockbuster that would be competitive with the likes of Alien or Star Wars, and any deeper meaning is too obscure to be successfully conveyed in anything other than an art-house film. <br />Only the spectacular cinematography and the highly accomplished integration of its soundtrack has saved Blade Runner from the oblivion that it would otherwise have enjoyed, as has been the case for subsequent films such as Event Horizon, which rely too heavily on SFX to bolster a thin story line more suited to an episode of the Twilight Zone.<br />Blade Runner, in its Director's Cut guise, is simply an indulgence for nerds with the inclusion of the unicorn dream sequence to reinforce the idea that Deckard was an android - like I could give a Shatner. The so called `upbeat ending' of the original is insignificantly different except as an exercise to harmonise the look of the film. And the dropping of the voiceover makes the longer interior scenes drag, as do those in Michael Mann's, Manhunter.<br />The original fails by virtue of the slack closing sequence in which Deckard and Batty race about through the upper floors of Sebastian's apartment building. This might have been reconciled by judicious editing, but as it is, in both the original and the Director's Cut, it saps the film of necessary momentum, and is slightly pretentious.<br />My feeling is that the original with a few editing tweaks would have been altogether a better move than what the Director's Cut tries to achieve; the modifications employed and their justification offensive and condescending to those, like myself, who enjoyed the film when it first came out.<br />Re-release the original, guys, and quit being so precious. <br />( One for the nerds: compare the closing scenewhere Batty plucks Deckard from the steel beam with the scene from Star Trek's `What are little girls made of' in which the android plucks Kirk from the edge of the bottomless chasm. Uncannily similar - huh? ).
044022165X|3.0|Typical Grisham. His protagonist is an inexperienced lawyer/law student who gets overwhelmed trying to do the right thing. It even has the typical Grisham happy ending.<br />With the exception of 'A Time to Kill' and 'The Firm', if you have read one Grisham, you have read them all. I am sure there are many Grisham faithful that will crucify me for that statement, but, in my opinion, Grisham is often a lot of hype.
B000007R1E|5.0|As I listen to this CD, I am drawn to two inevitable conclusions: this is hands-down the finest surround sound music I have listened to, and that DTS is a superior technology to Dolby.  I now own about 25 of these surround sound discs (DVD and DTS CD's), and this is just so much better than ANYTHING else I have that comparisons are grossly unfair.  The remix of this music gets maximum use of all five channels.  The center and rear channels are deftly and skillfully deployed throughout. The sound truly does &quot;surround&quot;, if not, bath the listener with a life-like dynamic.  Production is unbelievably clean, with channel separation that deconstucts the orignal recording, while recreating the music in an jawdropping, emotionally charged manner.  If you only buy one surround sound recording, this is the ONE!
6304132271|1.0|Seven is a dark, brooding film, filmed in dreary colors, about a police search for a man intent on committing seven murders based on the 7 deadly sins. It is unbelievable, predictable and disgusting, a film with no redeeming features which should be avoided at all costs. It sets out to shock rather than entertain. You have been warned!
B00005B5L4|5.0|This is on of the best DVD audio/5.1 audio CD's I have listened to.  The well produced, squeaky clean quality of the original recording is signficantly enhanced on this five channel DVD.  The rear channels are significantly and consistently deployed throughout, as this five channel version makes these classic pop tunes comes alive with new vitality and energy.
B000002OX7|5.0|Definitely a 70's rock classic and a timeless album. It is one of the main foundations of hard rock. The re-mastered edition includes several tracks that were left out in the original record and includes some alternate takes. Accept them as a bonus. If you love the Who it is an interesting document if not they are irrelevant to the value of the CD. The original tracks influenced, changed the sound of modern music when it was released.  <br />The arrangements and the composition of the themes are more sophisticated and produced than the previous Who's material. In addition, the album has a variety of styles and instrumentation that outperforms many of The Who's peers at that time. It is as good as it gets when you are a \\"rock band\\".  The Who's playing  and recording is superb for the early 70's. In summary, it is a highlight in The Who's career and an essential album in rock music.
B00004WC6J|5.0|I heard one of his songs on radio but after only the title was mentionned, I didn't understand the artist's name.I was thrilled listening to his song on the radio back then. It's good quality music not the usual stuff you hear on radio.  I always loved R. Sakamoto's music and it does not surprise me to find his name mentionned in context with D. Sylvian. If you like Sakomoto, you'll love David Sylvian!
B00003CXB6|5.0|THE LOST WORLD: JURASSIC PARK, is the sequel to the 1993 smash blockbuster JURASSIC PARK.  This time, four years later, Ian Malcolm (Jeff Goldblum) is asked by the creator of Jurassic Park, John Hammond (Richard Attenborough), to attend a group of three others to another island by Costa Rica where they used to breed the original dinosaurs of Jurassic Park, and check up on them- to see how the animals are surviving and thriving in a natural habitat, with no fences what so ever.  Yet, a group of hunters are led by a poacher who has caught everything but a T-Rex and tries to hunt a large male, while an obcessed-with-money businessman tries to take dinosaurs off the island, and bring them to the mainland to create his own park.<br />Note:  I saw the first Jurassic Park in theaters when I was six years old and was scared out of my mind!  It was a real thrill seaker!  Now LOST WORLD, I did see in the theaters as well when I was nine and loved that one as well, but not as much.  Even then I noticed the differences in the way Steven Spielberg made the sequel to the original film.<br />MY REVIEW:<br />&quot;This movie is a positive sequel to the original!  (&quot;Let me get this straight... no fences this time, and you wanna send people in, very few people on the ground...&quot;- IAN MALCOLM from the movie)  JULIANNE MOORE (Hannibal) plays Ian's girlfriend who runs off to the island before everyone else, does a poor job.  Her acting was worse than Jar Jar Binks in Star Wars Episode 1!  Yet it worked out!  Malcolm daughter- (Do you see any family resemblence)- NO!  ... ... ...  Spielberg what are you doing!  Though the movie was fun.  More dinosaurs, more action and all but just doesn't have the magic of the original!  THE MOVIE IS STILL REALLY GOOD!  Why do so many put this movie down?  The T-Rex's roar is different for the original Jurassic Park- if you recall.  The T-Rex in the original was a lot more scary than these two!  The scene where T-Rex eats the lawyer in the original is far more memorable than when the two T-Rex's eat Eddie in this film.  But overall this film is just dinorific action f/x filled fun- so check out this hit blockbuster sequel immediately!&quot;- MJV &amp; the Movies
0140177396|5.0|The eighth-graders at my school have the choice to read this and do novel projects, and one day as I was walking along the aisles of the library, one of my favorite places, I saw this book.  I really hadn't heard anything about what any of the eighth graders thought about this book, but I, a seventh-grader, decided I would try it out because there were always a lot of people who picked this book for their projects.  I later learned that they chose it because it was short, but this is entirely the wrong reason.  It is a beautiful story that will bring tears to your eyes.  It is about two men who have a dream that everyone says will never come true.  It is also about their bond so tight that George doesn't ever leave his friend even though it would probably cause him a lot less worry and trouble.  It is a truly beautiful theme which only Steinbeck can explain so well.  This book is definitely worth your time.
B000000993|4.0|I am just recently a fan of TOOL, and I finally have all their albums... It's hard to make a fair review because they're all great. I liked this one lyrically best though.<br />You probably know the singles &quot;Prison Sex&quot; (Cool song but what's with the title?) and &quot;Sober&quot;. Those aren't even the best songs on here. This is one of the best metal bands I've ever heard. Even if Guns 'N Roses' &quot;The Spaghetti incedent&quot; was released on the same year, this has a lot more energy and is less boring. They also haven't made Load or ReLoad like Metallica did.<br />&quot;Swamp Song&quot; is my personal favorite for some reason, it just gets in your head.<br />Buy any album from TOOL and you'll be satisfied. That's why this has a current rating of 4.9 And maybe AEnima is a better start.... Or maybe OPIATE since it's a half-studio half-live EP w/ a bonus track.
B000002UJQ|5.0|If you don't see the brilliance in OK Computer you might want to upgrade your am radio to a nice stereo, and give up your favorite past time of humming the Gilligan's Island theme song.  This album is only for people that recognize sonic brilliance when they hear it, so if you like the Spice Girls this might not be for you.  I doubt if anyone has OK Computer and the BackStreet Boyz in their collection either (although I could be wrong, wonders never cease!).  This is hauntingly spiritual entrancing music that grabs you down at the core of your being, not happy go lucky trite in any sense of the word. I'd say it's comparable to Pink Floyd's best, or the Beatles moodier songs, maybe Happiness is a warm Gun meets Great Gig in the Sky. Be careful, it can pull dangerous emotions from within your soul!
0316921173|3.0|In response, every review on the page save Derk's missed the point entirely.  This is an amazingly well crafted and thought out novel, giving one of the best, if not the definitive, journalistic accounts of both addiction and depression.  While this is a substantial achievment (truly, I may not be giving him enough credit for this), the novel fails to be the next truly groundbreaking piece of literature.  I am a snob, and I don't mind saying it, so the review is low because I have given David Foster Wallace the pleasant position of competing with the greatest authors of all time.  I found, however, that his novel was more smart than it was heartfelt, and instead was the same ironic cage that David Foster Wallace comments on in his essay on television (the second essay in &quot;A Supposedly Fun Thing I'll Never Do Again&quot;, which I must say is the best essay I've ever read on television, and is a better introduction to Wallace that a 1088 page book...but I digress.) Again, I revisit the main point: this is the best account to date, that I have read, on addiction and depression, both of which are issues deeply important to me about which I have done tremendous research.  I tip my hat to David Foster Wallace, and hope he can say something next time that he himself wouldn't criticize.
B00005BJC7|4.0|I don't know whether to like this album or hate this album.  Every day is a different feeling towards this album.  I didn't really get into radiohead until Kid A, ok computer got my interest up.  I agree with a few of the reviewers when they think that radiohead is trying to &quot;loss&quot; fans by putting out this music and is just testing our intelligence but I think in doing this they're creating interesting music.  The packaging is wonderful on the limited edition, kind of a bizarre library book.  I think the artwork is the most interesting part of the whole album.
B00003CXRP|4.0|The whole key to this movie is in the title.  It is not a Robinson Crusoe/Swiss Family Robinson castaway movie.  It is not about merely surviving on a remote tropical island. It is about being Cast Away--away from everything, everyone, society as a whole.  This man Chuck is so connected to life and he is suddenely removed from that.  This movie is a celebration of surival and endurance--not just on the island but returning to familiar ground that isn't really familiar anymore. It is one of the most compelling movies I have had the pleasure of watching.
0060392886|4.0|These guys really knew how to party.  But I wouldn't want to trade places with them.  It's as shocking a tale as the new book I just read about Alice In Chains called &quot;Unchained, the story of Mike Starr.&quot;  No one seems to know how to save these guys from themselves.  I love celebrity ugliness and these two books definitely have it.
B00003CXSP|4.0|Apparently I get the impression that if you slam a movie with a bad review, exactly what the vast majority of people here have done with &quot;Hannibal&quot;, that it makes you sound like an expert critique of movies.  The sad part is that half of you spell Lecter wrong.  The next time you review a movie maybe you should actually try to sound like you know what you're talking about.  Now...<br />As much as &quot;Silence&quot; kept most of the gore in the mind or off screen, a lot of you don't realize that Hannibal Lecter is a KILLER.  I wouldn't have been surprised if he had done more than just serve a man's brain as dinner.  I knew and definitely anticipated when I first saw this movie that it wasn't going to just beat around the bush with how gruesome his character was, and I'm glad they didn't.  I'm also glad that they didn't go into any detail concerning Hannibal's childhood as Harris did in the novel.  Putting that on screen would have confused us on whether we should sympathize with this cannibal and his harsh past.  The character works much better as the antihero he is.<br />I don't think in any way that Hannibal lost his menace from &quot;Silence&quot; at all.  It would have been silly for him to repeatedly pop out of dark corners and eat people.  Some might argue that he does this in the movie, but if you look closely you can see that he never sneaks up on the audience itself so to speak.  The fact is that his character is a calm and calculating killer, not a teenager in a ghost mask brandishing a knife.  What makes him scary is the fact that he might be kissing your hand at an opera one minute and biting your face off the next.<br />I think it's great that Anthony Hopkins decided to do this movie regardless of the terrible reviews which were definitely inevitable.  As a sequel, it's hard to even consider it one because the storyline is so far removed from where &quot;Silence&quot; left off.  I think people merely came to the conclusion that if Foster, Demme and Tally didn't want a part of it that it must be a bad movie.  Not the case.<br />I enjoyed the movie, I enjoyed Ridley Scott's direction which didn't turn the movie into a full-out slasher flick but instead gave it a tone worthy of &quot;Hannibal the cannibal&quot;, I enjoyed the story, and I also believe that if the movie had gone the direction of the book in the end I wouldn't have minded.  But, in order to have done that the movie would have to have been lengthened by at least two hours.  I have absolutely no problem with the screenplay's ending though, it fits the characters well.<br />Bottom Line: Hannibal is a good movie, after watching it I said to myself, &quot;I want this movie on DVD&quot;, and a lot of people seem to feel the same way regardless of all the uninformed reviews from you people who gave it one star.  Your not fooling the people who UNDERSTOOD this movie and enjoyed it for what it was.
B00005BJ2O|4.0|I'm a fan of Ewan McGregor, so I knew I'd see this movie eventually.  Ewan doesn't fail to impress, and neither does Nicole; Unlike Ewan, though, Nicole doesn't seem confident enough to belt it out.  I bought the soundtrack after seeing the movie, because I wanted to hear Ewan and Nicole. I do wish they included other songs that were actually performed, particularly &quot;Spectacular, Spectacular,&quot; and the Broadbent/Roxburgh duet of &quot;Like a Virgin.&quot; Overall, the CD's quite good.
B00003CXSP|4.0|Apparently I get the impression that if you slam a movie with a bad review, exactly what the vast majority of people here have done with &quot;Hannibal&quot;, that it makes you sound like an expert critique of movies.  The sad part is that half of you spell Lecter wrong.  The next time you review a movie maybe you should actually try to sound like you know what you're talking about.  Now...<br />As much as &quot;Silence&quot; kept most of the gore in the mind or off screen, a lot of you don't realize that Hannibal Lecter is a KILLER.  I wouldn't have been surprised if he had done more than just serve a man's brain as dinner.  I knew and definitely anticipated when I first saw this movie that it wasn't going to just beat around the bush with how gruesome his character was, and I'm glad they didn't.  I'm also glad that they didn't go into any detail concerning Hannibal's childhood as Harris did in the novel.  Putting that on screen would have confused us on whether we should sympathize with this cannibal and his harsh past.  The character works much better as the antihero he is.<br />I don't think in any way that Hannibal lost his menace from &quot;Silence&quot; at all.  It would have been silly for him to repeatedly pop out of dark corners and eat people.  Some might argue that he does this in the movie, but if you look closely you can see that he never sneaks up on the audience itself so to speak.  The fact is that his character is a calm and calculating killer, not a teenager in a ghost mask brandishing a knife.  What makes him scary is the fact that he might be kissing your hand at an opera one minute and biting your face off the next.<br />I think it's great that Anthony Hopkins decided to do this movie regardless of the terrible reviews which were definitely inevitable.  As a sequel, it's hard to even consider it one because the storyline is so far removed from where &quot;Silence&quot; left off.  I think people merely came to the conclusion that if Foster, Demme and Tally didn't want a part of it that it must be a bad movie.  Not the case.<br />I enjoyed the movie, I enjoyed Ridley Scott's direction which didn't turn the movie into a full-out slasher flick but instead gave it a tone worthy of &quot;Hannibal the cannibal&quot;, I enjoyed the story, and I also believe that if the movie had gone the direction of the book in the end I wouldn't have minded.  But, in order to have done that the movie would have to have been lengthened by at least two hours.  I have absolutely no problem with the screenplay's ending though, it fits the characters well.<br />Bottom Line: Hannibal is a good movie, after watching it I said to myself, &quot;I want this movie on DVD&quot;, and a lot of people seem to feel the same way regardless of all the uninformed reviews from you people who gave it one star.  Your not fooling the people who UNDERSTOOD this movie and enjoyed it for what it was.
B00000ICD9|3.0|This movie is interesting because it tries to approach the idea of human mortality from an all-encompassing philosophical system by drawing on several different philsophical and theological ideas simultaneously so that no one religion or belief system is emphasized moreso than the other.  By using this approach, the movie attempts to examine and communicate the raw truths of life and death.  The film also communicates to its audience in raw emotion through the use of archetypical characters with often melodramatic performances that succeed even though they shouldn't.  The images of Hell are obviously inspired by Dante's &quot;Inferno&quot;.  Though the Hell visuals are impressive, they by no means capture the hopelessness and despair of Hell.  What's most impressive is the director's attempt at visually capturing on film an idea of Heaven.  The attempt alone deserves merit and this is where the film's visuals succeed the most.  On DVD, the colors are rich and bright and serve as a good reference disc to check to see if your TV is calibrated properly.  There are generous extras and the audio mix is about average.  After several repeated viewings, I have come to like this film more and more.
0790729628|5.0|Having heard Blade Runner was an impressive film, I went to the local video store to rent it. I wasn't impressed. I watched it again later that same year and I came to the same conclusion. Three years passed and I watched The Director's Cut on DVD in its original widescreen format. This time I saw Ridley Scott's vision.... A True Gem!<br />I'm my opinion, the directors cut is one of the most beautiful science fiction films ever made. This film doesn't require marration... what it needs is an audience willing to watch the film at its own pace while absorbing all the little innuendos.  Spoon-feeding the viewer by use of narration, strips this film of its beauty, mystery, and elegance. <br />I strongly recommend The Directors Cut, and I would suggest watching it in widescreen (letterbox), for the complete effect. Pan and Scan does not do any film justice... especially this one!  Don't decipher the script as it plays, instead let the imagery and story line flow and don't dissect what you have seen until the film credits roll up the screen.
B00003CXN4|4.0|This was a really good movie.  The separate story lines each give you a differing perspective about the war on drugs.  The story lines with Michael Douglas and Benisio DelToro were great...each struggling with their own drug-related battles.  My only problem with the movie was the story line centered around Catherine Zeta-Jones - wasn't sure why it was there.  It never seemed to add to the overall theme of the movie and I was left with a feeling it was added so that Catherine would have something to do while Michael worked.<br />All in all, a good movie that provides good food for thought.
B00004W55E|5.0|I love this CD!  Rachelle does a wonderful job of portraying the song and bringing the listener into the emotion and feelings of the work.  This has become a favorite of mine when I need to unwind and relax.  It goes really well with a glass of Chardonnay ;-)
B00004ZB9D|5.0|I have all of Lenny's work - I love his songs!!  This compilation truly is the greatest of his work - bravo to the people who selected this collection.
B00003CXRP|4.0|It is amazing how good of an actor Tom Hanks is!  He spends about 45 minutes of the movie not talking and still is able to draw you into the character and plot of the movie.  I find that so incredible!  This movie is really good...watching him struggle to survive on the island, seeing the development of his 'relationship' with Wilson is hilarious and witnessing his return to civilization is hardwarming.  Good movie!
B00005BJ2O|5.0|This is a great soundtrack, though it may sound like a hodgepodge of various singers, songs and styles, it will all come together and make sense once you see the movie. Lady Marmalade is fantastic, cristina's range is very impressive.&quot;elephant love medley&quot; is a cool blend of 10 love songs. &quot;nature boy&quot; (version 2) is a very dark, creepy closure to the album. The best songs are: Lady Marmalade, Come What May, and Nature Boy (version 2). Buy the cd, see the movie, Enjoy!
B000056K04|5.0|I have read harsh review after harsh review about DMB's newest album, &quot;Everyday.&quot; Most say that it doesn't echo his previous works. I have yet to figure out why this is a bad thing.<br />I would never guess Dave would give electric a try, but it just proves to me what a talented and versatile musician he is. I found the album to be WONDERFUL, and it rarely leaves my CD player now. His lyrics are equally as powerful as his previous albums, yet there is more depth to the music. Some of my favorites are the spunky &quot;When the World Ends&quot; and the pleading ballad &quot;The Space Between.&quot; <br />In fact, my fiance, who usually dislikes Dave Matthews Band, has gained a new affinity for the group. The electric edge was just enough to sway his opinion.<br />I will always love DMB, whether they release edgy electric songs or traditional accoustic songs. I'll be just as happy if they release another &quot;Everyday&quot;-esque album or revert back to the &quot;Crash&quot; style. Those who would disagree with me --- think about why you don't like the album. Here is an artist that is moving forward and progressing musically, and you would stifle his creativity? Should we now abandon our CDs and go back to 8-track tapes to avoid progression? Growth, people, is a good thing!
B0000508U6|5.0|my man bought this album, i swiped it and brought it to work; i was tentative, figured it would be more of the same crap that fills the radio today.  i was wrong.  the tunes are all really unique with nice hooks and great guitar &amp; bass work. it's a very moody album, not pretentiously so, just quietly intense with periods of energetic grooves. all the songs are strong, it's not just an album with 2 singles and a bunch of filler.  the lyrics, while not earthshattering, are honest and solid. the vocals are a highlight; haunting and earnest.  not for everyone, but for fans of their style, a definite must-have.
0440133688|5.0|Excellent read for any medical student or pre-med. It gets to the heart of medicine and explores a plethra of issues in residency. At times, it is very cynical. I cried because I was laughing and sad...sometimes simultaneously. Ironically, a Dr in the ED I work in quoted one of the rules...BUN+age= lasix dose....just a few days ago. While, it is depressing and honest, there is an uplifting aspect. As the god-like physicians develop, both young and old, we see how the stages and coping mechanisms help them mature into human doctors.
B000002J1I|2.0|Often considered a target for rotten produce, Tormato is classic Yes at their most self-indulgent.  Still, compared to what has followed, the album isn't *that* dreadful.  What drags the album down is Jon Anderson's new agey flights of fancy (what the British call &quot;twee&quot;), particularly the woeful Circus Of Heaven.  Some may also find Rick Wakeman's keyboards to be an exercise in synthesized cheddar<br />Highlights are Future Times/Rejoice, and On The Silent Wings Of Freedom, both of which are fueled by Chris Squire's monumental bass work.  Release Release is another uptempo rocker.  Don't Kill The Whale also features some fun chord progressions over a driving rock beat, but is marred by some of the cheesiest lyrics this side of a Velveeta commercial.<br />If you are new to Yes, start with the real classics...this one might make you wonder how this band has lasted so long
B00005B4GU|4.0|In reality I think this album deserves about three and a half stars.  Let me also say that I'm a huge Radiohead fan and have been since Pablo Honey, and that Kid A is my favorite album from the band.<br />Down to business - If you liked Kid A you'll probably also like Amnesiac; If you hated Kid A you'll probably also hate Amnesiac.  Although they are quite different, they have a similar style and you can tell they were recorded in the same sessions.  That being said, Kid A soars above Amnesiac in one respect: while Kid A was definitely a cohesive album with a strong sense of flow and an overall feel, Amnesiac is all over the place and sounds more like a collection of songs than an album.  That's not to say that Kid A had better songs that Amnesiac, just that they fit together much more snugly.  Amnesiac still has some classic moments (Packed..., Knives out, ...Glass house to name a few), and is truly beautiful in places (Spinning plates, You and Who's Army), but it just doesn't seam to have that feel that classic albums have.<br />I'd also like to comment that some of the reviewers who have criticized Amnesiac for sounding like Kid A leftovers have obviously never heard any Radiohead B sides (go pick up the Airbag/How an I Driving? and Iron Lung ep's; you'll be pleasantly surprised.)  Also, those of you fawning over Radiohead for being the only bastion of art in originality in a sea of mediocre music, go check out Tortoise or God Speed you Black Emperor, or even R.E.M. and Yo La Tengo's newer stuff.  Radiohead has company in terms of innovation and beauty, but still lead the pack.
B000002J1S|5.0|I'll start by saying that if you primarily like catchy pop which doesn't require any effort on the part of the listener to appreciate, you are in the wrong place!  The Lamb, often considered Genesis' magnum opus, is a dense, surreal work which requires several listens to fully appreciate.  Each listen, however, will bring out new nuances, subtleties, and flourishes that make this such an incredible album that provides years of enjoyment.<br />It has long been fashionable to denigrate progressive rock as being pretentious, self-indulgent garbage.  In some cases, that has been true, but certainly not with The Lamb: The Lamb represents the best of what prog rock has to offer - intelligent, well-played music that can really rip a hole in your heart.  The band is in top-notch form as it creates the musical tapestry surrounding Peter Gabriel's story of Rael, a Puerto Rican New York street punk on a journey of self-awareness and sexual awakening.<br />There are far too many great moments to cover in great detail here - the sinister menace of Fly On A Windshield with that pregnant pause before the band explodes into a massive wall of sound, the gorgeous melodies of The Lamia and Hairless Heart, the uptempo rocking abandon of IT, the proggy proto-punk of Back In NYC.<br />It's an old issue about Gabriel-era vs Collins-era, but The Lamb provides ample evidence as to WHY the old Genesis is so beloved and held in such high regard.  Back in the 70's, Genesis simply wrote music that is vastly more intricate, more absorbing, more passionate that the lightweight material that has brought them commercial success.  For anybody who wants to hear something that challenges them, that goes way beyond the derivative dreck that infests much of mainstream pop and rock, listen to The Lamb and prepare to be blown away
B000002UAU|5.0|Bluesisbest you are so right man,that Ford guy is way off base. To use popularity as a basis for negating a work of art is the logic of the ignorant. Sgt Pepper is easily one of the finest rock albums ever,light years ahead of anything the Stones,Hendrix,Who et al ever did. Simply put Sgt Pepper influenced directly or indirectly EVERY rock/pop record released post-1967. Many who dismiss the Beatles do so because they eclipse their own favorites. Sgt Pepper is an exercise in artistic supremacy,I once read that the Hollies producer on seeing the recording of 'Day In The Life',almost cracked up ala Brian Wilson. They have NO competition.
B000002J27|5.0|Supposedly considered down for the count with the departure of Peter Gabriel, Genesis rebounded with some of their most beautiful music ever.  Trick displays the unique Englishness of the group, starting with that whimsical, Dickensian cover.  Banks, Hackett, Rutherford, and Collins all step to the fore, showing that Genesis is as much about their considerable musical abilities as it is about Gabriel's unique theatrical fantasies<br />Part of the album contains a recurring musical theme: introduced in Dance On A Volcano, revisited in Squonk, and finally reprised in Los Endos.  Hackett's acoustic guitar work shines on Entangled, while Banks displays the sonic marvels of his &quot;banks&quot; of keyboards to good measure in Robbery, Assault, &amp; Battery.  And then there is Ripples, a story of &quot;the passing of time and the coming of old age&quot;, one of the band's most moving songs ever.<br />Another fine album from a band that was once synonymous with intelligent, creative music
B00004XQ83|5.0|I am not a big fan of Country music, let alone bluegrass, but after seeing this movie you just have to get the soundtrack.  The song &quot;I am a man of Constant Sorrow&quot; is worth the whole cd.  This soundtrack is even destined to become a classic.  Who thought that this cd would outsell the backstreet boys CD every single week of 2001? Its time for real music, to the roots of where american music started.  This soundtrack is enjoyable, and goes to the exact order of the movie.  Even if you arent a bluegrass fan (i stay as far away as i can from it) you should still own this sountrack.
B000002J27|5.0|Supposedly considered down for the count with the departure of Peter Gabriel, Genesis rebounded with some of their most beautiful music ever.  Trick displays the unique Englishness of the group, starting with that whimsical, Dickensian cover.  Banks, Hackett, Rutherford, and Collins all step to the fore, showing that Genesis is as much about their considerable musical abilities as it is about Gabriel's unique theatrical fantasies<br />Part of the album contains a recurring musical theme: introduced in Dance On A Volcano, revisited in Squonk, and finally reprised in Los Endos.  Hackett's acoustic guitar work shines on Entangled, while Banks displays the sonic marvels of his &quot;banks&quot; of keyboards to good measure in Robbery, Assault, &amp; Battery.  And then there is Ripples, a story of &quot;the passing of time and the coming of old age&quot;, one of the band's most moving songs ever.<br />Another fine album from a band that was once synonymous with intelligent, creative music
B000002H6C|5.0|Few bands can so utterly dominate their genre as Metallica did in the mid to late 80's. Quite simply, if you were a teenager into heavy-metal between 1985-90, then you were a Metallica fan.  <br />I was just such a teenager, and I worshipped Metallica. <br />I can still remember the day that &quot;...And Justice for All&quot; came out. I hated it. But, because it was Metallica, I kept on listening, and listening. <br />Before long, I fell in love with this album, and I would see the band 3 times on the &quot;Justice&quot; tour alone--hey, I even managed to be down in the very front for a couple of the shows and received the most coveted prize in all of Metallica fandom: James Hetfield's beer cup.<br />With &quot;Justice&quot; Metallica had reached the peak of &quot;Metallica-ness&quot;, if that makes any sense. THIS was the band that they were meant to be. Jason Newstead had just joined the group, the band had dipped in to their own pockets to cover the cost of a double album so that the fans who only had a turntable and not a CD player or cassette deck would not have to pay extra for the vinyl LP, and James Hetfield's Fu-Manchu was starting to take shape. <br />Now, most fans--and the band members themselves--love to point out how &quot;shoddy&quot; the production values are on this record. Indeed, Metallica repeatedly complains about how unhappy they were with &quot;Justice&quot;. I think otherwise, and perhaps I am the only one in the world who does. <br />The truth is, very few bands have the guts take actually take a step backwards in production values from one album to the next. When they do, the result is usually a great album. If anything, most bands tend towards increasingly complex production from album to album causing most fans and critics to look back longingly at a band's first album--which was probably very underproduced--as being that band's finest work. Was Stevie Ray Vaughn's &quot;Couldn't Stand the Weather&quot; better that &quot;Texas Flood&quot;? Was the Cult's &quot;Sonic Temple&quot; really better than &quot;Electric&quot; or &quot;Love&quot;? <br />Getting back to &quot;Justice&quot;... Lyrically (sp), this is clearly Hetfield's finest hour. We find him matured and thoughful, leaving behind the adolescent subjects of &quot;Phantom Lords&quot; and &quot;Leather Steeds&quot; of his earlier works. Musically, and I am a guitar player myself, the guitar work on &quot;Justice&quot; is the most interesting of all. After playing guitar myself for 20 years, I still really can't execute the main riff to &quot;Blackened&quot; properly--might help if I actually practiced. Moreover, Hetfield takes guitar harmony into some interesting new directions. There just hasn't been anything quite like those guitar harmonies before or since. The ONLY thing I would change about this album is the level of Newstead's bass. There isn't any, and it's ridiculous. <br />After &quot;Justice&quot; Metallica would go on to become Superstars. What followed was a watered down version of the band. True, they captured more &quot;market share&quot;, but in the process they dilluted the product. &quot;Justice&quot;, however, is the real thing. The &quot;Black Album&quot;, though, was an opiate, Metallica Lite.
B00000IMCW|4.0|This brilliant, stunning, and apocalyptic vision by George Romero is truly one of the genre's best epic films, even surpassing its predecessor, 'Night of the Living Dead'.  If your looking for more than the average, lame-brained teenage slasher film or exploitation blood bath, go here.  This is a savage satiric attack on American consumerism that is even more meaningful today than it was in 1979.  Likeable characters and and intelligent, well-plotted script, this film mixes in just the right doses of humor, action, horror and tragedy, placing it heads and tails above nearly anything you will find on the shelves today.  The Star Wars of horror films!  The only reason this DVD received 4 stars and not 5 is because of the lame job Anchor Bay did with it.  Yes, it's in widescreen and the image transfer looks pretty good.  Ok, but those things should be standard by now.  Everyone who is a fan of this film already knows that there are a lot more scenes that were featured in the European release that quite easily could have been included here as extras.  Instead, we get two!  There is no director's commentary, and if ANY film should have one, it's Dawn of the Dead!  Last but certainly not least is the terrible sound reproduction.  Why haven't they remasted this soundtrack into Dolby Digital 5.1 or DTS??  The score is fantastic and deserved much better.  If anyone from Anchor Bay is reading this, PLEASE release a better version of this!!!  By the way, AVOID at all costs the &quot;alternate soundtrack&quot; version of this movie.  It takes out all the great weird elements of the soundtrack in favor of a more contemporary &quot;mellower&quot; souding score, leaving in it's place a weaker, paler version of the film.
B000002JOH|4.0|Hey hey hey, Pantera is an awesome band and this CD is one of their best because it has their hit &quot;Walk&quot; on it.  Obviously Texas culture is what inspired this band to write such awesome music, so you have to give some credit to Texas.  The reason I gave this CD only 4 stars is because it is a great album, but it is not as good as Cowboys From Hell, or Reinventing The Steel.  If you like hard rock with screaming guitars, pounding drums and a unique style of singing get all the Pantera albums.  They are truly the best metal band from Texas, and second best metal band in the nation.  Metallica is better, but no one is as good as them, so the fact that Pantera holds the number 2 slot means a lot.
0811806405|5.0|As an amatuer luthier with limited guitar building experience I found this book extremely helpful with my craft. It is a valuable reference, providing us with an indepth insight into the world of guitar building. Guitar history, technical Data and instruction that is easily understood is appreciated in such a comprehensive volume. The book gives you instruction to build either a classical or steel string guitar, and anticipates problems you may have with various techniques, which I have found very helpful. A worthy addition to your bookshelf!
B000002WCJ|4.0|This is a very good metal album. These germans play really good and the music is atypical in the sense that the riffs sound a little bizarre for a metal disc. Also, it is refreshing to hear to a metal band that has a Christian inclination in its music unlike a vast majority of airheads like marilyn manson who are trying to upset the greater quantity of people... <br />The Helloween's songs in this album that have soul-enriching lyrics are Eagle Fly Free, Save Us and March Of Time... Rise And Fall is very nice and Dr. Stein is a comic way to criticize irresponsable genetic experiments.<br />Someone told me their music was thrash but I wouldn't consider it so... It's more like Iron Maiden but with a flatter sound. Unfortunately I haven't heard other works from the band as other people told me they sound different in other albums, particularly in Keeper Of The Seven Keys I, a friend told me it doesn't sound like the Keeper II. Be careful buying it...<br />General wondering: What happened to the last 2 keys in Keeper Of The Seven Keys, the epic last song? (13 minutes has to be epic).
B00000J2PH|5.0|When I grow nostalgic for the late 60s and early 70s all I have to do is listen to &quot;Tapestry&quot;.  From the first percussive chords of &quot;I Feel The Earth Move&quot;, I am immediately pulled back to that time.  Carole King captures the essence of the moment with her music.  She uses the piano to express every emotion from the sheer joy of living in &quot;I Feel The Earth Move&quot; to love lost in &quot;So Far Away&quot; to the hopes of an unknown future in &quot;Way Over  Yonder&quot;.  Each song is distinctively different and especially unique when sung by Carole King.  Her voice has an earthy quality with a just a touch of Janice Joplin. <br />Don't miss this one.  It is a classic!
B000059MEK|4.0|Well I'll go go through the songs.<br />One More Time: The background (trumpets, I think) have a catchy disco sound to them. Romanthony obviously had his voice &quot;roboticized&quot;. This is a good dancing song, and the outline of the sounds and when the music starts and stops is done well.<br />Aerodynamic: It sounds kind of 80s, the guitar part, and the electronic beat. It has a good feel.<br />Digital Love: It sounds it would be a 70s or 80s love song ballad. The vocals sound interesting too. They did some great work on fading the beats. This is a good one.<br />Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger: This makes a great workout song. The ways the words are said every other word, and then put together makes a nice harmony. I love this song.<br />Crescendolls: A good party song. It has a hyper, happy feel. The &quot;Hey!&quot; adds more to it.<br />Nightvision: This is kind of like an intermission for the CD, really.<br />Superheroes: It's pretty good, But I wish they lowered time of the mentioning of &quot;Club in the air!&quot; It got on my nerves after a while. The laser effects are cool, and so is the general beat. Very classic comic-bookish.<br />High Life: I don't like this one too much. It would've been good if they took out that phrase that's repeated over and over. It's not a lyric. I guess it's just a recorded soundbyte. I wonder what she's saying?<br />Face to Face: Sounds like an 80s or early 90s soft rock song.<br />Something About Us: Sounds like an 80s love song.<br />Too Long: Has some disco elements, kind of, but not really. This one's pretty good, and it's long!<br />Voyager: It sounds like a space theme, but a little softer.<br />Short Circiut: I like maybe the first three quarters, but the ending fade sounds dumb. A nice electric, robotish song. Overall it's better than average.<br />And overall, the CD turned out good enough. I'd give it a B.<br />Veridis Quo: It sounds like a renaissance-era flute solo, but it gets a small drum/cymbal beat.
0812589041|5.0|Orson Scott Card wrote a book about life and it's meaning. He sets it in the far away future where rules of the world have changed. The book was written way before computers and the internet and Scott Card talks about those things which were not even invented yet. You will get so involved with this book that you won't be able to put it down it's so good.
0446677450|5.0|Ah yes, the secrets of the rich.  So many people want to know them, but few are willing to believe them when they are told.  Robert Kiyosaki does an excellent job of putting all of the financial wisdom together.  I loved this book because it is not a &quot;get rich quick&quot; book.  This is more of a fundamentals book. You have to have the right mentality in order to succeed.  It does no good to learn how to identify good investments and good deals if you don't have the proper foundation and mentality.  That is what I get from this book and agree wholeheartedly with Kiyosaki.<br />Many people who beleive that education is the only way to go may be offended by what Kiyosaki says about education; however, I don't think he is saying to not study.  What I understand from this book, which is what I have always believed, is that too many people think that getting more and more of the orthodox education is going to equip someone for financial success.  If that were true, then most college graduates would be financially independent, and we all know that is not true.  Kiyosaki projects the idea the we must educate ourselves with an objective in mind, which is to achieve financial independence for you and your family.  Now, isn't that what really counts?<br />I have been able to acheive some of this independence on my own using the self discipline principle taught to me by my parents, not by secondary schools or college.  I just needed to put it all together with some visionary insight that thankfully Robert Kiyosaki has done through this book.  I had been slowly coming to understand the don't work for money idea on my own, but this book really has turbo charged my financial wisdom.  I have the Cashflow 101 game and Cashflow Quadrant book on order and am ready to continue in my quest to acheive that financial independence.  <br />I give this book five stars for content and wisdom and not necessarily for style.  Maybe he went a little overboard on giving too many details on those conversations with his rich dad at 9 years old.  Can he really remember his rich dad putting his hand on his head just before saying certain words?  Maybe he has an extraordinary memory.  But really who cares?  The important thing is the fundamentals of financial knowledge.  This isn't a thesis.  We can leave that to those future W-2'ers who will be working hard to make financially independent people rich.
0783225857|5.0|The greatest example of personal integrity ever displayed on screen.
0385501560|5.0|...but it's the first that comes to mind.<br />The problem with Chuck Palahniuk novels is that they do not lend themselves well to reviews. Reveal too much information, and the fragile twists and turns of the plot are destroyed, robbing the reader of the thrill one receives upon discovering these intricacies for themselves the first time. Reveal too little, and a coherent review is almost impossible, leaving the reader with a false impression of complexities and tangles which are insurmountable.<br />Choke is the fourth novel written by Palahniuk, a master at angry, adult male angst. Our narrator is one Mr. Victor Mancini, a med-school drop out with a mother suffering from Alzheimer's disease, and an addiction to sex. Like other novels such as Fight Club and Survivor, we are exposed to the dirty underbelly of a society we don't want to acknowledge exists - from prisoners who go to sexaholic meetings for sex and kinky masturbation tips to the problems bending over in the stocks of a colonial theme park creates. <br />However, unlike the dry sarcasm of Fight Club or the biting satire of Survivor, Choke returns to the humorous yet heart-felt writing of Invisible Monsters, and exposes us to a more humorous side of Palahniuk's nature. From Tanya and her string of plastic balls to Gwen, who insists Victor wouldn't know how to rape a woman if he tried, Palahniuk presents us with incredibly memorable characters and scenes that will have you laughing long after you've closed the book.<br />\\" `Why do I do this? Why do I always pick the guy who wants to be nice and conventional? The next thing you'll want to do is marry me.' She says, `Just one time, I'd like to have an abusive relationship. Just once!' \\" (Page 175)<br />Humor is not the only factor in the story of a man who is led to believe his origin is divine. Victor is most likely one of Palahniuk's most complex characters today, a man who is trying to be anything he is not, who is rebelling against a psychotic mother's abuse while he drops out of law school and takes a job at a Colonial Williamsburg-like village in order to pay for the necessary care and treatment of his ailing mother. A man who believes strangers saving him from choking in a restaurant is not only a financial resource but an expression of love and sainthood, Victor is wonderfully human and am incredibly sympathetic character. While we may not be able to validated all of his choices, his is a character we can understand and perhaps even respect.<br />Palahniuk manages to dazzle and amaze with his ability to turn pithy little quotes into personal mantras and catch phrases, which once read, cannot be burned, pushed, hammered, or flooded out of one's short term memory banks. The same way you will always remember that the first rule of fight club is you do not talk about fight club, you will remember that \\"this\\" or \\"that\\" isn't the right word, but it's the first word that comes to mind.<br />The martyrdom of Saint Me.<br />What would Jesus not do?<br />However, Palahniuk's novels are about more than catch phrases and plot twists that would impress Rod Serling and Alfred Hitchcock. Choke is a very funny, very sad tale of a man who professes to love the wrong choices, while exposing to the reader the very humane side that even he cannot see.<br />Imagine your friend is beating his sexual addiction by collecting rocks, with which he builds a castle. Imagine being a sex addict and unable to have sex with the one woman who desperately wants to have sex with you. Imagine discovering the complexity of the Mile High Club, and what it means to \\"ride the circuit.\\" Imagine telling school children about the black plague while giving tours of colonial buildings in clothing so authentic, you can smell the dirt on them.<br />Imagine yourself in the life of Victor Mancini, and you'll never see life the same way.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I bought this c.d for the frist song 'Here With Me' I love the show &quot;Roswell&quot; and wanted the song. I wasn't sure how the rest of the cd would sit with me. I had never heard Dido sing anything else before i bought it and I took a chance I would like more then 1 song and I do. After really listaining and reading the lyrics I love every signal song. From the heartfelt 'Isobel' to 'Hunter' to 'No Angel' every song on this cd cuts straight to your soul. I highly recommend this cd.
014100018X|4.0|Chocolat by Joanne Harris was our most recent book club selection.  We discussed it last night over wine and, what else? - chocolates -- lots and lots of chocolates.  Our club found Chocolat to be layered with rich life lessons, the primary of which were don't be afraid to live life to the fullest, deprivation be damned for death is ever present, and above all else stay open to the magic.  Sweet friends, freedom, the golden rule, and inspired food are the ingredients to Harris's recipe for life.  She would have been pleased with our book club meeting and how we would have loved to have her join us.  We got it right last night.  We talked, laughed, indulged, and enjoyed.   Chocolat is a delicious read that melts in your mouth and engages your senses and imagination from start to finish.
B00005AQE8|5.0|This is, in my opinion 2Pac's best album (that is not considering Greatest Hits a real album - it's more of a compilation of his greatest hits).  A must for any rap fan.  This is everything some of the newer rap albums haven't been - and more.  Even today, the record still sounds fresh.  Be sho to check out All Bout U, How Do U Want It, 2 Of Americaz Most Wanted, Heartz Of Men, Life Goes On, California Love, Thug Passion, Picture Me Rollin'... A heck, just check the whole think out.  ITZ HOT.  It quality West Coast beats.  To give you an idea of what it sounds like, well itz definitly West Coast, sounds very reminicent of Death Row, at times angry but at times very deep, and has many varied, original, and bumpin' beatz.  I'll give u a short history of the album, so you can see about when it came out in his career and his life, starting here:  2Pac was serving a 4 and 1/2 year prison sentence, when Suge Knight of Death Row Records shows up and basically says to Tupac, \\"If you agree to make 3 albums for Death Row Records, I'll pay your bail\\".  Tupac agreed, and was thus free.  This album, All Eyez on Me, served as the first TWO albums for him, as it is a double CD set (First ever in rap - and it shot straight to #1 on the Billboard Charts).  2Pac later made Makaveli (aka The Seven Day Theory), Until the End of Time (which was just recently released).  To sum it up in two words: BUY IT.
B000006JQ5|4.0|I picked this up at a Best Buy store for 20 bucks and I was mostly pleased.  My only complaint is the two Blaze Bayley tunes, this compilation could have really done without both of them and they should have been replaced with two other Maiden classics.  Other than that it's pretty good, but if you have all the Maiden alubums, there's no point in buying this.
B00000JTB2|5.0|Stevie Ray Vaughan died in 1990 yet his CDs keep coming out.  In fact there have been five posthumous releases, not including the seven greatest hits and re-releases, this CD, and countless bootlegs.  That alone should say something about the greatness of this artist. This CD was recorded live December 6, 1983.  At this time he had only released one record to date, TEXAS FLOOD.  I must admit that I was not expecting much when I bought this CD, but as a true SRV fan I had to add it to my collection.  I was in for a real treat!  The combination of Albert King and Stevie Ray is outstanding!  The over fifteen minute track &quot;Blues at Sunrise&quot; was worth the price of the CD alone.  There are several segments where the producers have included some short conversations that King and Vaughan had between songs.  I clearly got the picture of Stevie Ray being the humble student before his teacher, Albert King.  Every song is a hit, if you have not already added this to your cart or wish list, do so NOW!
B00003CXDZ|2.0|With all the hype surrounding this movie, I just had to see it. I rarely go to the movies, and I had high expectations of &quot;Moulin Rouge.&quot; This is a rehashed love triangle story that features an earnest but poor writer, and a stereotypical, somewhat dim-witted rich guy, who is a duke to boot. Another rehashed thing about this project is its soundtrack. Does anyone in the movie business want anything original anymore?<br />There was no real chemistry between the two main characters. In fact, I quickly found the poor, earnest writer obnoxious. I felt more sympathy for the duke. In the beginning, I felt this could be a fine film, because it was taking a really comic and farcical turn, but then a serious and oh-so-unoriginal love story enveloped everything. As a result, you have an unsuccessful mix of several genre: farce, tragedy, musical, and God knows what else. &quot;All you need is love.&quot; Bohemians stand up to the pressures of the real world and affirm their romantic ways. Please, spare me. I felt bored. Toward the end of the movie I felt compelled to look at my watch every other minute. <br />I give this movie two strars for two reasons. First, Nicole Kidman looks charming and seductive--as she always does. And she really plays the part, her work ethic shows--as it always does. Second, the costumes did not disappoint. The production was really lavish. It turns out, all the hungry script writers notwithstanding, that a good script that would take full advantage of the actors' talents is, after all, hard to find.<br />Michael Hart
B00003CX5A|5.0|I really, really enjoyed Sleepy Hollow - the ten-a-penny 'stab' films they churn out could learn a lot from it.  It was so atmospheric - the settings were brilliant - dark and menacing, and even with the humour the tension lasts throughout the film.  And let us not forget the GORGEOUS Johnny Depp - even as the bumbling policeman he's such a DREAMBOAT!!!  It's a real 'wine, candles, choccies and curl up on the sofa' type film.  It'll always have a place in my DVD player!!
B000002B2X|5.0|This album is excellent for being so short.  All of the songs on it are very good except for the unlisted bonus track, which, in my opinion should have been left out because it is a waste.  The bonus track is a really weird song.  I don't know how these guys were able to create such a deep and powerful record that has only four songs!  The mood created on this album is very ethereal and dreamy.  It also sounds dark and sombre like most other AIC albums.  One thing that is different about this album than other AIC albums is that it is mostly an acoustic album.  I will agree with other reviewers and say that the mood that AIC creates on this album is more powerful than &quot;Jar Of Flies&quot; and this album will stick with you longer than JOF.  SAP is darker and less positive than JOF, and it has a harder edge.  This album sounds like AIC are trying to be positive in a ruthless and heart-breaking world where Staley sings &quot;Something's gotta turn out right&quot; on one of AIC best songs of all time &quot;Got Me Wrong.&quot; I think the best part about this album is the mood that all the songs create when looked at from a wholistic perspective.  The whole mood that is set is created in the first song &quot;Brother.&quot;  From then on every note played in every song is just right, except, of course, for the &quot;bonus&quot; track.
B000050IMJ|4.0|this movie was really good and had really nice cars in it and a good plot but the best part was the chase at the end of the movie and then nicolas cage gets the car he could never get
0385335482|3.0|I definitely could identify with the thrill Becky got from a sign that said &quot;Sale&quot; or the sight of carrier bags from her favorite stores.  However, as much as I tried to like Becky, I really couldn't.  She is self-centered, beyond materialistic, thoughtless, and immature.  I don't know if Kinsella wanted to paint a picture that all &quot;shop-aholics&quot; are this way, but somehow I don't think they are.  Becky is an unbelievable character because in real life there would be no way that she would be able to avoid dealing with her mounting financial debts.  I found myself irritated that everything just worked out for her--she didn't deserve it.  Furthermore, what in the world would someone like Luke Brandon see in her?  However, it was an easy interesting read (read it in an evening), and the minor characters were pretty well-written.
B000007UA4|2.0|After the mildly satisfying album, Rythm Of Love (1990) which was most certainly a significant improvement on her previous two albums, she returned back to her origanal form of squeaky clean, disposable pop. Stock, Aikten And Waterman wanted the world to view Kylie as a new Madonna, but her work clearly lacks the sparkle of the Queen Of Pop's consistently excellent work. her saccharine assault on such syrupy tracks as Live And Learn and There's No World Without You are just far too bland and mediocre and kylie's performances are consistently weak. There are a few above average recordings on offer with her so-so cover of Give Me Just A Little Time, the startling Finer Feelings (which was certainly one of her finer recordings) and the infectious dance track, I Guess I Like It Like That, but apart from that there is nothing really new to offer. The entire album is purley a routine production lacking flair and versatality. Only die-hard fans of the Aussie pop star will enjoy this.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|What a movie!  If you ever go to see it... pay as close attention as you can to the first 20-30 minutes.  So many sights and sounds are packed into the first few minutes you will truly get dizzy.  Can one say they've been assaulted by a moving canvas of colour and sound?  Some of the dreams I've had in my lifetime may come close to some of the imagery shown in this picture... but no where near as fast as this.  I didn't know what to think of the first few minutes, it was like I had been hit by a train, and I didn't know what had run me over.  It wasn't until the love story part developed that I was truly hooked.  It grabbed me and pulled me in.  The musical selections were witty, and nostalgic.  I would have thought it impossible to do a musical number of Madonna's &quot;Like a Virgin&quot;, and pull it off... and with a straight face too!  I've never seen a movie nor a musical quite like this (and I've seen a dozen musical in London)!  Moulin Rouge was very exciting.  It's been a week since I've seen it... and I still can't get it out of mind.  I had to buy the CD just to relive it.  I can't wait till the DVD comes out.  There is no movie or director that I know of that has done anything quite like it.  It is an original... a modern masterpiece.  Keep your &quot;e's&quot; and your ... ... cause this movie is like a ...  Be prepared to get hooked!
6304773382|1.0|Painfully unfunny film based on the comic strip adventures of the same name. Lori Petty puts in unconvincing and frequently irritating performance and the rest of the cast don't do much better either. The film served as a big disappointment to what was expected. The dialogue sounds dated and performances are rather disjointed making you care very little about the whole thing in the first place. Is lacking in any real sort of exciting adventure that you would expect in a film like this. The whole thing, to be quite frank, is pure trash. Forget it!
B00005B36H|5.0|This is a great album.  So exploratory.  So rocking.  So much to listen to. <br />I love it.  Nothing to say except enjoy.  These guys are very, very good.
B00003CXAA|5.0|if its not in saga form i will never buy it,i have the epic on tape i will watch that way. thanks but i,ll wait.....
B00005BJ2O|5.0|this CD is absolutely fantastic! it has lots of different songs in it that will suit anyone's taste. if there is one song on there you don't like, there are bound to be at least three to take it's place! great CD everyone who likes music needs to have it to have a complete collection.
0679720200|5.0|The other reviewers base their interpretation of this novel on the belief that Camus was an Existentialist and that Camus presented Meursault as a hero.  Concerning the last point, nothing could be further from the truth.  Before interpreting &quot;The Stranger&quot;, one should first read Camus' essays on his own personal philosophy of &quot;The Absurd&quot; and how he relates it to the myth of Sisyphus.  These essays reveal that Camus' personal philosophy was distinct from Existentialism in that he imagined that Sisyphus could be happy even though he was condemned to roll a huge stone up a hill in Hades only to have it roll down again on nearing the top.  Similarly, Camus believed that people could be fulfilled by searching for the meaning of life even though they know they will not be able to discover it.  Consequently, Meursault is not a hero in Camus' eyes because Mersault has given up trying to find meaning in his life and accepts without struggle the lack of emotion and spirit in it.   In other words, don't trust everything that was written on the back cover of the american paperback edition of this novel.  The back cover contained incorrect information that misled many readers, including myself, about the true meaning of this work.  Read Camus' &quot;The Myth of Sisyphus and Other Essays&quot; before interpreting &quot;The Stranger&quot; and new meaning will become apparent from this excellent and frightening novel.
B000050XEI|5.0|There is a god. And he sent one of his angles down to earth.  Can't stop listening to it. This is the first time I ever bought one of her recordings, or ever really listened to her music.  Where have I been? Anyway, buy it you won't regret it.
B00003CXN4|5.0|Steven Soderbergh has crafted a visually stunning, deeply moving and intensely brilliant movie in Traffic.  The central focus of the film is the drug epidemic in the US and Mexico.  He tells three separate stories that are each distinct unto themselves, yet interwoven into a common thread.  One story takes place in Mexico and revolves around a cop with a conscious (Benecio Del Toro), the second story takes place in Ohio and Washington and involves the country's new drug czar (Michael Douglas) and the troubles he faces on the job and with his daughter (Ericka Christiansen) who freebases cocaine and descends into a drug addicted hell and the third story takes place in San Diego and involves DEA agents (Don Cheadle &amp; Luis Guzman) trying to take down a big drug trafficker (Stephen Bauer) whose wife (Catherine Zeta-Jones) learns the drug trade while he's detained.  The film sounds unwielding, but Mr. Soderbergh deftly maneuvers from story to story and you find yourself engrossed in the lives of these characters.  Each story is shot in a different style with the Mexico scenes being bright but grainy, the Ohio &amp; Washington scenes in a moody indigo and the San Diego scenes in a sunny, vivid illumination.  The cast is full of amazing performances with Mr. Del Toro standing out as the Mexican cop.  Most of his dialogue is in Spanish, but it is his expressions that speak volumes.  When the camera focuses in on his face, he conveys a sense of a man with the weight of the world on his shoulders.  Mr. Del Toro won a well deserved Best Supporting Actor Oscar in 2000.  Miguel Ferrer is superb as a key witness in the San Diego case who bristles at the DEA agents and offers a chilling description of the drug situation in the country.  Mr. Cheadle is fiery as a DEA agent and Mr. Douglas perfectly portrays a man who is trying fight a national war on drugs but is losing a battle at home.  Ms. Christiansen is amazing and her descent into complete addiction is frightenly real.  The cast is expansive and includes such stars as Albert Finney, Dennis Quaid, Benjamin Bratt, Selma Hayek and Topher Grace in addition to the others.  Mr. Soderbergh had a great 2000 with Traffic and Erin Brockovich and he became the first director in sixty years to be nominated for two movies in the same year and he won the Best Director award for this film.e cast is expansive and includes such stars as Albert Finney, Dennis Quaid, Benjamin Bratt, Selma Hayek and Topher Grace in addition to the others.  Mr. Soderbergh had a great 2000 with Traffic and Erin Brockovich and he became the first director in sixty years to be nominated for two movies in the same year and he won the Best Director award for this film.
0380788624|4.0|This book is, structurally speaking, a bit chaotic. The storyline covers World War II and the present day simultaneously. Stephenson often goes off on tangents semirelated to the storyline, and metaphors or seemingly minor events an take up pages. It sounds unreadable, but Stephenson's skill makes it work. The book rarely becomes slow or hard to read. While grim in some places, it's humorous in others--I laughed out loud several times during this book, something I rarely do while reading. Cryptonomicon is a fascinating story that gives many insights into computing and cryptography. My only complaint with this book is the ending, which amplifies plot elements that Stephenson deemphasized before and leaves much of the plot unresolved. Fifty more pages would have been enough, but it feels like Stephenson's publisher forced him to finish. If computers bore you, or if you insist on a straightforward plot with no digressions, then avoid this book. If you don't mind a book that wanders, though, then by all means check this one out.
B00003CXMG|5.0|The main character in Almost Famous is a 15 year old rock journalist named William Miller.  He gets the chance to write an article for Rolling Stone magazine about an up and coming rock band, Stillwater.  He goes out on tour with the band and what starts out as a simple assignment, turns into a life altering experience for all involved.  The character of William is director and writer Cameron Crowe's on screen alter ego.  Mr. Crowe was a 15 year old who wrote for Rolling Stone and the story is based on his life.  The film also involves William's overprotective and aggressive mother (played by Frances McDormand) and the battles she waged with his sister.  They are based on Mr. Crowe's own family's struggles and the fact that he was willing to air his family's problems in public adds a touch of humanity and reality to the film.  Stillwater is led by Jeff Bebe and Russell Hammond who bicker at one another about the band's future and possible fame. Billy Crudup plays Russell the lead guitarist and Jason Lee is Jeff the lead singer.  They have a natural fear of the press and refer to William as the enemy.  In fact, William struggles to get an one on one interview with Russell throughout the film.  The band is followed on tour by a bunch of groupies who refer to themselves as Band-Aids.  Their leader is Penny Lane played wonderfully by Kate Hudson.  She is in love with Russell, but it is William whom she confides in.  The tender relationship between Penny &amp; William is one of the film's great strengths. Throughout the film, William seeks and gets advice from legendary rock critic Lester Bangs.  Mr. Bangs is played amazingly by Philip Seymour Hoffman.  Mr. Hoffman provides the film's conscious and his brief time on the screen is electric. All the performances in the film are first-rate including Ms. Hudson who is luminous, Mr. Crudup is brooding and dark, Mr. Lee is self-righteous and Ms. McDormand is a fierce presence.  But the most startling performance is that of Patrick Fugit as William. Mr. Fugit had never appeared in a movie before and had minimal acting experience, but he is the emotional center of the film, the link between al the characters.  He plays William perfectly and captures the essence of what Mr. Crowe was trying to capture.  Mr. Crowe guides the film with an eye for detail as the sets and feeling are completely real and harkens the spirit of the 70's.  His screenplay perfectly balances drama and comedy and has some of the sharpest dialogue in a long time.  Mr. Crowe took home a Best Original Screenplay Oscar at the 2000 Academy Awards for this great script. Almost Famous is Mr. Crowe's love letter to his youth and the 70's.  The film is easily his most personal, but it is the personal touch he adds that gives the film its universal appeal.rick Fugit as William. Mr. Fugit had never appeared in a movie before and had minimal acting experience, but he is the emotional center of the film, the link between al the characters.  He plays William perfectly and captures the essence of what Mr. Crowe was trying to capture.  Mr. Crowe guides the film with an eye for detail as the sets and feeling are completely real and harkens the spirit of the 70's.  His screenplay perfectly balances drama and comedy and has some of the sharpest dialogue in a long time.  Mr. Crowe took home a Best Original Screenplay Oscar at the 2000 Academy Awards for this great script. Almost Famous is Mr. Crowe's love letter to his youth and the 70's.  The film is easily his most personal, but it is the personal touch he adds that gives the film its universal appeal.
B00003CXRP|5.0|As his screen credits add up, it seems apparent that by the end of his career, Tom Hanks will have amassed one of the greatest film resumes in history. He is that good and so are his movies. This one, although quite different from others, is really very good, with another convincing performance by Hanks. I could not believe how emotional the scene with 'Wilson' was. Anyone who has seen it will understand what I mean. There are a lot of great scenes in this movie, none better than Hanks when he is experiencing all these new things for the first time. There is a full circle to the movie that is easy to miss. But the movie goes past that circle just enough and allows a new beginning. I loved Crowe in Gladiator but I do think Hanks deserved his third Oscar. It was a mesmerizing performance and the truly amazing thing is that for most of the film, he had no other actors to react to. He was mostly on his own. Great film.
B00005AXEL|5.0|Classic Stevie Nicks.  Waited a long time for something more from her, and the wait was well worth it.  A must for fans; gotta listen for newcomers.  What rock and roll is all about.
B00005BJ2O|4.0|I really wish they would come out with a 2nd CD with all the songs performed in the movie. Most people I have spoken to about this all agree. I hope you agree as well.<br />My favorite song wasn't on it and I was very disappointed. When I listened to the whole thing and the ending song wasn't on there it was a shock. Ewan's voice gives me the chills and that song is one of the best he sings. Other than that I LOVE THIS MOVIE AND CD.
B00005B4GU|1.0|Radiohead has not broken any new ground with this album or Kid A. Anti-rock was done in the 70's with vastly superior results by the likes of Joy Division and others. The band's sound has become trite and is full of pretensiousness and egoism. I think Radiohead's wet dream is to be like Joy Division. From the sound of this record, they have failed miserably.
B00005BJ2O|5.0|Just a note to all of you who are clamoring for ALL of the songs that were in the film. Baz Lurhman (director of Moulin Rouge) was recently interviewed on NPR and he said that there will be a three CD box set released sometime soon (later this summer? early fall?) that will contain ALL of the music.<br />The reason the initial cd release is short is because they wanted to have an \\"affordable\\" version for the public to buy, as the 3 cd set will probably run around an amount.<br />Have faith people-- Baz won't let us down. We just need to be patient. Meanwhile, I think I'll go back to the theater and see it for the THIRD time (and I doubt it will be the last).<br />WOW! And super kudos to Baz and Cast of this film. It's just spectacular, spectacular.
B000009QPQ|5.0|You know how sometimes when you hear a song on the radio in the morning it sticks at the front of your brain all day long?  You find yourself humming the tune, or dreaming the lyrics throughout the day.  This album is a collection of those songs. <br />I am not a fan of country music or even alt-country.  What I am a fan of however, is the dying art of popular music based on a melody.  The lyrics contained in these songs run the gamut of emotions and ambiguity.  Nevertheless, each one is a gem.  It may take 2 or 3 listenings to become infected with these tunes, but their is no inoculation<br />Like Hollywood Town Hall, Tomorrow the Green Grass is a billiant effort by a virtually unknown band.  <br />Definately worth the price of admission!
B00004XONN|5.0|That got your attention? Good. Let's get started. Don't say Radiohead is 'nihilistic' or 'depressing' it's not. This album pretty much states that point up front. It's extremely relaxing as well as having a darker/depressing tone of lyrics. That's obviously what they want to say. But we could look at the downward spiral of The great society in a good way (remember DEVO anyone?) They're making some good music on this album which is about parinoia (that's really fun!). Don't you think parinoia is fun. This album has an easy listening/horror movie soundtrack feel to it in the sense that you can fall asleep to it - but you don't want to because it's unsettling (it'll give you gloomy nightmares) In short the only track that isn't fun is &quot;idioteque&quot; but it still works on the eerie horror parinoia sense. Morning Bell is very forgetable. Maybe it's better on Amnesiac. Highlights: Kid A, The National Anthem, Everything in its Right Place, Treefingers (most relaxing), How to Dissapear Completely (prepare to fall asleep and have nightmares), In Limbo, Morniing Bell, Idioteque, Optimistic, Motion Picture Sountrack, ...well thats all of them isn't it? Anyway it's very tasty.
B00003CXRP|3.0|Picture a young school-kid who has made a model of Camelot using wood and styrofoam. Picture the child as he or she happily walks to school, proud to turn his work into his history class for the eventual top grade. Now watch as fate intervenes as the child trips on an uneven curb, sending his model crashing to the ground. The child cries and sobs...and then looks up to see the model is still VERY much intact. The only thing the child DIDN'T super-glue to death were the little action-figurines used to portray the inhabitants of Camelot...and a tip of Arthur's tower is slightly smashed.<br />It's fixable...but why go to the trouble when 99 percent of the project is very much okay and ready to present and will knock the socks off of all the other kids who used a simple shoebox to present the Round Table room???<br />This is the case for director Robert Zemeckis. Even though he sometimes stumbles, his stuff is still fun to watch. And it's because of beautiful special effects a very real(and VERY Oscar-worthy) performance by the ever-dynamic Tom Hanks, and a(mostly) smart script.<br />CASTAWAY is the story of Chuck Noland(Hanks), a systems-engineer for the FedEx company(methinks FedEx had to be paid a TON to both sponsor the film and portray one of their delivery jets crashing and losing thousands of packages). He's obssessed with time and things going the way they're supposed to. His marriage is what it is: Chuck and his wife Kelly(the overrated Helen Hunt in an underrated performance) see each other in short bursts but are very happy with the agreement they have and actually SMILE at each other during their day-to-day meetings.<br />Then comes Christmas Eve and Chuck's leaving his wife again. He's off to personally escort a few packages(God knows WHY he has to do this but the script demands it for plot-movement) to their destinations by Christmas Day. This scene comes complete with ill-fated dialogue and the totally clichd, &quot;I'll be right back&quot;, spoken to Kelly(or yelled-to to be more accurate) by the equally ill-fated Chuck. I remember actually yelling at my T.V. set that you NEVER say that in a movie(see &quot;Scream&quot; and you'll know why) but what the heck do I know???<br />Once aboard, the pilots decide to avert a major storm by flying AROUND it...so much for THAT idea. The plane crashes into the South Pacific faster than a Randy Johnson-fastball and Chuck is outcast via a raft from said plane to a deserted island with no technology, no islanders, no Jurassic Park dinosaurs, and NO WAY TO GET HOME.<br />From here on, we get to watch Noland stumble around the island trying to obtain food, water, and shelter as well as an idea for how he's going to get off the island and get back to his life...all of which takes four years.<br />Now, before the nay-sayers comment that &quot;this could have been really good&quot; and call it BAD, I say that this could have been really BAD and I'm calling it good. It's actor Hanks and director Zemeckis's time and patience that pulls off the impossible(in their first re-teaming since &quot;Forrest Gump&quot;). Noland turns desparate as you see him go through the stages of becoming a survivor(fear, anger, acceptance, etc.), befriend a volleyball(which he paints a face on with his own blood and even goes so far as to implant &quot;hair&quot; using twigs and what-not), create fire(in a hilariously bittersweet scene), and spear fish and crab for edible goods.<br />I've read both sides of the debate on this film and I'm caught in the middle. I think this movie is successful. Robert Zemeckis makes a film that touches you not so much on an emotional level(not even the stupid volleyball evoked a sniffle when we witness its fate), but on a philosophical level. Before Hanks hits the island, he's a hurried man who rushes everything and yells at the top of his lungs. After the island, he's transformed into something humbled. You would think he would have trouble accepting his new life after hegets back home...but by now, it's so easy to him. Chuck has survived the hell of isolation and pain by himself. He makes his decisions without sadness, without angst, and with much acceptance. It's the primitive equivilant of &quot;2001: A Space Odyssey&quot;.<br />Yes, the film's point is EXTREMELY heavy-handed: &quot;time is important so make the most of it&quot; and blah, blah, blah...but Zemeckis has such a wonderful way of softening the hand that's slapping you in the face(just like he softened it for &quot;Gump&quot; and the soft-spoken &quot;Contact&quot;), that it's easy to take. His use of sound and the decision to use no music score during the island-scenes was the perfect choice. In my opinion, scoring the island-scenes would have dumbed the film down.<br />Not a great film, not a horrible film. &quot;Castaway&quot; is a good film that shows you one man's accelerated journey through life in which he learns the true meaning of becoming a mature human being.<br />(A couple of notes here: the &quot;winking-whale&quot; effect comes off as silly and why doesn't search-and-rescue follow the trail of loose-drifting packages since most seemed to end up on the isle with Chuck???)<br />--Matt
B000002L1L|4.0|This is the HEAVIEST cd that DP has released since &quot;Perfect Strangers&quot;. How can the other reviewers fail to even mention  &quot;Nasty Piece of Work&quot; - Jon Lord's HEAVIEST Hammond organ work ever? I listen to this song to sike me up before I lift a heavy set in the gym! What about &quot;Twist In the Tale&quot;? This track sounds like it could have fit perfectly on &quot;Perfect Strangers&quot; for the way it is written, alas, a great HEAVY tune. Also, don't forget other notable heavies such as &quot;Battle Rages On&quot;, &quot;Ramshackle Man&quot;, and the cool Blackmore riffs of &quot;Talk About Love&quot;. Of course the absolute highpoint is &quot;Anya&quot;,a rather angelic piece that is a total team effort (the critics agree!), which certainly borders on greatness for composition as is definetly one of DP's finest efforts.<br />Why not five stars though? There are a few &quot;boners&quot; on this CD: &quot;Time to Kill&quot; sounds like the low-life tune &quot;Call of the Wild&quot; from the &quot;House of Blue Light&quot; CD. &quot;Solitare&quot; clearly sounds like a wanna-be industrial B-side. &quot;One Man's Meat&quot; is nothing more than Ian Gillian trying to come up with some innuendo.<br />Summary: If you like HEAVY and you like Deep Purple, this is a great album to listen. Lord, Blackmore, Glover and Paice are in fine form, and Gillian is definately in fine voice. A &quot;really-really good&quot; (but not &quot;great&quot;) effort by the reigning Kings of hard rock.
B00004Y6NK|5.0|You MUST have this CD in your collection--any &quot;greatest hits&quot; just won't do--the song &quot;Hung UP On Your Love&quot; is nothing short of phenomenal!! Actually, everything on this album is GREAT, and this is probably my most played Clapton CD that I own---and I own just about every one of them!! Get this CD--you won't be disappointed----After all, &quot;It's In The Way That You Use It&quot;!!
B000002J2F|5.0|Every Genesis album since 1970 is a gem, but few have as many carats as Duke.  From the opening fanfare to the final cymbal crash, Duke is a delight, without a single weak track to mar it.  Phil Collins' vocals here are among his best ever, covering a wide range of emotions with both depth and ability; &quot;Please Don't Ask,&quot; for example, is full of such bittersweet hurt it can bring tears to the eyes.  &quot;Behind the Lines,&quot; &quot;Duchess,&quot; and &quot;Duke's Travels&quot; are all stand-outs, showcasing the band's ability to write songs as a threesome.  The production suffers from some &quot;muddiness,&quot; especially with the drums (perhaps explaining the band's decision to go with Hugh Padgham instead of David Hentschel on Abacab), but that is but a minor irritation compared to the album as a whole.  I have been listening to Duke for over 15 years, and not once have I ever been tired of it; every listen is a joy.
0385335482|5.0|This has to be the best book that I have read in a while. I stayed up until 4:30 A..M., just so I could finish it. Rebecca is a character that I could totally relate to, well, except that I pay my bills, and she has a huge problem with that. Her denial about her debt is very real and she handles it in a way that I imagine is very popular, to deny it even more. Her logic that if you don't open your bills, then they must not exist, comes across beautifully. I also like the fact that letters from the bank are included. In the end, you just want her to get it together and grab the life she deserves. Read this book, it is very funny!
B00005A1PR|5.0|i tell you, when i ordered this album i was only based on the fact that her single video is beutiful and that almost all of y'all reviews were... well... 5 stars!!!  i'm so glad i orderd it! i just got it a couple of days ago, and it's very beautiful, original, and diffrenet from others!  i love it, that finally someone talks about other issues then \\"love, chittin' and relation-ships\\", i mean it's nice but how much can you get of it?! well, india arie offered this album to all of you as an answer to our \\"problems\\"! (: they are great tracks on it, though i given my full attention to the first ones, but i believe i'll give the same amount of attention to the others soon... <br />video, the single, is of course beutiful as always...<br />promises is vey very nice, but let's say not the best... but still! very good...<br />brown skin is beautiful... i mean, there's a warm melody with great lyrics, it's just amazing...<br />strength, courage & wisdom... WOW! i can truly feel her in this song! it's so true about each on of us, cuz those things are truly in each one of us, but we don't know it and as arie says for herself \\"i found it\\"!<br />nature- a very very good and slow track... i love it too...   well, those pretty much the songs i heard and playin' over and over, i'm about to listen to the others soon, and i'm sure i'll enjoy them too just as much if not more!
0783228317|5.0|This movie has become my favorite.  I have watched it numerous times both sober and otherwise.  It gets better each time and is a great experience for anyone interested in the sixties and seventies cultures.  One can truly appreiciate this movie if they start to read the works of Hunter S. Thompson, I highly recomend it.  Remember it is best when one smokes pot and drinks before watching it.  Good luck
0790730960|4.0|This is the best batman movie to date. This movie is definalty worth getting on DVD. First off they remastered the soundtrack, so it sounds amazing. This is the last true Burton flavor. The dvd preserves the blacks in this movie, and gives you the original theatrical feel. Once again this dvd fell face first with the extras. It did not have the original trailers, or any trailers for that matter. All the extras like, cast and making was actually were just text. There was no extra video, besides the movie. Dvd's need to get the format into gear. The consumer should not have to pay twice the amount of VHS and get the same features. You want to push DVD's, drop the price and give at least the trailers, if not more. Maybe a game. But definalty not Batman Beyond, that was a horrible game.
B00003CXRP|4.0|Let me rant first, and then explain my 4 star rating.<br />I watched this on DVD, and I experienced something that is becoming more and more common on DVDs: an irritatingly slow appearance of the menu. When DVDs first came out, I thought it was just incredible that you pop them in, and almost immediately would get the menu that would allow you without delay to access the features you wanted. If you wanted to watch the film immediately with no delay, that is what you did. More and more, however, DVDs are packing pre-Menu material. With CAST AWAY, you get the Interpol warning, followed by previews (that you can close out of), and then, before the menu itself finally comes into view, a slow loading picture of Tom Hanks face that only gruadually fades away to reveal the selection menu. But even then, when you click on your option, it again only very slowly takes you to the feature you want. What I ended up doing was bookmarking the opening credits, so that if I ever wanted to watch the movie again, I could bypass all this nonsense to get right to the film.<br />I wonder if the DVD makers understand what a pain this all is? I wonder if they understand that one of the greatest attractions of DVDs is the fact that DVDs give the viewers what they want. I want widescreen, not full screen. I want to get right to the film. Not watch a bunch of previews and plodding menu graphics. Remember KISS: Keep it Simple Stupid. Some DVDs now even give you nonoptional advertisements and previews. They are ruining a very good thing.<br />Now, the movie. The makers of CAST AWAY did a great job given the fact that this is basically a movie where almost nothing happens, and, what is more, almost nothing could happen. ROBINSON CRUSOE dealt pretty much with the same story. But the difference between it and CAST AWAY is the fact that ROBINSON CRUSOE is very much a novel of ideas. Because it if very difficult to discuss many ideas in a movie without much dialog, that was not really an option for CAST AWAY. The challenge to the filmmakers, therefore, was to flesh out what was necessarily a bare bones plot. They achieved this by chopping the movie into four parts: 1) the prequel to the arrival to the island (including the very exciting plane crash sequence, easily the best part of the movie and one of the best plane crashes I have seen), 2) Tom Hanks's time on the island, the longest segment in the movie, 3) his escape from the island, and 4) his arrival home. The last part was a lot longer than what one might have expected, but because there had been very little action in the film, it was necessary to give it balance.<br />The one real shortcoming in the film is the difficulty of coming up with much dramatic action. The strength in the film is the fact that they did such an incredible job of overcoming so many of the limitations.<br />Tom Hanks was great, as usual. One of the more interesting aspects of his role was the fact that in the first part of his time on the island, he is a bit blobby. Definite gut. Near the end of his time on the island, he has really shaped up. Must have taken a few thousand crunches to get those abs! Great work (out) Tom! One mark at how very, very good he is was shown in his relation with &quot;Wilson&quot;, a volley ball upon which he painted (in his own blood) a face and with whom he developed a relationship. Now, on one level, this was very, very silly. But Hanks played it to the hilt, and at the end, when Wilson and Tom are parted, you feel his intense grief at losing his only friend.<br />The rest of the cast really didn't matter. This was a one man movie. But, for what it is worth, the supporting cast was solid enough.<br />There was, however, one major star of the movie other than Tom Hanks, and that was the island itself. Just a great locale. Dramatic, beautiful, and yet, just forbidding enough, it was the perfect costar for Tom Hanks.<br />So, not a perfect movie, but nonetheless a very good one. And if you enjoy Tom Hanks's work, as I do, it will provide a couple of hours of great entertainment, IF you can get past the opening menu.<br />By the way, I have had a couple of friends ask me if I thought Hanks rather than Russell Crowe deserved the Oscar. I gave them a two part answer, which I will repeat here. First, while I thought he deserved the Oscar more than Crowe (I am a HUGE Russell Crowe fan, and I definitely thought he deserved the Oscar for THE INSIDER, but THE GLADIATOR, while good, is not one of his very best roles), I thought the Oscar for best actor should have gone to someone who was not even nominated: Jamie Bell for BILLY ELIOTT.anks's work, as I do, it will provide a couple of hours of great entertainment, IF you can get past the opening menu.<br />By the way, I have had a couple of friends ask me if I thought Hanks rather than Russell Crowe deserved the Oscar. I gave them a two part answer, which I will repeat here. First, while I thought he deserved the Oscar more than Crowe (I am a HUGE Russell Crowe fan, and I definitely thought he deserved the Oscar for THE INSIDER, but THE GLADIATOR, while good, is not one of his very best roles), I thought the Oscar for best actor should have gone to someone who was not even nominated: Jamie Bell for BILLY ELIOTT.
B00000BKE1|4.0|No Prayer for the Dying and this album got a extremely negative response from a lot of fans.  That was inevitable because of the departure of Adrian Smith.  The biggest problem with the album was not the production(which was only decent) or Janick Gers.  It was the horrid songs that made up half the album which drag the good ones down.  Many fans were so pessimistic that they only looked at the five ... songs and completely ignored the best ones(\\"Afraid to Shoot Strangers\\" and \\"Fear of the Dark\\" are masterpieces!).        Be Quick or Be Dead is a good song that is fast and heavy, like most first tracks of Iron Maiden.  From Here to Eternity is actually a quite mediocre song(and that's putting it nicely).  The next song is Afraid to Shoot Strangers, which is one of the best Maiden songs ever and Childhood's End is a good song which definitely shouldn't be overlooked.  Wasting Love is better than the second track but still kind of weak.  Judas Be My Guide is one of the best songs on the album, with its only flaw being that it's too short.  Fear is the Key and Chains of Misery are two more weak songs that aren't great but once again, worth hearing.  I will not even describe the ... which is Apparition and Weekend Warrior.  Almost every Iron Maiden song I've ever heard wasn't bad, but these songs just suck!!  Fear of the Dark is probably the best song on the album so I'll just leave it at that.      Overall, this album was good.  True, only six out of the twelve were great but you should look at it this way: Powerslave only had five great songs on it.  If this album had only eight tracks, then most people would consider it excellent.  By the way, all those who say this album ...because of Janick Gerrs needs to shut the ... up.
0811826848|2.0|You will need a strong coffee table for this 10 pound monster.  Don't plan on reading it in bed.  It's just too uncomfortable to pick up, sorry.
B00005BL2A|1.0|This is the most brutal CD I have ever bought, I hope I can get some money for this at the used record store.  Most of the songs sound like a 9 year old playing with a synthesizer he/she just got for Christmas.  Brutal
B0000524CY|4.0|The Exorcist first gripped my attention when I was 10 years old, and from then on I've found the movie only increasingly compelling. Viewing The Version You've Never Seen in the theater in September 2000 marked the first time I'd seen The Exorcist on the big screen, and I loved the experience ... even though I was aware the entire time that I was not watching the true masterpiece that William Friedkin's motion picture is. Still, I saw the movie two more times while it played in theaters and was gripped by the details every time.<br />Regardless, though the added scenes are, in some ways, helpful to the progress of the story and truer to the spirit of William Peter Blatty's novel, the movie still differs from the novel in many, many details. More importantly, Friedkin helped fashion a soundtrack to the 1973 original that focused on subtlety and the rawness of the moment. There were not many musical pieces, if any at all, to speak of, certainly no underlying score throughout much of the dialog. But there's plenty of that here in scenes that were heretofore silent save for the dialog itself. Music thrown into a dialog scene tells me one thing: OK now, you're SUPPOSED to be scared here. I'd rather just be scared on my own, thank you very much.<br />Perhaps people today don't relate to the kind of quiet, intense terror that the original Exorcist espoused. Though I really like this new movie and recommend it especially to the die-hard fans like myself, I as an Exorcist buff found the added sound elements, as well as the video tricks -- superimposing Pazuzu and the face of death on doors, walls and range tops -- gratuitous. OK, *all* movies are gratuitous, but Regan's face morphing into a monster's during the hypnotizing scene was far too gratuitous for the ideology of this movie. It was like pandering to an audience full of people who are assumed to not want to put up with the movie's subtle dialog and relatively quiet landscape (the quiet scenes far outnumber and run longer than the noisy ones that everyone talks about).<br />Now, of course I expect some modern-day responses to the conventions of yesteryear. I almost laughed myself seeing Chris MacNeil walk around in shawls and plaid skirts. And, when Dr. Klein advised Chris MacNeil to get a prescription of Ritalin for her daughter, I could understand the snickering from the audience.<br />Yet I think the film still stands up, and I can attest to it, hearing the gasps all around me when Regan fled down the stairs in her bloody &quot;spider walk&quot; or viciously masturbated with a crucifix. And I still felt the tension and sadness in the audience when emotions ran high in the film, when Karras broke down thinking about his mother and when Chris begged for a priest because Regan &quot;has already seen every f--king psychiatrist in the world.&quot;<br />I recommend this movie, but keep in mind that the masterpiece was finished a generation ago. This is just a little more whipped cream on top of the sundae ... OK, a rather gory little sundae, but still tasty.
B00005LB9O|5.0|In the two years since The Man Who completely swept everyone away, even winning best album at the Brit Awards, Travis haven't found a new direction, haven't decided to return to their Good Feeling rock roots. They've just spent that time concentrating on making good music with good lyrics. In short, it's good. Travis seem to have taken a more Beatles-esque approach to this cd, keeping the music on the bright side, as opposed to such songs as &quot;Writing To Reach You&quot; from Man Who. In fact, &quot;Flowers In  The Window&quot; sounds so close to the Beatles, it's almost scary. This should be the cd that lets travis break through to the US. It deserves to be, for its great lyrics, and melodies that will stay with you long after you finish listening.
B000002JSR|5.0|Despite what the ONE person (with horrible English and FOUR inane reviews) says, this is my favorite album. After I grew utterly tired of Stairway and Whole Lotta Love, I moved on to the more &quot;obscure&quot; Zep tracks. This album epitomizes Led Zep's penchant for change and willingness to go in a new direction on each album. Do not expect to find any top 40 Zep songs here, expect a &quot;sampler pack&quot; of Zep songs recorded throughout their career. BTW, to answer &quot;Johannes&quot; or &quot;Eric Clapton&quot; or whatever else he wants to call himself, Led Zep broke up when their drummer John Bonham passed away. The breakup was purely out of respect for &quot;Bonzo.&quot;
B00003CXRP|2.0|ok, there are sooo many stinking reviews about this movie...it is a good flick..not a great flick, not the worst one of the year..but it is good.  you all know the plot...but there are some things that are wrong with the movie that have not yet been pointed out...what happened to the ring he gave her in that package?? did she keep it? throw it away?? there was 0 mention of that. also, he goes back and gets with the girl in the truck...he goes down the path of nothing to canada, as she says it...which is where she lives. you can tell by the background at the end and the long paved road behind him...he is facing her place. he is impressed with the logos on the back of her truck, is lonely, she flirted with him...come on, it is obvious.   for those of you that thought this movie was boring...you should have watched it by yourself and not all of your guy friends so you could make fun of the movie together! it is a moving movie, the part where he kisses helen hunt is moving...unless you are too macho to admit that.  i don't see the big deal in not opening that one package..he opened all of the others and did not return those....i say he should have opened it...could have been his way off the island...look how much the ice skates, video tapes, and the other stuff did for him!  good flick, but not best picture...gladiator all the way!
B00003CXDZ|5.0|Finally!! A Millenium Musical. So many musicals have been made throughout the years, and the more that came out, the more stupid they were (Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat), now, we have a musical that's going to remake it all again, \\"Moulin Rouge\\" - Set back in 1899, Moulin Rouge is a wonderfully moving film, making you laugh and sadly want to cry at times. This musical uses contemporary music and wonderful actors and actresses (Nicole and Ewan...awsome, voice and act!). So many musicals I've seen lately are good, but not as good at this. \\"Grease\\" was good. \\"West Side Story\\" was an awsome musical in it's day. \\"Evita\\" was good because of Madonna. \\"Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat\\" -- don't get me started on bad mouthing, but that musical just a joke. -- Now we have \\"Moulin Rouge\\" -- an up-to-date, fast-moving musical that leaves no time to get bored.  This movie is going to be remembered for a while.<br />I recommend this to anyone!!
B000059R8Y|4.0|I purchased this CD after attending EC's show in New Orleans and I am completely happy with this body of work. All the folks that feel this is too mild..too bland..well, then perhaps you should stick with younger artists that still have lots of anger. There's nothing wrong with that, but I believe this album reflects a natural maturation and evolution of EC's style.<br />It ain't growing old..it's just growing up...
0780020685|5.0|It is only when you watch a movie like 7 Samurai that you realize how terrible hollywood movies currently are.  Kurasawa managed to create a classic that is timeless even for Western audiences even though he was working with inferior cameras, black and white film, and almost zero special effects.  The film does not look at all sub par, indeed, when you talk about just basic appearance it is as good as any modern movie without the ugly distortions you find on many older movies.  It is a true testimate to the artistic aspirations of this film that modern audiences can still relate to the work's themes even though they are presented from a non-western tradition and in a foreign language.  But the sheer creativity of Kurasawa is amazing.  It is as if he landed on the moon a thousand years before Armstrong and used only a piece of paper and an abacus for the calculations.  When Kurasawa needs somebody to be shot with an arrow and has no special effect to simulate the scene, he actually shoots somebody (wooden plank under the shirt).  When he needs somebody to be run over with a horse he actually runs him over.  And when he needed an actor who could express volumes only with gestures and facial expressions he hired Toshiro Mifune, the Humphry Bogart of non-western cinema.  7 Samurai is magnificent, even at over three hours every scene is packed with meaningfull information that serves to flesh out every one of a dozen major themes.  This is sure to be a movie you will watch multiple times.
B000002L7V|5.0|Great Dio album, was the last one that was recorded with Vivian Campbell, an album based upon medieval magic and mystical dreams, totally awesome pure talent, with drumming, keyboards on sacred heart, rock&amp;roll children, and hungry for heaven were magnificent, and of course the bass playing rocked with Dio's magnificent voice,lets not forget guitar. This isnt mediocre, a filler, this is pure DIo, sit down take the time to listen to it and get the feel its awesome, Up the Irons and Dios!!!
B00005B4GU|4.0|Let's face it whatever Radiohead do, they're gonna get slagged off for it. They could have ambled along in a &quot;Bends&quot; or even a &quot;OK Computer&quot; verse-chorus-verse-solo type of groove for the next few decades and the critics would have cried &quot;Same old gear...it's about time they got a little bit radical and changed their sound, innit?&quot; <br />But lo and behold! When they really DO get radical and creatively use all the techniques mainly used by magpie-minded and reactionary dance &quot;artists&quot;, whaddya know? The critics STILL get in a strop. Effectively, Radiohead are damned if they do, and damned if they don't...<br />Soooo...don't let the critics think for you. Buy this CD and decide for yourself. All I can really say is that it's by no means perfect (hence only 4 stars) and bits of it will get played more often than others, but it is pretty good, on the whole. It's a highly structured piece of work (like it's older sibling &quot;Kid A&quot;). It's unsettling, bleak in places and it IS undoubtedly difficult to get into first time round (but then again so is Beefheart's excellent classic &quot;Trout Mask Replica&quot;.-You can probably think of more good examples of equally &quot;difficult&quot; records). Standout tracks for me include &quot;Pyramid Song&quot; along with &quot;Knives Out&quot; and the quasi-psychedelic &quot;Like Spinning Plates&quot;. But don't worry about it too much, cos the really interesting question is what Radiohead's next (eventual) move will be. <br />But hey!! If it's unchallenging, anodyne music you want, then shell out for that latest Britney offering, a &quot;Best Of Bon Jovi&quot; CD or even something by the marvellously exciting and overwhelmingly-talented Ms. Geri &quot;Artist Formerly Known As Ginger Spice&quot; Halliwell. Then you can go on with with your life wrapped in that lovely calm, pink fuzz that the corporate giants pass off to the public as reality...
B000002LCE|5.0|OK yes Vivian Campbell left the band a dynamite guitar player and one of the best, but so is craig goldie, he isnt vivian campbell nor is vivian campbell him, Goldie proved he was a god on guitar from the sacred heart tour, see the video urself, well now dream evil, song title and great song abt nightmares, then night people people who love the dark, susnset superman hey great song riffs, great lyrics too i thought they were really cool, of course all the fools sailed away, overlove, bad ass classy guitar riff by Goldie great keyboards on all the songs by Schnell he is like the best keyboardist around, its too bad hes gone, i wish he was back with them but guesse they have to go thr own way, then i could have been a dreamer a kickass song witha great video as well, its just a great album with great drumming as well, and of course bass by jimmy bain one of the best bassists around, too bad he left after this album, im so glad he is back with them in the new line up, this album rocks, go get it its true talented Dio, trust me u wont regret it, I just hope maybe one day claudie schnell comes back with the band one day
B000008H1R|5.0|Ok, this is my first review, so I humbly apologize in advance for my inexperience. That being said, here goes.  Jethro Tull's album Benefit is sheer brilliance.  From the eerie flute we first here on With You There to Help Me throughout the last strum of the guitar on Sossity, Ian and Co. take us on a beatiful journey that gets better every time I listen to this album. This album captures Tull's unique sound, blending rock and folk that makes them so prominent among classic rock artists.  In my opinion this album even outdoes the amazing Aqualung.  Each song is a beatiful piece of music,complete with very intimate lyrics, complemeting each other quite nicely. The first side of this album flows effortlessly.  With You There to Help Me, into the dark Nothing to Say, followed by Inside and then the overly criticized, and to me quite humorous Son lead into for Michael Collins, Jeffrey, and Me, which in my opinion is Tull's most beautiful song.  From here, it continues to impress with the overpowering To Cry You a Song, The aptly titled A Time for Everything?, and the very upbeat (albeit poppy) Teacher and Play in Time, before closing with the ironic and sarcastic Sossity.  This album stands as Tull's crowning achievement, and one of the greatest albums to come out of the 1970's.  I highly recommned it to anyone familar or unfamiliar with Tull.  It is sure to please.  Thanks for reading this, I hope it was not too bad.
B00005B36H|5.0|Tool has come a long way from their EP Opiate.  With two albums (Undertow and Aenima) and a CD/DVD (Salival) they have now given us their long awaited follow up to Aenima.  Lateralus takes us through soundscapes never thought possible.  From the powerful opening &quot;The Grudge&quot; to the final track, &quot;Faaip De Oiad&quot; the CD challenges its listeners to catch up with the many twists and turns that it has.  From the instrumentals (Eon Blue Apocolypse, Mantra, Traid) to the emotional Schism to the powerful duo (Parabol and Parabola) the CD's mood changes with every song until the haunting ending Faaip De Oiad which describes a former Area 51 worker who is trying to warn the public about alien life forms with Danny Carey's drums pulsing in the backround.  I commend Tool for their great effort. Buy Lateralus now!!!
B00000IBVC|3.0|When you perform Turandot at Beijing you have to take advantage of everything you have. This performance looks more like a concert... The choir and the actors are always standing in the same place, as if it were a puppet performance... The voices are not as good as anybody can think. Just an average performance in a really wasted location...
0688145078|2.0|When I ordered this book, I intended to use it to help my 2 1/2 year old adjust to the idea of a new baby in the family.  This book is written for older children. It was not what I expected based on the book's summary.  It is very wordy -- don't get this for a child less than 4.
B00005BJ2O|4.0|I'm a sucker for sound tracks anyway, but I really loved this CD and the instrumentation was soothing.  'One Day I'll Fly Away' and 'Come What May' were exceptionally good, very uplifting. The 'Elephant Love Medley' is wonderfully reminiscent and beautifully composed.
B000002J0P|5.0|Let's face it.  This is CSN (&amp;Y) at their best.  From Suite: Judy Blue Eyes to the end, you just can't stop listening.  After some twenty years of enjoying this band, I still find nuances in their performances on this album.   When you compare it to their newer releases, it still stands up.  For anyone wanting to get a taste of these masters of music, this is the place to start.
B00004TWZF|5.0|I totally respect that people may prefer the &quot;US version&quot;. I didn't even know there were a US version. But the original version, the French version, released in France in 88 and that was a complete generation phenomenon back there is on this DVD. Yes there is sex, yes the ending is darker, yes the music is from Eric Serra, and yes that's the way it should be. Luc Besson works only with Eric Serra for music and vice-versa. A Luc Besson movie without an Eric Serra score seems completely heretical to me. So if you wanna watch the feel good, americanized version with the wrong music, you can watch the VHS, but here you're getting the real thing. And again, this is no jugement on the other version (I haven't seen it), I understand some people prefer it, but this movie on the DVD is the one Luc Besson wanted to make. I don't understand that need of making a US version. Why can't we get the original movie? Do the producers here think we're too dumb to watch the original? Whatever... The Big Blue is not a feel good movie, it has a realistic dark component to make you interogate yourself. That's why I like French movie, they don't compromise.
B000002UAR|5.0|Just a perfect overview of what the Beatles could do in a short time.
0618135871|4.0|After reading &quot;Portnoy's Complaint&quot; a few years back, I felt that I had developed a new perspective of things, having been put into the mind of a developing boy, and a Jewish one at that.<br />Now, with &quot;The Dying Animal,&quot; I've been placed into the mind of an old, and what might be considered perverted man - a professor (and local, cultural expert) - who refuses to be just what he is, old and nearer to death than he would like to believe. It is in this denial - the disregard of mortality - that creates what he is: a sexual animal among women, preying on the fresh, young flesh that are his female students, a result that he blames on the sexual revolution of the 1960's. <br />In telling of his first seductions, he - ironically -portrays himself as the victim, as though he were sucked into sex by an irrefusable vacuum of temptation. It is as if he is saying, &quot;that was the decade, that was what had to be done.&quot; But, if one reads further, there will be an understanding to why he became what he is and why he abandoned his wife and son during that decade. In the simplest of explanations, he refuses to share with a woman, it is a power struggle; he must have authority over all things. He can easily copulate with a female, but fears the deeper intimacy that goes beyond the touching of her skin. That would require him to be a more vulnerable man and he would rather be the animal. That is, until he meets Consuela.<br />Rather than tell of their whole affair, I will simply write that the most beautiful passages are dedicated to her. &quot;The Dying Animal&quot; reads like a love letter to his beloved Consuela. The reader sees that even the most indignant creature has a human weakness. <br />As Roth states, &quot;The only obsession everyone wants: 'love.' People think that in falling in love they make themselves whole? The Platonic union of souls? I think otherwise. I think you're whole before you begin. And the love fractures you. You're whole, andthen you're cracked open.&quot;<br />Read this book.
B00005BF9Z|5.0|Manu Chao's follow-up to &quot;Clandestino&quot; stands up on it's own merit.  First, &quot;Clandestino&quot; is, in IMHO, one the best CDs ever.  So &quot;Proxima Estacion&quot; has a hard act to follow.  Manu Chao seems to be in a more playful mood on this CD and again flows through many styles of music and makes them his own.  I find that the more I play this CD, the more I like it.  As with his last CD, this CD will be with me when I travel.  There is a raw third world emotional feeling to his music that helps me transcend the rat race that I am stuck in living in the USA.   He does repeat sound landscape that was on Clandestino, but that is part of his sound and there is some comfort in this, not a lack of originality.  I am hoping that Manu comes to the USA so that I can see him perform live. I also am looking forward to his next CD, hopefully he won't make us wait so long this time.
B00005AXEL|5.0|My hubby bought this CD for my birthday. I love Stevie Nicks's works and have literally grown up listening to her. EveryDay is such a good song, and although I wish for some of Buckingham's guitar licks every now and then, I found this a wonderful collection of songs, the best that Nicks has done in years. What is wonderful...is the power of her voice, still strong after years and years in the business. This woman is eternally young, in heart and soul. The poetry is back. I hope we see more from her in the next few years.
B00003CXRP|5.0|This was an amazing movie -- Hanks is clearly one of the most talented actors ever (The Green Mile, Apollo 13, Saving Private Ryan), and his versatility is unparallelled.  Beautiful scenery, a very realistic plot, and masterful editing make this movie outstanding.<br />If you're looking for fast-paced, predictable, &quot;cookie-cutter&quot; Hollywood fluff, this movie is not for you. But...with a little imagination and an open mind, you may appreciate the movie for what it was intended:  Cast Away is hilariously funny, crushingly tragic, occasionally shocking, and above all, a celebration of the triumph of the human spirit against all odds.
B00005B4GU|5.0|I've got a feeling, that after reading a ton of reviews tainted with opinionated judgements..of course people will have no chance to actually make up their minds about such a diverse album. People get so worked up about Radiohead's work after OK Computer, expectations are sky-high(but hesitant); the masses wondering 'Will this be the next blinding-in-your-face OKC'..etc. I expect most downloaded it of the net before buying the CD. Pre-mature judgements before literally EXPOSING yourself to Radiohead's mocking fire.<br />Amnesiac is fire. So many refuse to be burnt, for fear of painful realisation,  that perhaps this may be the reputed 'left overs' from the hyped Kid A...BUT LEFTOVERS ARE TREASURES..<br />Listen to it over and over again..and forget this futile review, detatch yourselves from OKC, and perhaps Kid A..and listen to the sound of Spinning Plates crashing down throughout this (already stigmatised) work of art.
B00005B4GU|3.0|It's way too easy to take Radiohead's &quot;new sound&quot; as some kind of artistic revelation that defies anything that's come before.  Certainly after &quot;OK Computer&quot; Radiohead deserves some serious attention, since after all it is an incredible album.  &quot;Kid A&quot; took a while to grow on me, but after listening to it with some very nice headphones on I've come to appreciate its subtle texutres. Unfortunately, too many of the songs on Amnesiac strike me as rejects from the Kid A compilation.  It's not an album that can be classifed as &quot;terrible,&quot; but there are songs which are repeat a boring line over and over again as though the listener is supposed to appreciate it simply because it's Radiohead.  Too much of the band as a whole disappears over the course of the album.  I've seen enough of Thom Yorke to be thoroughly digusted by the idea of his cult of personality, and this album is too much of him and not enough of the rest of the band.  I think it's time everyone gets over the idea that Radiohead is the next Pink Floyd.  Thom and company are very capable musicians, but this album sounds like an average effort from an average band trying very hard to do something different.  Certainly worth getting if you'd like to know where Radiohead is moving next, but don't get it if you're buying it to impress your friends with your stunning ability to &quot;get it.&quot;
B000053V7Q|5.0|I purchased the vhs version years ago, and I must say that the dvd version is nothing short of sensational. The impression that I got after viewing the show ( with the sound good and loud ) that it was just like being there. Apart from the visual improvement, the sound is absolutly fantastic and a big leap from the original VHS. I can strongly recommend this DVD to any Elvis fan or anyone that enjoys great music of this genre.
0792156684|1.0|As you watch Leonardo Di Caprio drown, frozen in the cruel arctic waters, it is hard not to experience a tremendous feeling of satisfaction; such is the art of James Cameron, the catharsis is overwhelming.  For more than two hours you have been wishing that Leonardo, along with most of the cast and crew, were dead, and then, there they are, breathing their last.   The film begins brilliantly with some lively and vulgar wordplay from an underwater salvage team - you could be forgiven for thinking you've put the wrong film in your player and are about to witness some made-for-video action and adventure flick - but no, there's been no mistake, you are about to see two hundred million dollars worth of the best that Hollywood has to offer: James Cameron has masterfully toyed with your expectations. Quickly we meet Jack (Leonardo) and, my, what a snivelling little weasel he is; within minutes a deep enmity is established between him and the gentle viewer.  From then on, Jack is placed in situations where the viewer might reasonably expect his imminent demise.  Thus Kate Winslett (Rose) could quite easily have pushed him overboard on several occasions, and smothered him on at least one other; Billy Zane could have shot him (rumour has it that in real life Billy actually did shoot Leonardo, and most of the budget of film was actually dedicated to the CGI recreation of Leonardo in the last 90 minutes of the film, and in the subsequent Oscar ceremonies, as well as in his so-called 'real life' ever after); he could have easily died during the Irish dancing and revelry; the possibilities are endless. The appearance of the iceberg is truly cause for celebration.  What a good iceberg it is, searching out and destroying this disgraceful cast and scruppering the film good and proper.  As the water itself, the very stuff of life, attempts to kill Leonardo, one feels sure that justice is about to be dispensed.  The denoument is delicious. A lovely postscript shows Rose thowing her priceless jewel into the depths of the Atlantic.  Rather than selling this, and using the proceeds to feed the hungry or heal the sick, she chooses to throw perhaps the equivalent of two hundred milliion dollars into the ocean, down the proverbial drain, as it were  - surely a wonderful symbol for the movie as a whole.
B00004YM0D|5.0|This Is the best movie and sound track ever Believe me
B000000WHX|5.0|Being the chronologically backwards guy I am, I listened to Mezzanine before I listened to this, and I loved every single song on it.  In my collection of about 100 albums, Mezzanine would easily rank in the top 10, possibly top 5.  It was the single most immaculately produced CD I have ever heard, the vocal performances were out of this world, and the songs were great too.  Massive's debut 'Blue Lines' also features the great vocals and wonderful genre-twisting, moody, soulful songs of its latest album, but being 7 years behind Mezzanine, it isn't quite as perfect in the production department.  Not that this is a complaint - when the music is this original, melodic and milk chocolatey smooth, the CD isn't dependent on superior production.  The music contains the raw emotion of retro-70's soul, the mellow quality of reggae, and the strong beats and vocal exchanges of hiphop, all melded into one seamless, natural, unique sound.  The album, only 9 songs long, has created its own genre of &quot;trip-hop&quot;, which is a commendable achievement.  My only complaints - the title track doesn't quite grab my attention, and the repetitive beats and bass line of track 8 'Lately' just sounds kinda cheesy to me.  Still, 7 of the 9 songs are works of art.  Standouts include the strong opener 'Safe From Harm', the R&amp;B influenced 'Be Thankful For What You Got', the strings-drenched 'Unfinished Sympathy', as well as the Horace Andy-led 'One Love' and the profound 'Hymn Of The Big Wheel'.  But best of all is what is possibly the mellowest hip-hop song ever written in 'Five Man Army'.  The vocal exchanges are superb, and Daddy G is always a treat for the ears.  The flow of this song is unmatched by artists that are strictly hip-hop.  And there is no vocalist quite like Horace.  Believe everything you've heard about this album - it is truly a work of art (save for 2 tracks).  This is Massive's crowning achievement, if only because its their debut, and deserves a spot in everybody's music library.  If you don't like this, you don't like music.
B00003CX5A|5.0|What a simply marvellous showing by Johnny &quot;Dreamboat&quot; Depp !!!! <br />How my spine tingled deliciously throughout the film - and goosebumps galore!!!!! For 3 nights after the film, I heard the hooves of the Headless Hunters horse galloping through my dreams...........   A Fandabidozy film, only a tad marred by Cristina Ricci as an unfortunately unbelivable love interest for dear Icahabod Crane  - (although I ask myself - perhaps a touch of the green eyed monster on my part????). TOP MARKS ALL ROUND!!!!!!!
B000006TRV|5.0|Well, let's see, I would have given this little gem a 6 if I could have but nevermind that.  This double disc album is truly breath-taking and delivers on every level.  The story told is simply stunning and I couldn't love it more.  I am only 16 but I have come to appreciate all music, even the music I do not prefer.  But this is the pinnacle of my collection.  Great for tripping and great to sleep to.  I LOVE THIS CD!!! Pink FLoyd is great and I own teh DVD of The Wall and it is amazing work by Roger Waters and Alan Parker..i reccomend it also for viewing
B00004Z459|5.0|As I already said it is deffinetaly not Limp Bizkit volume 2. their music is fresh and they haven't made covers yet (Limp Bizkit cool songs all are coveers from Metallica etc.) These guys have a great future . Keep on going. If for instance Limp Bizkit is only a great show then these guys make really good stuff. Their songs have such great melodies on the background and they rap is just superb! What else can I say : Buy, listen and love them!
0783226063|5.0|David Lynch's &quot;DUNE&quot; is a feast for the mind and the senses. Using state of the art special effects (at the time) and pre- recorded inner dialog, Lynch's adaption of Frank Herbert's novel is an real treat. While some found it weird (and it is) the visuals should be enough to sustain the average movie-goer. Kyle MacLachlan is excellent as Paul Atreides in his first major film role. Using his powerful method acting to keep up with the screen presence of Patrick Stewart, Virginia Madsen, Max Von Sydow, and Linda Hunt, MacLachlan is dead on and always keeping his own. The other cast members are very good as well, especially Stewart and Von Sydow. The worms are wonderfully executed, and they don't look horribly fake because the film makers used puppets rather than stop motion animation to move them. Bottom line, for fun and thought from the master of bizzaro-world, look no further than David Lynch's &quot;DUNE.&quot;
0553296981|5.0|Anne Frank: The Diary or a Young Girl is the most unforgettable book I have ever read. 14 years ago, my grade 7 class was asked to read this amazing story. I was completely touched and utterly inspired by this young girl of about my same age. Through each entry of her diary, I felt closer to this remarkable girl. At the age of 12, I had very little interest in learning about a war that seemed so far and distant from me. I reluctantly began my readings and soon found myself connecting with Anne; a girl who seemed to be going through a lot of the same emotional and physical aspects as I. She became so real to me and I heartbreakingly realized that she was going through so much more than I had ever previously fathomed. Anne Frank was a remarkable young woman with an ability to write honestly and beautifully so that she could touch and reach out to all indviduals. Because of Anne Frank, I was inspired to begin writing in my own journal and I continue to express myself through writing today. I can no longer compare myself to such a brilliant and strong-willed girl; however, I will remain touched from her life. I hope that this diary continues to touch lives and show them some of the harsh realities of World War II.
B00005LC1H|5.0|I OWN THE VHS BBC VERSION.I CANT WAIT TILL THIS COMES OUT IN DVD. I HAVE BEEN A BIG FAN OF THE BBC SERIES FOR A LONG TIME. ITS HYSTERICAL. THIS IS BRITISH HUMOR AT ITS VERY VERY BEST. JOHN CLEESE TIMING IS PERFECT. AS WELL AS THE REST OF THE CAST.IF YOUR A JOHN CLEESE FAN.YOUR GONNA LOVE THIS BBC SERIES. -10 STARS!!!
B00000DHRZ|5.0|All my other music reviews have been for rap cds, and I listen to mostly that, but The Offspring are great.  Their brand of power punk/pop is great for everyone.  I've loved them since 1994's &quot;Smash&quot; and have all their albums.<br />&quot;Have You Ever&quot; is nice and fast.  &quot;Staring At The Sun&quot; is also fast and punky.  &quot;Pretty Fly&quot; has a pop touch, but it's nice.  &quot;The Kids Aren't Alright&quot;, &quot;Feelings&quot;, &quot;She's Got Issues&quot;, &quot;Walla Walla&quot;, &quot;End Of The Line&quot;, &quot;No Brakes&quot;, and &quot;Americana&quot; are all fast and punky, while &quot;pay The Man has an Egyptian tone and &quot;Why Don't You Get A Job&quot; is poppy.  Also at the end of &quot;Pay The Man&quot; a salsa remix of &quot;Pretty Fly&quot; is there and is great.<br />I reccomend anything by The Offspring, no matter who you are, especcially 1994's &quot;Smash&quot;, 1998's &quot;Americana&quot;, and 2000's &quot;Conspiracy Of One&quot;.
0399146253|1.0|I have loved the Kay Scarpetta series over the years - but with the last two novels I think it's time for Cornwell to head in a new direction.  This series has evidently dried up.  I was so disappointed in this book.  If you have been a fan of the series everything in this book is old information - a certain amount of this is expected in a series - but this one was a waste of my money because &quot;I've heard it all before&quot;.  Kay, Lucy, and Marino have become very unpleasant people - there is no joy in their lives, even off the job.  Doom and Gloom!
B000002GB9|5.0|That Styx met commercial success is incontrovertible, as is the fact of their clat, great enough to extend their familiarity to even today's youth raised amidst the decadence of music. However, as truly talented artists they are too often disappreciated, sometimes considered just a mainstream 70's hit-factory, which they are not; occasionally even called pretentious, which they likewise are not. In actuality, Styx lies somewhere in between--not merely in between on a two-dimensional scale but also elevated in the third, as The Grand Illusion, their magnum opus, exemplifies. Herein lies the perfect synartesis of art rock and arena rock, music that is creative and ornate while never turgid or desultory, catchy and tuneful while never trite or predictable. With this album, Styx attained an unprecedented quality of songwriting, sufficient to establish that they are indeed sui generis. I will put forth as an example the song with which most everyone is familiar, \\"Come Sail Away.\\" Were the latter half to be isolated, it could be preserved in an hermetically sealed display case (figuratively speaking) as a prime piece of classic rock. As a whole, the composition is breathtaking--too overwhelming for our figurative museum exhibit. Beginning as a piano ballad, growing loftier in its second verse, the song shocks the listener with its majestic melody: was rock music really meant to be so elegantly beautiful?   <br />Although each song of The Grand Illusion has its own unique flavour, all are alike in their display of artistic brilliance. Providing a stately introduction to the album, the title track is a rocker of sorts, too grandiose and theatrical to be considered typical AOR. . . With its winsome, whimsical synth and guitar arrangements, \\"Fooling Yourself\\" lightens the tone without a loss of artistic prowess. . . The melodious pop-rock of \\"Superstars\\" contains a uplifting melody intermitted briefly by DeYoung's soliloquy underlying instrumentation that gives the sense ofthe intro to a slightly maniacal carnival. . . \\"Come Sail Away,\\" previously mentioned, is gorgeous enough to bear another mention. . . Opening with a bleak, pulsating instrumental passage, \\"Miss America\\" quickly metamorphoses into the album's only track of pure, invigorating hard rock. . . \\"Man in the Wilderness,\\" underrated but beautiful, is Styx at their most powerful and emotional. . . Speaking of underrated songs, \\"Castle Walls\\" is as mesmerizing as music can be. Close your eyes. . .as throbbing drums initiate the song, as the haunting, seductive melody emerges, in first keyboards then vocals. . .close your eyes, and feel them palpitate against your lids. This is also the song whose dizzying instrumental section I once heard coming from someone's car--car?! No, one ought NEVER to listen to music so enchanting while driving! . . \\"The Grand Finale\\" reiterates excerpts from \\"Superstars\\" and the title song before bringing the album to a dramatic close. <br />In an imperfect world, the perfection of this album is disconcerting--and don't think that I've not tried to cavil; I just cannot! Songwriting? Impeccable. Production? Great. Musicianship? Excellent enough to fulfill the songwriting, and that's what matters. Vocals? Flawless. I have before wondered if I would not prefer DeYoung to sing every track rather than just 1/4/7, but the use of multiple lead-singers is nice as it further emphasizes the music's diversity. Shaw (2/3/6) has a very pleasant voice, and JY (5) sounds good for his heavier type of songwriting. Lyrics? The avoidance of flagrant solecisms typically prevalent in popular music is great in itself! The lyrics are nothing florid, but how much elocution do you expect an AOR band? Compared to much of the genre (as well as much other Stygian work) this album is insightful. Styx presents a message that is positive, sometimes inspirational (particularly \\"Come Sail Away,\\" which I like to interpret as a response to \\"George Gray\\"). Cover art? Heck, Rene Magritte based his famous \\"Carte Blanche\\" on this interesting piece of abstract narrative surrealism. Maybe that's an anachronism, but the artwork is appropriate, and for more reasons than the obvious portrayal of \\"illusion\\"; succinctly, it mirrors the music in the use of technical skill to produce something beautiful and captivating. . . If The Grand Illusion can be aspersed, it is only through the \\"it's too short\\" argument. However, this is not a sufficient basis for accusation, for who knows but that anything added would corrupt the album. One cannot criticize the 38 min. 57 sec. for not being 39 minutes, when all of the 38 min. 57 sec. is used perfectly. Time is relative, after all, but ever progressing against the power of us mortals, and as time moves on, people will die and feed the worms, nations will be reduced to history book passages, usable energy will decay to heat, modern luxuries will crumble to dust. . .but beauty will remain--not the ephemeral prettiness of the youthful covergirl, but the pure beauty, the timeless grandeur, the eternal enchantment of a true masterpiece. That is why, in centuries to come, when names like Christina Aguilera and Eminem are familiar only to the most learned cultural historians, the aesthete will sit quietly in his study, listen to The Grand Illusion, and know. . .here is music. <br />~pythia~
0844230006|1.0|The contents' probably great, but what happened to the cover of the book? Did Young &amp; Bernbach over-squeezed their &quot;creativities&quot; and left the cover of this book out cold? Wake up guys...bright yellow is a definite NO-NO for a book cover...leave the &quot;neons&quot; for Las Vegas...!!
0792101448|5.0|Please add my name to the list of people requesting this masterpiece on DVD.    Not only the ultimate Spaghetti Western, but one of the best Westerns ever.
B000003BF4|5.0|This is the greatest album by the Greatest Rock n' Roll Band in the World.  When I first bought it, I thought it was sloppy, too, but as I listened more I came to realize just how magnificent it really is.  Sympathy for the Devil is their finest performance ever, followed closely by Midnight Rambler and Little Queenie.  The rest are superior as well, with the possible exception of Stray Cat Blues, which should have been replaced by the version of Satisfaction we hear on Gimme Shelter.  This is the best live album I know of, and it deserves a thoughtful re-release with the inclusion of all four verses of Sympathy included (the last was cut), and the other songs from these landmark performances.
B000058T5E|3.0|I am a long time Jeff Beck fanatic. I have listened to this album repeatedly, and tried to like it wholeheartedly. But I can't. With the exceptions of quiet, shimmeringly beautiful, haunting &quot;Suspension&quot;, and &quot;Nadia&quot;, an exotic Indian song (in which Jeff bends too many notes),every track is harsh and repetitious. Jeff's genius is obvious and his pushing of the sonice envelope should be applauded. CLapton would never take chances like this. But what's missing is balance and structure.
B00004Z1MN|5.0|Considering watching movies to be a waste of time, I very nearly missed this. Mom brought Frequency home from the library one day and told me that it dealt with time travel, with a present person's disruption of the past. \\"Oh, how original, ha, ha,\\" I thought. Nevertheless, I decided that it could not hurt to watch the beginning, and, after seeing the awe-inspiring auroral activity and hearing it explained in relation to string theory, I thought I'd stick around to see where this film was going. Boy, was I glad I did...<br />First of all, no time travel, at least in the popularly accepted sense, actually occurs; that is, every character remains in his appropriate time. To be accurate, it is a movie about the synchronism of two plotscapes 30 years distant. As the interact, small changes in the earlier result in a myriad of variations in the later and the intervening decades. I believe that Frequency's theory is valid insofar as events we assume to occur chronologically are actually, if they could be seen from a higher-dimensional perspective (i.e. that of God, certainly incomprehensible to humans!), synchronous. (This is much closer to the view presented in Slaughterhouse 5, though Frequency still relates.) In fact, I accept the idea that given the right circumstances--perhaps a large-scale magnetic storm would play a role--communication between these different times may be possible. However, I also believe that all of time was created with all of space, and that, just as a line stretches out within a plane, everything that has happened and will happen is immutably laid out within this third temporal dimension. Thus, even if inter-time communication were to take place, all of future and past would remain unchanged, for the effects of this interaction have already been ingrained into the grand scheme of time. (On a side note, yes, this does entail predestination; no, that neither precludes free-will nor excuses laziness--but that is another essay in itself.) Unfortunately, this theory does not lend itself well to film. <br />Well, enough of my philosophical musings. I do hope that this movie will immerse you in such abstruse, mindbending ruminations--and then if anyone ever tells you that you cannot stimulate your mind while staring into a television screen, gainsay them with one word: Frequency. Of course, I suppose that the idea of movie grounded in the abstract reasoning of modern theoretical physics does not titillate everyone. Thus, I ought to mention that this is by no means the entirety of the film. Its gripping, suspenseful tale of murder is sure to keep the viewer enthralled. The climax is one of the most exciting I've seen (though granted, coming from me, that's not saying a whole lot), and the final resolution is great--cool enough that for a moment I forgot how this movie contradicts to my metaphysical ideas. I dare not say more than that, but know that Frequency is a complete film, not one of those movies that leaves the viewer asking, \\"That's it?!\\" Although the gravity of the murder thriller prevails, the movie does also contain a few humorous touches. For the sentimentalists, it is also a touching story of the relationship between father and son. Furthermore, I must say again that the auroral scenes are spectacular (especially for New York). This movie delights on so many accounts that to reserve two hours for watching it is definitely worthwhile!  <br />~pythia~
0553106635|1.0|What started out as a good thing has slipped beyond mediocrity into drivel.  Martin is stretching this tale out and one wonders whether he will ever get to the point ala many of the modern fantasy writers i.e., Jordan.  I reread all 3 of the books issued just to be sure  I was being fair.  I realize now the unkindest cut of all is coming from the author who is perpetuating a long drawn out seemingly pointless story on all who had the misfortune to hope that finally a tale worthy of being held up to LOTR was being presented to us.  I enjoyed the first book and eagerly anticipated the second.  I was disappointed with it and hoped for redemption with the third. My dejection was compounded by the third installation.  To hades with this nonsense.  DONT write another...oh please end the misery.......
B00003CXRM|5.0|This is definitely one of the best films of 2000 and what's not to like? Both goofball and sophisticated humor, visually stunning, simplistic on the surface while being complex underneath, it's a delight for the senses and a thinking person's film despite the seemingly dopey subject matter and main characters.<br />It's a very loose retelling of Homer's Odyssey set in the American deep south during the Great Depression of the 1930s. The three main characters are escaped convicts, and their adventures will keep you entertained throughout the film and wanting more. The acting is right on the money and not overdone (which it could have easily slipped into considering the subject matter). A quote from aint-it-cool-news.com sums it up well, &quot;George Clooney will never again be this cool in a film.&quot; <br />I immediately went out and bought the soundtrack, which, if you enjoy the roots of American music like I do, is a great selection of &quot;mountain music&quot; and blues songs as well as soundtrack elements done in a slightly more modern style. <br />This film has so much going for it. If you don't believe me, rent before you buy and you won't be disappointed.
B000056N8X|1.0|I loved the first film, but boy do I wish they'd taken their own advice. &quot;There can be only ONE!!!&quot; When handed the script for this turkey, the director should have said &quot;Who wrote this drivel and have they even seen the original film?!?&quot; The writers clearly forgot that Connor MacLeod won the &quot;Prize&quot; back in 1985!<br />Whereas Highlander 2 ignored the original history of the immortals, (and was rightfully slated for it) this film goes one further. It completely ignores everything that happened in the original film except when it is convenient for a flashback. <br />Even if you can ignore the awful script, the unexplained appearances of unknown characters and plot elements (unless you have seen the TV series); you still won't believe what they do to the story in the name of continuing their franchise.<br />Endgame? Let's hope so!
B00004Z311|5.0|I ordered this for my mother in Dec for Christmas (AND NOW ITS JUNE!).  She loves this movie and has worn the tape out playing it.  She said if it doesn't come out soon she was going to put a spell on me.  Please... I don't want to be a unicorn!!
B000002GJH|5.0|The first time I came aross this CD I was 13 years old (back in '93).  Today I am 21 and it is still a favorite of mine.  If you like Pearl Jam and Soundgarden from the early-mid 90's, then you should definitely check this CD out.  It has both Eddie Vedder and Chris Cornell singing in the same songs.  My personal favorite is Hunger Strike.  <br />I can bring this CD up in a conversation with almost any kind of group of people in their early 20's and I usually hear the same thing:  What a great CD it is.  I agree that this some of Eddie Vedder's and Chris Cornell's best work thus far.
0385484518|5.0|&quot;Once you learn how to die, you learn how to live&quot; (82).  These were the words of the professor and philosopher, Morrie Schwartz.  After receiving his death sentence when he was diagnosed with ALS (a.k.a. Lou Gherig's Disease) , Morrie embraced death and decided to learn from the experience rather than wallow in self-pity and grief.  This novel is told from the perspective of his final student, Mitch Albom.  However as one reads the novel, he feels as if there is not only one student present, but tow, as the reader relives a moving rendition of the last class Morrie ever taught.  The pages seem to teem with inspiration and heart-warming beliefs, as the reader takes the journey through Morrie's final months of life.  Albom writes with the great eloquence of triteness, making the novel flow by easily and quickly.  He is able to portray deep issues and message with few wrods, showing his great gift of writing without cluttering the reader's mind.  His unique sense of metaphors gives the reader a beautiful view of what the &quot;classroom&quot; and &quot;teacher&quot; would look like and the auras they both emitted.  Making all that he stated in conversations with Morrie as thoughts, Albom created the effect that Morrie is directly teaching the reader, which produces a great attachment to the professor.  I actually wanted to read the book at a slower pace because I knew that the end of the novel would mean the end of Morrie's life, and the reader becomes so emotionally involved that this provokes unspeakable sadness.  This novel coud be enjoyed and appreciated by all, but it is especially directed towards the confuse person seeking direction and inspirational guidance.  Never has a novel taught me so much, straightening out my twisted perspective of olife and reminding me of what really matters.
B00003CXRM|5.0|This is definitely one of the best films of 2000 and what's not to like? Both goofball and sophisticated humor, visually stunning, simplistic on the surface while being complex underneath, it's a delight for the senses and a thinking person's film despite the seemingly dopey subject matter and main characters.<br />It's a very loose retelling of Homer's Odyssey set in the American deep south during the Great Depression of the 1930s. The three main characters are escaped convicts, and their adventures will keep you entertained throughout the film and wanting more. The acting is right on the money and not overdone (which it could have easily slipped into considering the subject matter). A quote from aint-it-cool-news.com sums it up well, &quot;George Clooney will never again be this cool in a film.&quot;<br />I immediately went out and bought the soundtrack, which, if you enjoy the roots of American music like I do, is a great selection of &quot;mountain music&quot; and blues songs as well as soundtrack elements done in a slightly more modern style.<br />This film has so much going for it. If you don't believe me, rent before you buy and you won't be disappointed.
B00003CXBK|5.0|I was skeptical at first because I have watched lots of different anime titles, and most of them are quite poor.  But I went ahead and bought this based on the rave reviews it received.  The first time that I watched it, I wasn't sure what to think because the story was so strange compared to the stories found in Western animation, but it really grew on me.  <BR><BR> The animation is top notch...I have never seen anything so beautiful before.  The characters are superbly drawn.  This is definitely an instant classic that you will want in your collection.
020161622X|5.0|I often ask and keep asking the professionals how to become a good programmer. The only answer from them is just keeping writing and gathering experience from projects. Whereas I found myself grab very little in this process. With this, I got my really answer to be a real programmer, it doesn't mean I can fly or get to be professional immediately, whereas, now that I know what is going on to my code and I know what a programmer should do. Written in a systemetic approach, programmer can easily grab what they want. A MUST pick for real programmer!
B00005LB9O|5.0|This album is mellower than Good Feeling, but a great follow up to The Man Who.  Fran's lyrics are so amazing.  It is great in an age of vapid teen music to hear deep, sincere song writing.  Be sure to see these guys live if you get a chance.  They talk, they joke, they are great live, and it will make you a fan for life.  Dougie rocks!
B00005BJ2O|5.0|I bought this CD 5 days ago and have played nothing else since. I've even been out and bought a load of AA batteries so that I can listen to it on my discman at night. Ewan McGregor is stunning as is Nicole. There is such a variety of styles on the album that it's hard not to find something you like and it's even harder to choose a favourite. The re-makes are beyond brilliant and I can't wait to see the movie.
B00005AQE8|5.0|The first time i listened to this cd, almost 4 years ago, it instantly became my favorite album. Now, 2pac's my favorite rapper, and this is still my favorite cd. The whole cd is bumpin with tracks like &quot;All About U&quot;, &quot;How Do U Want It&quot;, &quot;2 Of Amerikaz Most Wanted&quot;, &quot;California Love&quot;, &quot;Thug Passion&quot;, and &quot;All Eyez On Me&quot;.  I love this cd so much that when the digitally remastered copy came out, i bought it too. This is the greatest rap of all time, by rap's biggest star. It's a must-have 4 any rap fan.
067960085X|4.0|The reason I chose this book is because the word \\"Tiffany\\". We all know \\"Tiffany &amp; Co.\\", the most famous jewelry store in America. I though this book was talking about female's favor, diamond, but there is nothing about diamond after I finished reading the first short story.  Basically, the novel is dividing into three short stories. This book was very easy to understand, was described within the modern words and the issue that we face in today's life. The main character, Holly Golightly, is a brilliantly and charming woman. She makes you feel like she lives in the same house as you do. Everyone came in contact with her falls in love with her.  As I kept reading the book, I loved the way it described Holly's appearance, feelings, lifestyles, and actions. Trying to find yourself from your life is the theory or model in Breakfast at Tiffany's. I feel it was a great theory because it dealt with something everyone will face sooner or later.  Not everything went perfectly. I found it somewhat boring to just read the conversations between the characters, in which some had no point. Generally, the book is fun because when I read it, I could compare later and now and realized the change in our society.
0671034065|5.0|I was just browsing one day in the book store and this book caught my eye. After reading a little about it I decided to buy it. Now i'm glad I did. Mr. Perfect has the right amount of humor, romance, and mystery with a suprising shock in the end. It is a really good book to curl up with!
0345347951|5.0|This is one of those sci-fi books where the fun is in guessing what form and objective the aliens have (and then are there alterior motives!!??).  The story is an easy-read without a lot of techie talk and the human relationships are a vital part of the story.  I really liked this book.
B00003CXP0|5.0|i loved this movie and I also loved that they portrayed drugs as &quot;Not good&quot; and as something that can do harm to your life then and also your future. I liked that it was realistic and did not try to glamorise it as some movies try to do. But latley people have been showing the real side of things and i hope we keep that up because more and more kids are doing drugs these days and with movies like this it can show that they are &quot;Not cool&quot; and that they can seriously hurt you and your life.
0312117337|4.0|This is one of the most beautiful decks in my collection.  The colors are clear and beatiful, the execution is always idiomatic and creative, and the look is fantastic overall.  While I do not always like the way the cards are interpreted by the author, it is undeniably one of the most lovely and readable in my collection.  I enjoy it a great deal.
B00003CXRM|5.0|I have to say the &quot;O Brother Where Art Thou&quot; is one of the most delightful films I have ever viewed.  I really enjoy George Clooney so this film was a must see for me, but there is so much more to this movie.  Acting barely scratches the surface.  The cinematography was lovely and the script was very very well written.  But lets not forget the music.  I never knew how much I loved bluegrass, American roots music until I bought the soundtrack.  Then when I saw &quot;O Brother&quot; the music and the movie just meshed together so well.  Plus the extra features on the DVD version are swell.  Definatly worth a look.
014028009X|5.0|This was such a fun book to read! It goes by so fast and every minute of it is full of funny, interesting, good clean comedy. Although I can't yet relate to Bridget Jones (I am single, but just 19), I was told by an older lady that everything she went through was so true! Any person (male or female) would enjoy this novel. Yeah, it's about a single 30-something female, but her daily diary entries are fun for anybody to read. Share this with a friend, or better yet, tell them to go buy one themselves!
6305041156|3.0|Although this film was filled with accurate renditions of Ancient Feudalistic Japan, it was at times sporatic and VERY lengthy!  The fight scenes where well done, especially the seiges.  However, if the viewer has not an inkling of the guidelines Samurai lived and ultimately died by, they'd be utterly lost.<br />This film was lacking something the entire way...I found myself wishing the Great Lord would just find a sharp rock or anything to commit sepikku!
B000002U82|5.0|Pink Floyd's The Dark Side of the Moon is a testament to great rock and roll.  Filled with songs that flow and make you feel relaxed, and yet they are also playable on retro rock portions of the heavy rock stations.  It is a stunning bolt of talented music brought together with powerful (if exestensial) lyrics by Roger Waters and great music by the whole group.  Songs include Breath in the Air, Time, Us and Them, Money, Eclipse, Dark Side of the Moon and Any Colour You Like ... .
6305265666|5.0|This is the version of Cinderella that my future children will see.  Ever After is a light movie that while, benevolent and warm, escapes the flippancy that one may expect from a flick that was targeted at an adolescent female audience.  The beauty of this movie is its strict adherence to rational metaphysics; I've never seen a fairy tale presented this way.  The good characters in this movie draw their power through books and knowledge, through fierce independence and relentless individuality.  The evil characters in this movie are destroyed by their superficiality and parasitic reliance on the good.  Compared to the message of most of these types of movies from Hollywood, Ever After is defiantly positive.
B00005A1PR|4.0|For weeks, I had been listening to &quot;Video&quot; on the radio. The song was one that I felt that I could relate to. A couple of weeks ago, I heard an interview with India.Arie on NPR. They played some cuts off her CD and I fell in love. I immediately ran out to get it. I have truly enjoyed the entire CD. The first few tracks remind me of Tracy Chapman. I have played it so that one of my coworkers went out to buy a copy for himself. I look forward to hear what she will give us next.
B00000JNJ1|4.0|Before Rod Stewart was King of Adult Contemporary Pap, he was a wild, crazy, fun frontman with the Faces. If you want to hear where the Black Crowes got a ton of their influences, check out this disc. I just picked it up last night, previously only knowing two or three Faces songs. This is a must for any rock'n'roll fan. Swaggering rock debauchery. &quot;Bad'n'Ruin&quot; is one of the best songs I've heard in a long time. The classics &quot;Stay With Me&quot; and &quot;Ooh La La&quot; are here, as well as the gorgeous &quot;Sweet Lady Mary&quot; and a whole lot more. Break out your velvet bell bottoms...and turn this one up! Great for any party.
B00000FZ1V|5.0|Ivan Reitman's greatest triumph, Ghostbusters, is really at it's core fun.  It never takes itself way too seriously and even is it might scare kids at first (I know the big dog scared me as a kid), it is something that can grow on anyone, especially line wise.  It is goofy in it's approach to the supernatural, and it is really helped along the way by Murray (funny as always), Aykroyd, and Ramis (the two also wrote the movie).  A gas.
B00003CXRP|4.0|I loved Cast Away and bought the DVD the day it became available. My only irritation with the DVD is the commentary, which is quite maddening because you have some Foley putz ( and a Lighting guy) droning on and on about how they made sounds and lighting effects in post production. I'm not kidding. Robert Zemeckis' part of the commentary, I'm willing to bet, does not add up to ten minutes of conversation. Nothing of great importance as to character and plot is discussed, you just have to listen to that Foley ... go on and on about the importance of sound. I was so pissed that I actually yelled out to the recording, begging the sound schmuck to shut up. Disc two has a lot of good extras, so you still get your money's worth, but the commentary is the lamest I have ever heard; I can't imagine listening to one as bad as it on another DVD anytime in the future.
B000001Y42|4.0|Back when they were nothing wwas actually the time they were the most. No huge record contracts, no multi millions, and no name for themselves. These were the days that are gone that LB was at its truest form.<br />Throughout the whole album you are met by great riffs, explosions od energy, and catchy lyrics. Get this the lyrics actualy had (gasp!) meaning. Something modern day LB has zero of. When you pop in the plastic your first song is Pollution. This is setting the pace for what you wil be met with. Energy mixed with emotions with the band functioning as one. Guitars are super overdriven throughout the whole thing, though Wes can be extremely melodic and is a greta guitar player. Fred rap rocks but in a grittier way that is tolerable unlike his pop rap voice now. This cd is a true rock experience for the ages.<br />My only problems are that things get a little too extreme at times. I know i listen to Slipknot in tall of thier insane glory. But they seem to drive thier amps to the limit and kinda lose control. Not a controlled insanity like Slipknot but an absolute rage. Another gripe is that some guitar parts sound alike. No big deal though but can get a little annoying after repeated listening.<br />Get this cd all you new LB fans and find out what real rock is.
0061020710|5.0|This is a great starting book for a great series. If you think I'm joking try to find this book at a used book store. You won't find it. It is so good people reread it. Thst's a good book.
B0000203YT|5.0|This is the kind of movie the Academy loves and through its love, rewards.<br />The script by Stoppard and Norman is erudite and cunning, passionate and playful, filled with witticisms by and about the Bard; and the parallels to Shakespeare and his work, especially the play within a play, Romeo and Juliet, and the play to come, Twelfth Night, are marvelous and a bit miraculous.  The romantic direction by Madden conjures up an Elizabethan England and its London theatre with enough lusty color to delight the poet himself.  The acting is wonderful with Gwyneth Paltrow conquering a very demanding and delightful four-part role as Viola/Tom Kent, and on the stage as first Romeo and then as Juliet!  Joseph Fiennes as the young Shakespeare writing his Romeo and Juliet on the fly, fired with the energy from his adulterous love for the lovely Viola, is better than advertised.<br />Of course what would a Shakespearean play or a great Hollywood movie be without its bit players and supporting roles?  Judi Dench as the queen in her Academy Award winning performance gives the impression of somebody doing something marvelously well but with such ease as to look unemployed.  (I stole that line from somewhere.)<br />From the gutter snipe with his rodents to the queen's bad teeth, from Colin Firth's delightfully villainous Lord Wessex to Geoffrey Rush's wise, but bumbling stage manager, from the tavern trollops to the gentry at the ball (in which the sonnet within a play from Romeo and Juliet is once again given life by Fiennes and Paltrow) everything is expertly presented.  You don't have to be a Shakespearean buff to appreciate this resplendent romantic comedy, but if you are, your experience will be enhanced.<br />This is Hollywood at its best.  For all the clunkers and the mass-mindless indulgences that are the usual fare-tinsel town, you are forgiven!
B000002I2G|5.0|The Soft Parade is probably one of the hardest albums to rate because of the depth of experimentation that takes place. Doors fans accustomed to \\"The End,\\" \\"Light My Fire\\" or \\"Break on Through\\" are in for a change here. The music is, in my opinion, great. I love the free and exploratory feeling that pervades this album. To me, Jim Morrison sounds very relaxed but still able to direct his craft to groundbreaking area. The music is definitely \\"American,\\" in that it covers Blues/Jazz/Celtic-Renaissance/Rock/Psychedelic/R&B and Native American/tribal drums. \\"Wild Child\\" showcases Robby Krieger's use of the famous \\"bottle neck,\\" and it creates a very distinctive blues sound, which is amazingly soulful; especially when combined with Densmore's great drumming and Manzarek's smooth keyboard work. \\"Soft Parade\\" is an ambitious medley of music genres that is well put together because it stylistically delivers what its title suggests; that is, a soft parade of form in which a assortment of music themes \\"come together.\\" \\"Touch Me\\" is a well-known chart hit that most Doors fans either love or hate. However, for those who feel that \\"Touch Me is a sell-out, the main irony of the placement of that song on this LP is that the rest of the album is provocatively unique, and it sounds out of place here.<br />This album will not disappoint you. However, you must be willing to approach it with an open mind. My favorites are \\"Wild Child\\" (love that bottle neck sound!); \\"Wishful Sinful\\" (a smooth layback song...reminiscent of \\"Crystal Ship\\"); \\"The Soft Parade\\" (an ambitious experiment headed by a pseudo-sermon which flows into a Celtic-Renaissance intro., and concludes with Latinesque conga sound...awesome); \\"Runnin' Blue\\" (it has a Dylanish feel to it, and Robby Krieger participates in vocals, sounding a bit like Dylan, at one point); \\"Touch Me\\" (yeah, it's popish but I like it); \\"Shaman's Blues\\" (Jim ponders such things like \\"...did you stop to consider, how it will feel, cold grinding grizzly bear jaws, hot on your heels?\\"); and \\"Do It\\" (has a distinctive sixties sound). <br />The worst track of the lot is \\"Tell All The People.\\" This track is so cliche sixties that I understand perfectly why Jim didn't want credit for writing it. Apparently, Robbie wrote it, and it isn't as good as some of his other hits. In my eyes, Robbie is a good writer, but this particular song doesn't do him credit. Unfortunately, this track starts the CD and does nothing to prepare you for the other, better, tracks that will follow. Nonetheless, overall, I think these tracks represent one of their experimental best moments without going too far out on a limb and subsequently breaking the branch.
B000001FKY|5.0|I HAD THIS TAPE YEARS AGO AND WORE IT OUT FROM PLAYING IT SO MUCH. THIS CD IS STILL HOT AFTER ALL THESE YEARS! A MUST FOR ANY FAN OF HEAVY METAL. YOU WILL NOT BE DIAPPOINTED!
0440224764|4.0|Money is essentially the principal character in Grisham's new thriller, and there is a large sum of it involved. Ninety million to be exact, which has motivated Gulf Coast lawyer Patrick Lanigan to concoct a scheme to disappear with all of it in hand. It is money that drove a crooked defense contractor to try to pry loose a huge sum from Washington, and got Patrick's greedy law firm involved in the first place. And it is varying sums of money that enable Patrick to bribe his way out of a collection of indictments against him a yard long including one for first-degree murder when he is eventually found in his Brazilian hideaway and brought back to the U.S. to face the music. Even when tortured by his captors, Patrick can say he doesn't know where the money is, because only his Brazilian lover, fellow lawyer Eva Miranda, really knows and no one knows where she is. To call the plot of The Partner mechanical is at least partly a compliment; it is well oiled, intricate and works smoothly. But its cynicism is remorseless; Patrick Lanigan is hardly a hero to warm to, despite his ingenuity.  He is all calculation, and when it seems as if someone has even double-crossed him, it is still difficult to muster up any sympathy for the man. In Grisham's world money rules, and it is a sign of weakness to ignore its power.  If you're looking for emotion, look elsewhere, but if you're dying for action and suspense, The Partner certainly satisfies.  Grisham has blended so many twists and turns into this story, that you will need a neck brace for the whiplash at the end.  Maybe the best John Grisham has indeed stood up, with riveting story telling, political and social insight into the mechanisms of law, and a tale that engrosses from start to finish.
B000001EMW|5.0|Wow!! This CD is everything I wanted S&amp;M to be, but was not. As a former music student, I dreamed of doing this to Metallica's music but was never given the opportunity. Very good addition to either your classical or your metal music collection!
B00005B4GU|4.0|While some are disappointed that this album is not a return to Radiohead's guitar-rock roots, they're missing the point.  This album takes the innovation of Kid A and fuses it with stronger songs, creating an album that is emotive, well-balanced, and challenging.  While Kid A lacked virtually any and all feeling, and had its share of total duds (&quot;Kid A&quot; &quot;Treefingers&quot; etc.), Amnesiac emits a kind of snarling sarcasm, with a better blend of melodies and song structures. The opening track, &quot;Pakt Like Sardines ...&quot; is reminiscent of &quot;Idioteque&quot; (Kid A's finest moment) though a bit softer and less strident.  An excellent opening number with the memorable first line &quot;After years of waiting, nothing came&quot;.  Other highlights include &quot;Pyramid Song&quot; (a dreamy, sad dirge), &quot;I Might Be Wrong&quot; (a thumping rocker with a slight tinge of techno), &quot;Knives Out&quot; (as close to old-school Radiohead as you'll get on this album) and the show-stopper &quot;Life in a Glass House&quot;.  The concluding track on the album, &quot;Life in a Glass House&quot; fuses paranoid Radiohead lyrics with the music of drunken New Orleans jazz.  It's a strange mix, but it works well and is the perfect ending for the album.  There's a certain sense of passion in the paranoia that was sometimes lacking in Kid A.  It's pleasant to hear the angst here (though that sounds contradictory). All in all, Amnesiac is what it should be: a challenging, envelope-pushing album that doesn't lose sight of song-craft -- something that might not be able to be said for Kid A.  While some of the experiments don't always hit just right (&quot;Pulk/Pull Revolving Doors&quot; and &quot;Amnesiac/Morning Bell&quot; aren't my favorites) even the songs that miss aren't bad.  They're just not great.  A word of warning though: if you're looking for Bends-era guitar rockers, don't look here.  But if you'd like an album with music that matters, this is a greatchoice.
B000050HTO|4.0|I bought this CD for just one song:  &quot;Things Have Changed&quot; from the (less-than-wonderful) movie Wonder Boys.  After listening to the entire 2-CD album, however, I was reminded of how much I had enjoyed Dylan's music in the 60's.  Particularly welcome back into my life are \\"Shelter From the Storm\\" and \\"Like a Rollin' Stone.\\" Dylan Aficionados will complain, but the CD is just fine for the moderate fan.
0783117388|5.0|Come on now, is there anything better than four single, beautiful ladies, drinking cocktails and complaining about men?  I indulge in Sex and the City as if it were my drug.  As little girls, we all grow up planning our weddings, and hearing that we will only have worth if we find a man to take care of us.  Shows like this teach us single, successful women of the new millenium that we can do much better.  These sexy singles tell us how to be classy, independent ladies.  After watching this(and the second season is as good, if not better), I say, who needs a man?  I would much rather spend my time shopping for shoes and drinking martinis than wasting my time in a pitiful, dependent, meaningless relationship. Hallelujah ladies, our time has come.
B00004YKUY|2.0|While the music is certainly adequate, Journey without Steve Perry's soaring soulful vocals is simply not the same.  His voice in perfect synergy with Neal Schon's guitar and Jonathan Cain's keyboard cannot be duplicated!  This new Journey may have been better served if they chose a frontman with a voice in a different register that would not invite comparisons to one of the best singers in rock and roll history.  <br />We miss the original and hope that he will find joy in making music once again.
B0000057C5|4.0|These guys are absolutely fantastic.  I've never heard anyone combine one riff and a synthesizer like that before.  They're one of the most metal industrial bands there are.  I first heard of these guys when I got my MK 2 soundtrack, which contains Engel.  The best song on that CD.  Then a few years later, I got my Matrix soundtrack, and I heard Du Hast.  I immediately went out and bought this, and I was not disappointed.  These guys rock, and they have yet to leave my CD player.  I have no clue what the hell they're talking about, but they rule anyway.
B00004THAY|5.0|than not only Eric Clapton but B.B.King as well! Many of the songs are BB standards,and the addition of Eric only makes them better! What makes this album sing is the obvious BLAST these two old pro's had doing it! One of my favorite &quot;road trip&quot; picks!
B00005BL2A|3.0|If I have to read one more so-called review that has the phrase like 'these guys used to be good...until they went commercial' I am going to hang myself with an skinny tie. SHOW ME a commericial song on this album...go ahead...I'll wait...are you back? Didn't find one, did ya? Depeche Mode aint' what it used to be, that's for sure, and to be frank, they haven't released a completely solid set of tracks since Music for the Masses. The albums between Construction Time Again and MFTM were basically concept pieces - indiviudal songs held together by a common theme. With Violator the band became more song based - and I think this may have been to the good, if you like mix tapes. 'Enjoy the Silence', 'Halo', 'Condemnation', 'Home', 'In Your Room', 'Blue Dress' - all gorgeously wrought. But then there was the slogging through all of half-written songs (Waiting for the Night) and markedly bad songs (Love Theives). Its business as usual on Exciter except...Dave Gahan can actually move his voice around a bit!  On the second track, 'Shine', Gahan actually lets his soul come out of his mouth. He had done this before on 'Condemnation' but whereas that track was gut wrenching and hysterical, the performance on 'Shine' is controled and slightly nostalgic. This continues on the single 'Dream On' and the lilting 'I Am You'. There is some attempt to appeal to the circa '85 fans with the Bauhaus-like 'The Dead of Night' - Gahan's vocals there are servicible enough but the song itself is silly and poorly composed. Martin Gore, for his part, is still possessed of a cryptic streak when it comes to songwriting. This however has been tempered by a sweatly romantic bent to his recent turns as lyricist -  'You have bound my heart with subtle chains' laments Gore during particularly Nerudaesque moment on 'I Am You'. In other places, on the album's two best tracks, 'Breath' and 'Goodnight Lovers', you can tell that Gore has not let years spent listening to Leonard Cohen go to waste. <br />There is no glimmering single that I can see being released from Exciter - no 'Enjoy the Silence' or 'I Feel You' but for the most part Depeche Mode continue to innovate in their own little way. I just noticed that the album is dropping like a stone on the Billboard charts (as is, I might add, the new REM album)which is really a pity because, despite its faults, there are many pleasures to be had.
0671024256|5.0|On Writing is a page turner from start to finish, just like Stephen King's fiction!  For King fans, writers, or those who dream about becoming an author, this book describes King's life and his evolution as a writer in great detail.  It provides you with a window into the life of a born writer.  You can't help but evaluate your own potential as an author in comparison.<br />A must read for anyone who loves to read!
B000050FEN|5.0|Rarely does a movie combine a revolutionary director ( Fincher ) with an ingenious script ( Walker ) and a cast including two academy award winners ( Spacey and Freeman ) and a nominated one ( Pitt for Best Supporting Actor in 12 Monkeys).   The combined result is a modern classic.
B00003CXRP|5.0|a great movie, especially in the dvd format.  DVD brings the spectacular tropical island to life and the sound is magnificent.  The movie itself is great, and Tom Hanks does an amazing job as the only actor for a long period in the movie.
B00000K501|5.0|Now I do not want to go off a rant but I consider myself to be the biggest Rammstein fan in the world. I might be the only one who thinks this, but if you are like me and think you are a big fan you need this tape, even though the DVD is better you still get a good show if you buy this. That's all I got to say about one the best bands in the world RAMMS+EIN.
B000059HAI|5.0|1970's \\"Tora! Tora! Tora!\\" should have done much better at the box-office on its release. If remembered at all it is noted for its realistic special visual effects of the Pearl Harbor attack. Long forgotten are the performances of the principal actors and the well-constructed screenplay and editing. This is truly a shame because it is one of the most historically accurate film depictions of any World War II event. Accuracy can always be debated considering film length, budget and scripting. On a relative basis to the hundreds of war films produced this is one of the more accurate. The film is really an in-depth analysis of events leading up to and culminating in the unprovoked actual Japanese attack. These events are shown from both sides with Richard Fleischer directing the American sequences and Toshio Masuda and Kinji Fukasaku directing the Japanese. What is amazing is just how well these events create true suspense and tension throughout. This is achieved through skillful editing from James E. Newcom, Pembroke J. Herring and Inoue Chikaya from the well-written and researched screenplay by Larry Forrester, Hideo Oguni and Ryuzo Kikushima. The Special Effects are undeniably the best ever produced for a War film made during the 20th century. They combine both close-ups and panoramic views, which give the real scope of the devastation. On the acting front James Whitmore as Admiral Halsey impressed me the most. He seemed like the one high ranking American officer with a good head on his shoulders, decisive and no procrastinator. Also good were Neville Brand as Lt. Kaminsky (up to his neck in bureaucratic procrastination) and George Macready as Cordell Hull. Macready showed restrained outrage and disgust at the document handed him by Japanese Ambassador Nomura (Shogo Shimada). I thought that all the actors portraying Japanese Naval officers were excellent. Once again composer Jerry Goldsmith demonstrates his brilliance as a composer as he calls upon both American and Oriental motifs to tell this drama from both perspectives. Goldsmith brilliantly captures the underlying mood of the Japanese Naval leaders on one side and the perplexed and frustrated United States Naval and Army Intelligence officers on the other. This film brilliantly depicts the greatest act of modern era cowardice perpetuated from one nation upon another in peacetime. For a country that prided itself on the concept of `honor' this film demonstrates just how dishonorable and cowardly a nation can become under the imperial ambitions of its leaders. As the film reiterates at its conclusion, one man from that country realized that they had awakened a sleeping dragon. This is truly great filmmaking. It also starred Martin Balsam, Jason Robards, Joseph Cotton, Tatsuya Mihashi, Soh Yamamura, E.G. Marshall, Takahiro Tamura, Eijiro Tono, Leon Ames, Richard Anderson, Edward Andrews and G.D. Spradlin. I thought this DVD sounded best in the Dolby Digital 2.0 Surround.Oriental motifs to tell this drama from both perspectives. Goldsmith brilliantly captures the underlying mood of the Japanese Naval leaders on one side and the perplexed and frustrated United States Naval and Army Intelligence officers on the other. This film brilliantly depicts the greatest act of modern era cowardice perpetuated from one nation upon another in peacetime. For a country that prided itself on the concept of `honor' this film demonstrates just how dishonorable and cowardly a nation can become under the imperial ambitions of its leaders. As the film reiterates at its conclusion, one man from that country realized that they had awakened a sleeping dragon. This is truly great filmmaking. It also starred Martin Balsam, Jason Robards, Joseph Cotton, Tatsuya Mihashi, Soh Yamamura, E.G. Marshall, Takahiro Tamura, Eijiro Tono, Leon Ames, Richard Anderson, Edward Andrews and G.D. Spradlin. I thought this DVD sounded best in the Dolby Digital 2.0 Surround.
B00000J6AG|2.0|I do not understand why Moby's music is always placed in the &quot;techno&quot; section. For those of you looking for some high energy, up-beat electronic music, this is not the CD to buy. Upon first listening to Play, I was shocked. The whole CD is incredibly bland. Most of the music has very little keyboards in it at all. Play belongs more in the R&amp;B or even Easy Listening category than anywhere else. In addition to the mellow music, the samples thrown in everywhere are repetitive and annoying at times. If you are in the mood for something slower and different though...you may want to give Play a listen.  There are a few tracks that are OK if you like Ambient/Contemporary music, but it's still not enough to warrant a purchase in my opinion.
B000002N2P|4.0|Mainstream punk...something most people have to deal with today. But you have to give some bands credit for keeping real while going mainstream at the same time. One of those bands is Greenday, and one of my favorite albums by them is this masterpiece, Insomniac. Greenday plows over their previously released Dookie with faster guitar/bass playing, more creativity, and more sickly humorous lyrics. One of the other things that I like about this album is that it doesn't mix in ska with it's punk (not that i don't like ska, but sometimes I just wanna hear a straight forward punk album.) Keep bringing it, Greenday..I'm still listening.
B000056IKS|5.0|I'll echo the comments of a previous reviewer: if you like Bowie's Low/Heroes period, you cannot do without this (and the other two)! Also, for fans of Stereolab, you will be highly surprised by the similarities between Neu!'s hypnotic grooves and Stereolab's. Also, fans of Wire, PiL and the Sex Pistols (and late '70s punk in general) will find a virtual blueprint for that movement's minimalism. An extremely important &quot;lost&quot; band, providing the link between early '70s underground/prog/kraut rock &amp; the later '70s &amp; early '80s punk/postpunk/new wave. Not pop music! Hypnotic, yet high-energy... a clash of pastoral soliloquy and all-out noise (see early Sonic Youth). Once you buy one of the albums, you'll want them all... You won't believe it was recorded in the early '70s!!!
B000002L3P|4.0|There is no other word for KWS than AWESOME!  I recently(June 8,2001) had the pleasure of seeing him and Double Trouble live @ the 2001 20th Riverbend Festival in  Chattanooga, Tennessee.  What a great show!  I was in awe watching him play.  Amazing talent! And I really like Noah Hunt as their lead vocal.  Cory Sterling was good on this CD, but Noah live is incredible!
B00005BJ2O|1.0|When you buy a CD from a musical you would expect the songs on that sound track to be similar to the ones in the movie. This is not the case of this soundtrack. First, some of the songs that were in the movie were abruptly cut and put back together. (For example sparkling Diamonds). Also many of the songs were not the versions heard in the movie. The notes that were sung in the first and last song of the movie are not even close to the notes that are being sung on the soundtrack.  This is true for many of the songs on this soundtrack. There are also songs from the movie that are not on the soundtrack. If you are looking for the actual songs that you heard when seeing this movie I would not recomend this CD for you, because that is not what you are getting.
B000006TRV|4.0|I have to say this... somebody wrote a review saying that this is based on the movie THE WALL... nope. This is the first telling of this story... and then the stage act... and then the movie. And I will say that I was very disapointed in the movie. The album telling of the story is way better than the movie. The movie doesn't give it justice. If I have a suggestion I would say never to watch the movie. It spoils the album. Except for maybe the animation... that stuff is cool.
B00005B4GU|5.0|It really isn't much of a surprise to see reviews bashing this album and reviewers bashing other reviewers... but it is a tiresome cliche to write off positive reviews in this manner.<br />Yes, this album is NOTHING like The Bends. YES, if Radiohead had brought this to a record company as their first offering they might never have gotten a contract. But is that a bad thing? I for one am glad that a relatively commercially succesful band has taken ADVANTAGE of their clout to GET a record company to push something different like this. I certainly prefer it over a band that produces carbon copy albums time and time again.<br />This album is certainly not going to be for everyone. It is different. One of the reasons why I like Radiohead is because THEY have helped me to evolve my musical tastes. They have suggested new ideas and new music to me and I'm glad for it. And for me I have enjoyed the direction they have taken and think this album is just superb. If you didn't like Kid A, I don't recommend it; if you want more of a rock album like The Bends, you might be disappointed with it. But if you loved OK Computer and Kid A and are interested in pushing that direction a little bit more, then this album will be very satisfying. Hooray for Radiohead... a band willing to try something different, a band willing to lose a few fans in order to challenge a few fans.
6305358613|5.0|This is a very special movie, one of the great period movies of all time. Searing performences by Blanchet and Fienes help the movies more dramatic parts move along at a brisk pace. The queens personel body guard steals the show though.
B000005RG5|5.0|Make sure to spend the extra dollar or two for this version of the CD with the extra tunes!<br />The US version has &quot;Love Hurts&quot; but is missing &quot;Guilty&quot; while the Canadian version has &quot;Guilty&quot; but lacks &quot;Love Hurts&quot; <br />This release has both tunes plus the radio edit of &quot;Hair of the Dog&quot; and most importantly two rare B-sides &quot;Down&quot; and &quot;Railroad Boy&quot; <br />&quot;Down&quot; sounds like it was thrown together a little too quickly, but &quot;Railroad Boy&quot; is great! Enjoy!
6304806426|5.0|This movie ranks with the best movies of all time. It is truly epic.
B000002GBD|5.0|We all know that this is a classic CD, with the American Version boasting &quot;Love Hurts&quot; while the CD in Canada &amp; Europe had &quot;Guilty&quot;. Also at that time were several raw rockers as B sides to the hits with &quot;Railroad Boy&quot; in particular being a lost gem!!<br />So-- search out the release that has &quot;Love Hurts&quot; &quot;Gulity&quot; the two B-sides and the radio edit version of &quot;Hair of the Dog&quot; it is only a few dollars more but the extra songs are well worth it for any Nazareth fan!!
0784011176|5.0|The beauty of this movie is unparalleled. It is the second best movie of 1993 (Schindler's list is the best).
B0000048X8|4.0|I think most of us have experienced this kind of feeling: running into old friends whom you haven't heard for years from, sensing that your values and points of view have changed a lot in time (some of what they say or do might even shock you) and yet feeling good in their presence...I think this movie is simply about this main idea: it's not an ode to the hippies, yuppies, the sixties, getting stoned or whatever.
B000002LOE|4.0|Ten years after, what can be said about Out of Time?<br />That it was the album that cemented R.E.M.'s superstar status, after previous flirtations by way of songs like &quot;It's the End of the World as We Know It,&quot; &quot;The One I Love,&quot; &quot;Superman,&quot; and &quot;Stand?&quot; Yes, of course. This album was R.E.M.'s first #1 seller, a status it would deserve in any environment, let alone the stale, uninspired time of its release. That it stands as a unique sound, not only within R.E.M.'s increasingly eclectic catalog, but also within the annals of rock and roll in the closing years of the century? Undoubtedly. But to hail it as a masterpiece, one of R.E.M.'s and &quot;alternative&quot; rock's greatest achievements? Unfortunately, no.<br />Out of Time didn't change the world, at least not like Murmur did back in the early 80s. And certainly not like Nirvana's Nevermind, six months later, would.<br />This record contains several stunning moments, many great and wonderful ones, and a few outright stinkers. For the first time, we are able to understand virtually every word that comes out of Michael Stipe's mouth, and the musicianship and production are far more crisp than on any of the band's previous efforts (NOTE: I'm not saying that these facts make Out of Time a better album, just one that sounds a little different). R.E.M. wouldn't be the same after this album, but I'm not sure that's a particularly astute observation, as this was merely the first of a string of albums in which they reinvented themselves at every turn.<br />So, first the stunning moments. &quot;Losing My Religion&quot; is the album's second track, and its best by far. Along with its accompanying video, which is based loosely on the Garcia Marquez short story &quot;An Very Old Man With Enormous Wings,&quot; this track is largely responsible for Out of Time's success. Deservedly so. It's one of R.E.M.'s greatest efforts to date. &quot;Low&quot; is another winner, and &quot;Belong&quot;, with its amusingly abstract spoken-work vocals. I'm pretty partial to &quot;Half a World Away&quot; and &quot;Country Feedback,&quot; which offer glimpses of the paths that R.E.M. would take on it's next two albums: &quot;Half a World Away&quot; is a beautiful, mandolin-driven tune that would fit in nicely on Automatic for the People, while &quot;Country Feedback,&quot; awash in (you guessed it) grungy guitar feedback, would be right at home somewhere on Monster.<br />On the flip side, &quot;Shiny Happy People,&quot; an embarrassingly trite, shockingly unsarcastic song, is one of the worst pieces of pop schlock I've ever heard. And while I like her work with the B-52s, Kate Pierson's other contribution, &quot;Me in Honey,&quot; isn't much better.<br />The other tracks are alright -- &quot;Radio Song&quot; and &quot;Texarkana,&quot; in particular, are interesting if unspectacular.<br />Ultimately, I would recommend this album without hesitation. Of course, I would recommend anything by R.E.M., even the (relatively) undistinguished Up and New Adventures in Hi-Fi. But R.E.M. definitely made better records, both before and after this one.
B000002KN8|3.0|This is really Vince Clarke's record.  Not that I don't respect his songwriting.  I love a lot of the stuff he's done with Erasure, but if he would have stayed in DM, I don't think they would be around today or they wouldn't be as popular as they are.  Vince Clarke's niche is writing cutesy, pop ditties.  You've got to give the man credit.  He wrote &quot;Just Can't Get Enough&quot;, for crying out loud.  That's song is still played in clubs twenty years later.  So, he must have done something right!  This record is good if you want to experience the naive, innocent side of DM with songs like the aforementioned JCGE, &quot;Boys Say Go&quot;, and &quot;What's Your Name?&quot;  If you're a DM fan, you'll have a good time with this record.
630339406X|4.0|This is the Tom Hanks you've probably forgotten.  You now know him as the serious, dramatic, critical darling of reviewers and the Academy Awards.  This is the Tom Hanks who first got notice from the Oscars back in the late 80s, and he is no less spectacular than the Hanks of Saving Private Ryan, Philadelphia, Apollo 13, or Castaway.<br />Young Josh, who actually is young in the beginning of the film, longs for the day when he will be an adult--&quot;big.&quot;  In an odd tempting of fate, his wish is granted, and he wakes up as Hanks.  Hanks, still holding the mind and emotions of the young teen Josh, must now make it in the world as an adult, despite the fact he is anything but.<br />For his acting challenge, the adult becomes a child, and experiences all the awkwardness of that child becoming the adult he in fact already is.  Of course, his boyish good looks make the visible factor already easy for the audience to believe, but it is the mindset of wonderment, innocence, matter-of-factness, and uneasiness which brings the &quot;young&quot; Josh to life.  <br />Some of the most memorable moments of film from this time period come from Big.  The FAO Schwartz scenes involving an oversized keyboard, and the eating of baby corn ears immediately come to mind.  Directed by Penny Marshall, Tom Hanks easily convinced us of an impossible scenario, and pulled on our heartstrings while doing it. The most telling scene of his complete ability to achieve 'youth' is when he finds himself completely alone in a seedy motel, frightened out of his mind, crying himself to sleep to drown out the noise of the scary city outside the thin door.  Amazing!<br />This is a sweet charmer of a film, and this performance is right up there with the best of his catalogue, as well as Marshall's.  Make this a part of your permanent collection.
B000002KN8|3.0|This is really Vince Clarke's record.  Not that I don't respect his songwriting.  I love a lot of the stuff he's done with Erasure, but if he would have stayed in DM, I don't think they would be around today or they wouldn't be as popular as they are.  Vince Clarke's niche is writing cutesy, pop ditties.  You've got to give the man credit.  He wrote &quot;Just Can't Get Enough&quot;, for crying out loud.  That's song is still played in clubs twenty years later.  So, he must have done something right!  This record is good if you want to experience the naive, innocent side of DM with songs like the aforementioned JCGE, &quot;Boys Say Go&quot;, and &quot;What's Your Name?&quot;  If you're a DM fan, you'll have a good time with this record.
6304994540|5.0|With &quot;The Stranger&quot; Sam Elliot narrating us along, we come to meet our 'hero', The Dude (Jeff Bridges) in one of his best performances of his career.  A trio of bowling pals (Bridges, John Goodman, and Steve Buscemi) are all in for a fun and wild ride which involve a mitricated-upon rug, a provocatively young trophy wife, a gang of nihilists who tote a ferret, an erotic artist who wants to conceive a child, interwoven references of Vietnam, a missing toe with green nail polish, a New Age dance recital, and President George Bush's speech of &quot;not standing&quot; aggression.  If this sounds almost as wacked-out as the Coens' prior works of Fargo, Barton Fink, and The Hudsucker Proxy, you're right.<br />This film gets even wackier than most of their oeuvre.  The Coens' place hilarious dream sequences which look straight out of Old Hollywood glam musical productions, but instead of Fred Astaire, we have The Dude.  As one of the great anti-heroes of recent film, The Dude shows us any man, including a grossly lazy, amazingly sloppy one, can be admirable. <br />Once again, the Coen brothers take the simple scenario (this time, a story of mistaken identity), and weave it into a comic work of &quot;what now?&quot;.  Never have such one-demensional characters been given so much to do, and this film will leave you in stitches.  <br />Unduly ignored at the box office (it was released during the first quarter of the calender year--traditionally known as a time when the movie going public tends to stay home), this film has become well respected as a rental and purchase.  Take a chance on this comedy and you won't be sorry.
B00004XONN|5.0|This is the first and only Radiohead CD I have heard, and it restores my faith in the future of music (somewhat).<br />Having lived through the most amazing period of growth in rock music (through the prog rock 70's through the terrific New Wave and Punk movements of the early 80's), I have been stunned at how music seemed to be falling into a record company induced rut.<br />Kid A tears that notion apart.  This CD contains the type of music that serious musicians can admire.  The songs feel like they could have been so much experimental gobbledy-....  Instead, even at their weirdest, you can hear and feel the structure.<br />From the very first song, I was pulled into the Kid A world.  The ethereal style grabbed something deep inside me and forced me to keep listening, not as background music (like I do with most stuff on the radio), but active listening, taking in the different layers both collectively and individually.<br />Time for me to check out their other stuff.
B00003CWTH|3.0|The film's epigraph--&quot;You may think you're through with the past, but the past ain't through with you&quot;--lets you know everyone in the film will be dealing with all their ghosts, skeletons, and inner demons, and it all happens on one cataclysmic day in southern California.<br />In a large ensemble cast in a multi-layered, multi-plotted story very remniscent to the works of director Robert Altman and P.T. Anderson's own previous work, the message is best summated by the introductory film Anderson uses to begin the story.  <br />Before the characters of Magnolia come into play, he begins with another complex, convoluted mini-film, which sets up the premise of all of us being connected and no man being an island unto himself.  Anderson tells us it is not mere coincidence, chance, karma, speculation, whatever.  It is a real connection which exists between all of us, and how one thing happening to one person will affect and effect a mysterious chain of events and people. Like the petals of the magnolia flower, we dive into the film and begin to unfold the mysteries of how the very different characters of a bumbling but good-willed cop, a volatile drug addict, an ailing game show host, a washed up former child genius, a pressured quiz show champ, a motivational speaker with much to hide, a determined home healthcare nurse, an incoherent dying man, a nervousy trophy wife, and a downpour of apocalyptic rain of frogs are all connected in the span of 24 hours.<br />Aimee Mann, best remembered as the lead singer of 1980s pop group 'Til Tuesday, provides several original songs as well as covers others for the film; she is the voice which haunts the viewer continually during this three hour epic.  Her Oscar nominated song, &quot;Save Me&quot;, says it all in the title.  These people need saving--from themselves, from each other, and most certainly, from the past wrongs they've committed against each other.  The Past is a very strong &quot;character&quot; in this film, and is everpresent in the present day these people are trying to get through.<br />This film will leave you exhausted and emotionally drained, yet it would be fair to say that may have been Anderson's goal.  If we are forced to come to realize how what we do can continue to affect others we know and others we don't, maybe we'd all be much more careful in how we live.  As far as the length of the film, there is no way it could have been any shorter.  A film of this complexity demands your time and undivided attention.  Disconnect the phone and don't answer the door.  Magnolia is worth the time.
B00004KD1A|5.0|This is just a fantastic cd,from a great guitar player.This was done in probable his most creative time,with live stuff done from photo finish and others.Rory was always a cut above other guitar players.If you want to here him at his best get all his live cd`s.This cd is a must have for any fan of great guitar work,
B00005ATQI|4.0|When I think of pure terror, I think of movies like The Exorcist and Jaws.  The Shining is not what comes to mind.  I have no idea what is so scary about this film.  The ghosts don't induce any nightmares for me and a guy running around with an axe just isn't terrifying to me.  Maybe it was the mood I was in when I watched it.  I don't know.  But, The Shining was a pretty darn good movie.  With an all-star cast and a legendary director, it makes for a great film.  Any Stanley Kubrick film you watch has the same feeling to it.  He leaves is own little mark on a movie in so many different ways.  Jack Nicholson also leaves his mark on a movie he is in.  From classic ad-libbing to just purely wonderful acting, he can turn a semi good movie into a great movie.  I didn't give it 5 Stars because it did move a little slow at times.  And some of the explanations I needed to understand the movie better just weren't given to me.  But, Overall The Shining was a highly effective movie that will be remembered by me for a long, long time.  4 Stars
B00000JG4N|5.0|This is what rock n roll was all about in the late 80`s.Sex,drugs,n rock n roll.This would be the last good cd from the crue for quite some time.They tryed putting out the terrible generation swine,which was a mistake,but there newest cd new tattoo is back to the rockin style of the 80`s.If you don`t have this,your lucky in a way because they just remastered all the good crue cd`s so you can get it now with better sound quality.This is a must buy for any crue fan,and check out there new book to.
6302787564|2.0|What was the point of Falling Down?  If you can answer that question, you win the jackpot.  OK, so Michael Douglas's character had a meltdown and is supposedly sticking up for the rights of the consumer.  To think someone could go through L.A shooting up fast food restaurants and scaring away gang members twice your size with a bat just doesn't make any sense.  I don't care if it is Hollywood.  You still have to make logical sense.  There were way to many coincidences.  Things just did not add up at certain parts in the movie.  The acting was good, but of course, what do you expect from Michael Douglas and Robert Duvall?  I thought the background music was terrific though.  It contributed to the movie in appropriate ways, and I think it is what kept this movie from sticking to the fan.  Overall, Falling Down is a huge disappointment that has really no point to it.  2 Stars
B000001Y79|5.0|This CD is so cool. I could go on and on with like 1 billion reasons y u should buy this album.....but i'm not gonna. I am a magical genie if u didn't already know and of coures from being that, i never lie. Also if u say this review was helpful 2 u good luck will come your way and if u buy this album even more good luck! thats a graet deal. Y not say that its helpful now!
B000002H5I|5.0|While this is not her only album that i own i do think it's her greatest. This is an album you can listen to and cry and think about life and society. I even got my teenage sister and my cousins who were not even teens at the time listening to it. My favourite songs are Fast Car, For you, mountain o things, For my lover and Behind the wall. WHat is so great about her lyrics is the subtle changes in the songs. IN fast car the song goes from we've got to make a decision to you've got to make a decision. That simple change relates the meaning of the song so beautifully.  This is definitely a must have album. If for nothing more than delving into your inner thoughts.
0553106635|5.0|A Song of Ice and Fire just blew me away. There are so many plot twists and suprises that you can't even guess what is going to happen in the next chapter much less the next book. The best thing about this series is that the good guys don't always win. I HIGHLY recommend this to any body who is a sucker for a good book as I am.
B00003CXN4|5.0|In a single sentence, Traffic is one of the most intelligent, intruiging, and invloving movies I have seen in a long time.  The performances are excellent by both the new and established actors.  Benicio Del Toro gives one of the most honest performances I have ever seen as a mexican police officer teetering between the corruption around him and his love for his country.  Michael Douglas in amazingly human in his portrayal of the country's new drug czar, and Catherine Zeta Jones makes us sympathize with the wife of an imprisioned drug dealer.<br />Director Steven Soderbergh weaves a brilliant tapestry with the stories of these four characters.  Traffic is more like four seperate movies that move together, as well as in and out of each other, yet you never lose track of what is happening in each story.  The handheld-style filming brings you into the movie and it's almost as if you are standing there with the characters filming their actions.  <br />The movie is neither depressing nor uplifting, and does not seem to want to convey any opinion the writer or director has about drugs.  Instead it seems to simply present views the different characters have, pockets of hope in a sea of hoplesness that is the drug war today.<br />DVD notes:  The production notes are interesting and the Behind-The-Scenes featurette gives a good picture of the filmakers.  Overall extras: 3.5/5
078401213X|5.0|Every few years, a new movie is made that creates a new genre. This movie is certainly one of those. The story is quite unusual and I doubt that any movie presented a &quot;mathematical thriller&quot; before. The choice of black and white made the movie even more special. The director succeeded in creating a &quot;mood&quot; of paranoia, fear, confusion and loneliness. This movie proves that a good movie is not necessarily an expensive movie to make. This movie is a must see for all cinema lovers.
B000001FCB|5.0|As other reviewers have judged, the first cut, &quot;guas de Maro&quot; (Waters of March) as performed by Jobim and Regina must rank with such rare musical moments as the final trio of Der Rosenkavalier as a surpassingly engaging vocal ensemble.  The adroit but spontaneous inflection is absolutely right on--as close to perfection as we mortals may hope to get!  This is going to be a great classic.
B00000IGGA|5.0|Oh, God... Tom Waits beats us into submission yet again with &quot;Mule Variations,&quot; his latest album, and we thank him for his tender attentions.  Tom has held a special place in my cruel heart ever since I heard his version of &quot;Heigh Ho&quot; on Hal Wilner's &quot;Stay Awake!&quot;  With &quot;Mule Variations,&quot; Tom returns in full &quot;Bone Machine&quot; form after years in the wilderness of various other media.   <br />  From the tender dirge &quot;Hold On&quot; and the fractured rant of &quot;Big In Japan&quot; to the ironic(!) commentary of the spoken &quot;What's He Building?&quot; and &quot;Chocolate Jesus,&quot; it's apparent that Tom still feels impelled to relate to the rest of us by crying out with the grief-stricken wryness of a midieval minstrel reincarnated as a crippled hyena.  And we love every weird second of it, don't we?  <br /> Take one look at the cover and I think you'll understand why I think of Tom Waits as a gin-mad carnival-barker who got booted while in the middle of an anthropology-major a thousand years ago after drinking one too many magic Kool-Aids and soon after got driven half-insane by forty days and nights in some plague-stricken wasteland outside Las Vegas before finally stumbling into a recording studio.  Better him than me, I guess.   <br />  Thank you, Tom for this harrowing journey into the heart of alienation and foul redemption.  Don't be such a stranger, okay?
0792101448|5.0|I have to say this is probably my favorite western of all time! My husband and I have been fervently searching for the DVD in this, so we can purchase it.  We have watched this movie many, many times and consider it one of the classics!  Fonda was deliciously villanous, which made him extremely sexy and gave him another depth of character.  You can't hardly beat the wonderful cast of BRONSON, FONDA, ROBARDS &amp; CARDINALE! This movie was well cast, well produced, well directed and in my opinion, should have won several awards and definitely needs to be released on DVD asap!!!  Please somebody out there get this classic on DVD soon!
B00005BJ2O|5.0|OMG!!!  This is a kick butt movie and soundtrack!  I recommend that you see the movie before buying the soundtrack...it just puts more meaning behind the songs.  Personally, all of the songs are totally awesome, but my favorites were &quot;Your Song&quot;, &quot;Come What May&quot;, and &quot;One Day I'll FLy Away&quot;.  You will literally be addicted to those songs...at least I am!  I like cry when I hear your song...its just so beautiful!  Newayz...see the movie once, twice, ten times or so, and DEFINITELY buy this soundtrack!!!!!!
B00004Y635|4.0|I'm not a person that loves teen slasher flicks. I'm just about 16 years old, but none of them ever scare me, and I just get annoyed by the stupid plot and terrible dialogue. When I first saw Scream, the original, I found it to be okay, (3.5 stars out of 5), and then saw Scream 2 before deciding that, yes, all teen slasher movies are the same. I gave that movie 2 stars on amazon.com, but decided that seeing Scream 3 was a must, just to finish the trilogy. <br />I watched this movie last night and was shocked. The plot was smart and had lots of twists. The acting was pretty good, and the script wasn't half bad. Is it true? Could a cheap horror movie actually be enjoyed by me? Apparently. Of all the Scream films, this one definitely had the most impressive plot. I'm so glad that this film didn't continue to go downhill as it had after the original...but I don't know what could possibly be worse than Scream 2.<br />Overall, I suggest that you watch this movie. If you're a fan of slasher movies, this is a must. If you're more into the Silence of the Lambs-type movies, you might just be surprised with this one. It's nowhere near as good as SOTL, but it's definitely worth a watch...I might just buy this movie.
B00005BL2A|4.0|It's a good album all in all.  I really love Depeche Mode, part of it is nostalgia but also because they have endured and remained good and fresh.  I find a lot of Depeche Mode albums uneven, and would include this one with the bunch.  When they are good, they are great, ie., Free Love, Dream On, Track 4 etc.. Some of the songs are a bit poseresque and I really dislike there attempt at NIN on track 5.  I find them annoying when they do that. At least they attempt newer harder sounds, but I like them best when they are just being themselves.
B0000009TT|5.0|This album has it all!  Rock satires, amazing guitar solos, funny and very obscene pop pieces, modern classical works.  While some of the '70s humor seems dated (with the exception of &quot;Honey, Don't you want a man like me?&quot; which is still hilarious), the instrumental pieces pass the test of time.  &quot;Filthy Habits&quot; is probably the best feedback guitar piece ever recorded, and &quot;Leather Goods&quot; is a just plain awesome virtuoso guitar.<br />My favorite piece on the album is probably &quot;The Adventures of Greggary Peccary,&quot; the bizarre 20 minute sequel to &quot;Billy the Mountain.&quot;  &quot;Greggary&quot; is a farrago of rock parodies, jazz and modern classical styles.  It's like Charles Ives on acid. Intermixed with the odd music is a charmingly absurd narrative about a white-collar pig and his surreal adventures among the world of trendy goods and flaky philosophers.  Not to be missed.
B00005B4GU|5.0|...and it sounds good!!! Have you noticed that on the first three RH discs the lyrics are included- yet on these past two, they're left out?  Well, that may be because Thom's gone insane and half the lyrics are unintelligible...too much trouble writing them up....who knows...But one thing that, I believe, hasn't been mentioned in all these reviews is the fact that Radiohead were given no deadline to produce a follow up record to OK Computer because of its success. This nearly caused the band to break up, supposedly. The songs that eventually made it onto both Kid A and Amnesiac were recorded over a year and a half (there are a handfull of other songs they wrote during this time that they play live that didn't find their way onto these two).  In short, if you liked Kid A, then chances are you'll like Amnesiac.  It has some jazzy touches, some orchestration, some songs that recall Optimistic, or 'straight' Radiohead classics (which those who seem to not have been able to continue to appreciate RH yearn for).(Pulk/Pull, though, is, imho, substandard work for RH- though the rest are well worth 5 stars.) Listening to these two cds, one has the feeling that Radiohead are doing *precisely* what they want to be doing. These latest cds are every bit as intense as their earlier works, only they are more introspective, less 'tactile,' and perhaps, even more sophisticated. Maybe that's what results from a record company saying, &quot;Jezz, you're latest work (OK Computer) was incredible! Why don't you now take your time, and come up with something truly special?&quot;
0800179501|5.0|Despite being one of the greatest films of all time this film has one or two flaws. Firstly, this should be shown in widescreen. I was gutted when I bought it and found that it was a pan scan affair. Secondly, Dutch should have won the tournament. Daniel Larusso should just have been one of Dutch's victims on the way to the title. Then in the semi Dutch could have put Bobby 'out of commission'. Kreese wouldn't have even have had to ask Dutch to 'sweep the leg'. The final should have been between Darryl Vidal and Dutch, with Vidal losing his bottle after Dutch gave him a bit of the old 'mad eyes' treatment.  As for Larusso, well I think getting to the Quarter Finals before being bashed senseless by Dutch would have made for a respectable and believable effort.  These small gripes aside its my all time favourite Chad McQueen film.
B00005B4GU|1.0|Don't tear me down.....take the knives out of my back...i guess the radiohead lemmings will fall over for this one again...i might be wrong...but i don't think so..<br />at least Amnesiac has some redeeming qualities...pyramid song is a haunting piece, and on 'knives out' it is refreshing to know that they can still make decent music as well as artistic statements...just not enough of it though......trying to enjoy radiohead circa 2000/01 is like taking a bad medicine; you don't really enjoy it but stick with it because you think it's going to get better.....this time, i've had enough of feeling sick..<br />a lie told often enough becomes truth
B00004YKUY|4.0|I slunk into HMV feeling that I was betraying my past. The &quot;Arrival&quot; CD was not on sale. I felt it was a bad omen. I sighed, and put down cash, feeling I had something to hide. I didn't want any &quot;records&quot; of what I was doing. I waited until I was out of the way of people and places. I told myself &quot; You can-do this.&quot; I put the CD into my player and waited for what I figured would be the ultimate slap in Steve Perry's face. It didn't come. Instead, what came forth was a new sound, revamped (Geritol or gregorious, you decide) and complete, surging forth from the speakers of Spike II (my car). Not bad, I mused, (but not as good as &quot;Steve&quot;, whose huge,rich voice seemed to fill the largest of caverns,) musically sound, tight stuff. Jonathan Cain and Neal Schon sounded like they were kids at play. (I hated to like it) It was good, but it wasn't &quot;Journey&quot;. It was a good, solid, musically appealing sound (which is getting NO airplay in the greater Northeastern area) and there were a few catchy tunes on it (Alive Again, Signs of Life, Lifetime of Dreams), and although I think it was a big mistake to let Jack Blades write anything other than his own name,it was a good listen. But it was a different Journey than the one I'm used to. Not bad, just different. Missing something, like the physical reaction to Steve Perry's voice. Spinally Challenging, Steve Augieri's voice was about as impressionable as Ben Stein's.  It wasn't a bad Journey, but no matter how it was, it just wasn't and isn't the same. I wished they had called it something else. Tin foil can also be known as aluminium foil. The same thing but called something else. They should have called it &quot; Prosthetics in Mid-Life Crisis.&quot; &quot;Trial by Fire&quot; is not as a good an album as &quot;Arrival&quot; and I hate to admit that. But at least it had Steve Perry. The new &quot;Journey&quot; is a being with an artifical appendage. Not the way I wanted. It's supposed to work better than the original, but the new arrival lacks an abilility to touch the depths. Maybe there was a Journey before Steve Perry, but afer Steve Perry, there is no alternative. A good album, but it lacks &quot;Lights&quot;. I wait patiently for Perry's return to anything, including a Special-K jingle. I pretend that &quot;Arrival&quot; is by a band called Walkabout, and I do enjoy what it has to offer.
6305508550|5.0|Well, considering most of the reviews basically cover what anyone who loved this movie would say, I don't have much to say but I can relate to it 100%!  What a great movie.  So much hilarity, and it's even funnier if you can relate to the whole work environment they're in because you'll be like, &quot;Oh my God!  That's so true!&quot;  Never has a comedy hit so close to home for people in that work force.  Definitely worth purchasing.
6302812224|5.0|The Nefarious Negilum<br />The alien name of Negilum is a play on words.  Originally Richard Mulligan of Empty Nest and Soap was sought to play this role. Unavailable the producers had to utilize another actor for this one.  It's an average entry.  However there are some good scenes in the beginning with Worf on the holodeck in his training program. There's another good scene were Worf and Riker beam aboard another galaxy class ship to investigate this ridiculous Negllum nemesis.  It turns out the alien wants to investigate the crews reaction to senseless death at the cost of the lives of the Enterprise crew.  With the few dramatic sequences I'd have to say that it was worth the price.<br />The scene where Data asks Picard &quot;What happens when one dies&quot; was very poignant and showed there's an intelligent life form writing the script.  For all it's faults it was an enjoyable episode that stands up to repeated viewing.
B00002Z88D|5.0|To think that Metallica couldn't top it off with Garage Inc. This is truly an amazing album. If They broke up at the time, they would be known as \\"Band that gets classic without radio, Played \\"Enter Sandman,\\" and toured with a symphony.\\" Kirk Hammet really shows his solos on this album. I loved it when Lars kept on lokking at the conductor. I know why, keeping up with him. Sadly, this is Jason's last album before he left the band. Oh well, I guess it was too much for him, what with the ...thing. Highlights:\\"Call Of Ktulu,\\" \\"Intro,\\" \\"Battery,\\" \\"One,\\" \\"For Whom The Bell Tolls,\\" and \\"Enter Sandman.\\" Let's hope they return to their metal roots.
B000003BF4|5.0|the boys just flat out rock on this cd.  there is a raw edge to the sound, and a fire in their belly.  truly the phoenix of blues based rock and roll.  anyone that loves the tunes on the documentary &quot;Gimme Shelter&quot; will dig this cd.
B000009QPE|5.0|What metal fan could not like this album? Is that remotly possible? This stands out as one (not the best) of the greatest thrash albums of all time. (Master Of Puppets is the best in my opinion)With their unbelivebly fast songs (Almost all of the ma re below 3 minutes) and their intricate time changes (How do they do that and still have a 2 minute song?), Slayer has made their best album. Only 29 Minutes! WOW! Kerry and Jeff are amazing guitarists, and their riffs are the most violent, yet people don't give them enough credit for their harmonies. Those are some of the best harmonies, especially in &quot;Angel Of Death.&quot; I guess the best song would have to be &quot;Raining Blood&quot; No argument. 3 time changes in only 4 minutes. And about half of these songs, which is &quot;Angel Of Death,&quot; &quot;Altair of Sacrifice,&quot; &quot;Jesus Saves,&quot; &quot;Postmortem,&quot; and &quot;Raining Blood,&quot; are concert classics. The only bad thing are the screams. That's all. The drumming, the singing, and the gutar riffs RULE! Truly a classic.
B000003TA4|5.0|You will love this one...if you didn't exactly love any of the other Nirvana albums (but everyone loves Nirvana they're the best) you sure will love this one!! If you can't decide which Nirvana album to buy, it should be this one!! Or from the Muddy Banks of the Wishkah, but anyhow you'll be satisfyed!!
B00000BKDW|5.0|Or their new album! Iron Maiden have always been the leading New Wave Of British Heavy Metal band and this proves why. Every song on here is a classic. With the harmonic &quot;Aces High&quot; to the 13 minute poetic &quot;Rime Of The Ancient Mariner,&quot; Iron Maiden really showed their greatness. Solos, riffs, and bass galore! And the Amazing thing is that it's only 40 some minutes! &quot;Powerslave&quot;, to me, is kind of the sequel to &quot;Revelations,&quot; which told the birth of the pharoh, Now &quot;Powerslave&quot; is the death. &quot;2 Minutes To Midnight&quot; is a classic 80's metal song about the doomsday machine, and the best instrumental is on this too. &quot;Losfer Words&quot; is built on a strong fast riff. But this is nothing compared to the grand finale, &quot;Rime Of The Ancient Mariner.&quot; Full of harmonies, singing and sreeching, bass work, solos, and time changes, this captures Iron Maiden in 13 minutes. This has to be their best album. No contest. UP THE IRONS!
B00003CXSP|2.0|There's a lot to be said for \\"Hannibal\\".  The only word that summarizes this movie well is \\"botched\\".  Setting aside the problems of typical sequelitis, this movie suffers exceptionally from the burdens of such enormous expectations and the breadth of its foundations.<br />To begin with, the source book \\"Hannibal\\" by Harris has many advantages not available to the film:  the luxury of extravagant description and elaboration; superior manipulation of time, mood and tension; more intricate character development; and utter lack of input from thrice-damned Hollywood test audiences.  These tools aren't available to the film - we never see the fully developed contrast between Verger and Lecter.  We are never exposed to the depth of Lecter's brilliance or the heights of his evil.  Neither is Verger's twisted being allowed to fester in our minds as an offence to all that is decent.  As a result, the mood in the film suffers horribly, and what I feel is the crucial plot to \\"Hannibal\\" is lost.<br />The directing is also horrendous.  I find it hard to believe that the same man who directed \\"Alien\\", \\"Blade Runner\\" and \\"Gladiator\\" could have so mishandled a movie.  He relies on gore instead of suspense, surprise instead of tension, and complexity instead of intrigue.  There is no attempt to establish the proper moods at any point in the film.  The movie is stilted, trite, and lacking in the elements that make a really GOOD thriller.  Thanks for nothing, Ridley.<br />Just as a side note:  I am a pathologist.  I handle human tissue on a regular basis.  I realize it doesn't come up that often in movies, but do you suppose it is too much to ask that you folks do your homework, and try to come up with a fake brain that LOOKS like brain?<br />This movie does have a few bright points:  Moore, Hopkins and Oldman.  While the movie is generally poorly executed, I find myself taking comfort in the superb acting from the cast.  Moore proved herself equal to the task of playing Clarice Starling in Foster's shadow.  She managed to convey the hopeless frustration of a woman disillusioned by that she held dear with amazing virtuosity.  To wax at all on Hopkins' or Oldman's performance is to damn them with faint praise - they were simply magnificent. <br />All in all, this is a movie that should never have been made.  There was simply no way to accomodate the inspirational material in a manner to do it justice AND live up to the expectations of a sequel to \\"Silence\\".  Add to that the ridiculous oversight of Hollywood backers (\\"We don't LIKE this ending.  Change it.\\"  Those maggots probably wanted to change the ending of \\"Casablanca\\" too) and you have a movie that never fails to disappoint.
B00003CXRP|5.0|&quot;Cast Away&quot; entertains one of man's worst fears: being absolutely alone in a place of heat with almost no drinkable water for possibly the rest of his life. Chuck Noland(Tom Hanks), a Fed Ex employee must live this after his plane crashes in the middle of the Atlantic. The film begins on a crossroad in Texas. The title &quot;Cast Away&quot; and not Castaway appears on the screen which means that Tom Hanks does not only become a Castaway but that he is Cast Away from civilized society. A Fed Ex truck turns the corner and picks up a package from an artists barn that is home to a workshop which creates wings as a form of art(This film is full of symbolism). From here we arrive in Russia in which we discover Noland giving a speech on the importance of time. Life for him revolves around time and it is the perfect job for him because Fed Ex is &quot;The World On Time&quot;. He makes it home and has Christmas dinner with his girlfriend Kelly Frears(Helen Hunt). After dinner he must leave Kelly to return to his job. In the air there is a large storm, the plane loses pressure and crashes into the Atlantic. Chuck opens the life raft and becomes the only survivor of the crash. He lands hours later on a desolate island where he will have to make his home. He eventually adapts to his surroundings by drinking coconut milk and making a fire which will allow him to have hot food. His only friend on the island is a personified soccerball named Wilson. Tom Hanks is the type of actor who's acting can make you care about something as inanimate as a soccer ball. He carries this entire film by being on screen by himself for the majority of the film. The character of Kelly Frears is only on screen for about 15 minutes but you can feel her presence throughout. Starting off, this DVD has a crystal clear picture with an aspect ratio of 2.35:1. The commentary features insight from Robert Zemekis and many members of his crew. There are barely any quiet moments. The extras are composed of special effects vignettes, multiple documentaries, a storyboard to film comparison, and two theatrical trailers and many T.V. spots. This is a film to own and everytime you watch, you will notice more interesting things about it.
0399146253|2.0|I've been a Patricia Cornwell fan for years, and wait IMPATIENTLY for each new book to come out.  This one really let me down.  The first third of the book was based on the story from the previous Kay Scarpetta book. It had been so long since I read it, though, that I had trouble following the storyline. Then, when it finally got to the new storyline the ending left me saying WHAT HAPPENED? I kept going back to see if there were pages missing from my copy.
B00005B4GU|5.0|Radiohead have done it. They have accomplished the impossible. They took a band that was teetering on the brink of promoting bloated, pompus arena rock and turned it into a truly independant collective of audio artists. They turned a mainstream breakthrough and drove it back underground through sheer force of will and vicious tenacity. They got their edge back, and how. Dull knives are fun to play with, and kids can handle them, but this razor cuts, it cuts deeply, and requires super-vision. Experimention with total honesty isn't always the prettiest thing to listen to, but it is the most beautiful. Be brave.<br />Lets stop comparing Amnesiac/Kid A to OK Computer and the Bends, shall we? If we as a listening audience haven't grown in the last few years, if we haven't matured, we don't deserve artists who have the incredible freedom to record what they want and still have the wheels of the corporate mega machine turn in their favor.
B000007MVL|3.0|When I converted my LPs and tapes into compact discs years ago, there were only a few I didn't want to keep and &quot;Lionheart&quot; was one of them. I since have replaced it and time has been kind to this luscious crop of super-feminine musical meanderings that seem just a heartbeat away from Lawrence Welk. After all this time however, I still don't 'get' &quot;Hammer Horror&quot;.
B00005BL2A|4.0|This is a &quot;time release&quot; disc. You listen to it a few times, swallow it down like some tasteless pill, and wait thinking &quot;Huh, nothing special here.&quot; Then, BOOM, the capsule breaks, releasing the potent mixture within. Tracks like &quot;Freelove&quot; and &quot;Goodnight Lovers&quot; release their subtle, tingle-inducing beauty. And soon you find yourself slipping into the mesmerizing trance of &quot;I Am You&quot; and, perhaps the disc's best track, &quot;Easy Tiger&quot;. And just when you think you're about to come to, &quot;Dream On&quot; and &quot;I Feel Loved&quot; pull you back in with secondary waves of depth that are easily missed on the initial cursory listens. Like even the best of medicines, this disc must be given time to achieve the desired results.
B0000027I6|5.0|What can be said?  Words can't describe the feeling I get from listening to this album!  From the opening \\"The Ballad of Bill Hubbard\\"  where Jeff Beck's guitar achieves a level of emotion unbelievable when coupled with Alf Razzell's wrenching monologue (Alf is a World War II veteran who had to leave a friend to die in no mans land).  Then Roger moves into What God Wants.  Pure genius, though some Christian (and people of other religions for that matter) may find it offensive.  It really conveys an emotion that is amazing.  Then as it goes on, \\"Perfect Sense\\", and \\"The Bravery of Being Out of Range\\" follow suit.  All throughout the album the music blends seemlessly with the lyrics.  All songs are masterpieces.  The music is full and well textured with Jeff Becks guitar and great synth, piano, bass, and vocals.  Some people were a little scared, I think, by Roger's vocals, but they match so well with the music.  I don't think Pink Floyd could come up with anything close to this level of musical and lyrical genius.  What am I thinking?  Of course they couldn't!  The lyrics are superior as is the music.  Who can forget the tragic story of Alf, or the sad story of the woman who's attempt at the suicide of her family ended up killing her children and sadly leaving her to live a depressing and guilt-ridden existence?  The small things, as always, polish this recording.  This album really showed a change in Roger's music from earlier works.  It's a must have for anyone, not only Roger Waters' fans or Pink Floyd fans.  Any fans of good music and lyrics will rejoice in this journey into modern life.  It may be depressing to some, but nestled in that depression lies a little hope for us yet.
B000005J56|5.0|After reading many of the reviews, I need to express my disappointment in those which have given this extraordinary work of music a negative review.  For those of you who claim to know so much about Cuban music, your cover was blown when stating that the musicians in this recording were not of the highest caliber.
B00005BJPO|5.0|This Anime is the Grand-daddy of all animes out there.  If it weren't for this film i don't think I would have ever become interested in Anime.  I can't wait until the special edition comes out.  Also the original comic books of Akira are mind-blowing, if you own or have enjoyed the movie I suggest that you read the comics also.
6300216039|5.0|We all know to understand Shakespeare, we need to be able to first see a literal meaning of words and then look beyond the surface and see their true meaning.  Romeo and Juliet is a perfect example of higher forces(god(s)) teaching humans a lesson that they cannot simply learn themselves.  Both the houses of Capulet and Montague had ancient grudges against eachother.  Instead of settling their differences, they continued to fight and hate eachother.  As Romeo said, &quot;It has much to do with love, but more to do with hate.&quot;  The houses enjoyed fighting. The only was to end this hatred was with love of Romeo and Juliet, which is odd to think about.        Even though the star-crossed lovers lacked credibility(since after all Romeo went from being in love with Rosaline to instantly being in love with Juliet) their love grew to be so immense and too perfect for this world.  Sacrificial items are usually immaculate and almost of another world.  People that offer up sacrifices to thier gods believe that what their sacrificing is too precious for this world.  So, I don't think the death of Romeo and Juliet is neccessary a trajedy.  Things that are virtuous and too good for this earth have two paths: death or corruption.  And the love Romeo and Juliet had had to die because it was too perfect for this cruel, vile world.      Romeo and Juliet can of course be interpreted in many different ways, but it is best to think that it is an example of dichotomy.  In the play, Friar Laurence speaks of evil things becoming good and virtue being corrupted.  What Romeo and Juliet's love did was destroy the immature hatred that couldn't have been destroyed anyother way.
B0000024SI|4.0|The reviewers are right.  This doesn't quite match the peaks of &quot;Blonde on Blonde.&quot;  That being said, it's still a fine album in its own right.  Starting with the Bob Dylan-defining &quot;Like a Rolling Stone,&quot; and travelling through to the epic &quot;Desolation Row,&quot; this CD successfully brings folk music into the world of rock.  It is surprising to realise that Dylan actually was booed when he first presented an electrified version of folk, since this is now such a significant staple of the genre.  The lyrics remain Dylanesque throughout; at times non-sensical, at times profound, at times vaguely disturbing, and at all times brilliant.  My personal favourite is God's conversation with Abraham in the title track.  Dylan somehow manages to capture the pathos of the modern human condition in a timeless fashion, and the observations of which he writes remain exceedingly relevant today.  He captures this condition with a collage of emotions, although the overlying theme is a contemptuous humour.  Ultimately, if you want more of Dylan than just a hits package, start with &quot;Blonde on Blonde&quot; and maybe &quot;John Wesley Harding,&quot; but move quickly to &quot;Highway 61 Revisited&quot; to get a true grasp of Robert Zimmerman as a young man.
0385421982|4.0|The novel, The Pelican Brief, by John Grisham, proved to be extremely enjoyable.  The Pelican Brief is an extremely suspenseful novel.  Grisham provides this suspense and mystery by withholding the outcomes of important events and by keeping secret identities.  Because of these tactics, the reader becomes more anxious to discover the outcome of the novel, making this a book that is impossible to put down.  The plot of the novel is also complex.  Many different stories are occurring simultaneously.  These subplots are then connected to form the greater overall plot.  Because of the many events occurring, it is necessary that the reader pay attention at all times.  The final positive aspect of this novel is the detail with which Grisham describes his characters.  Grisham goes to great lengths to describe both the protagonist and the antagonist, giving the reader a sense that he or she is in the story.  Some aspects of the book, however, could turn away some potential readers.  One such aspect is the sometimes gratuitous violence and gore that is used in the novel.  People in the story are strangled to death and run over with cars.  More squeamish people would not find this book appealing.  Another negative point of the novel is the sexual references that appear throughout the book.  There is much talk of pornographic theaters and some references to sexual acts.  The final aspect of the book that could be offensive to some people is the constant reference to homosexuals and the homosexual community.  Much of the conflict starts over a closet homosexual who is killed when visiting a gay pornography theater.  As a result, many events throughout the story focus on the aforementioned subject, which could prove to be uncomfortable to some people.  Overall, the novel, The Pelican Brief, was enjoyable to read.  It was extremely fast-paced and hard to put down, although the references to sex and pornography do grow tiresome.  As with several other Grisham novels, this book would be best recommended to people with an interest in law.  People who feel at least moderately comfortable with sexual references and violence would probably also enjoy this book.
B00004T9UF|5.0|If you liked this awesome CD then you definetly need to get the new D12 CD that's comin' out, it's called \\"Devil's Night\\".  It's pretty much the new Eminem one, since Em is a member of D12.  I've heard the single off it too (Purple Hills) on MP3 and all I can say is that it's some crazy ....  Not very unlike anything else Slim's released so far though, the only difference is the fact that he's singing with a bunch of other guys with him (the rest of D12).  So yeah, the CD comes out on the 19th and ya'll need to pick it up!
6305426694|1.0|This film is based on a true story that took place in the New England area in 1981. It could have been so good. But what happened? Steven Zaillian (Oscar Winner for his great adaption of Schindlers List) wrote and directed the film. It stars Schlichtmann (John Travolta) as a lawyer who takes on the case about the numerous deaths reported in the New England area. There deaths have something to do with the towns water. Two parents in particular (Kathleen Quinlan and James Gandolfini) just want a simple &quot;were sorry&quot; from the company that is responsible for the  toxic waste in the water supply. Zaillians film runs only around two hours, but the book is over 500 pages. It just is not complete. So much seems to be missing. The film also strays off from the true story found in the book. (William H. Macy and Tony Shalhoub)Travolta's law firm partners take the fall with him after the case goes down hill at their firm. Jerome Facher (Robert Duvall) is the lawyer against Travolta. (Dan Hedaya and Sydney Pollack) round out the rest of the cast. The film which could have been so good, never got onto it's own two feet and was not at all able to generate anything other than question after question. Sadly we never recieve one good response. Or realistic performance. Grade:D-
B000002B35|4.0|A very good live act of all the Pink Floyd favourites, and others that I hadn't heard before.  The full Dark Side of the Moon on Disc 2 was great, and the encore of &quot;Wish You Were Here&quot; still brings a smile to my face as I hear everyone sing along in the background.  I must say that &quot;Run Like Hell&quot; is very good on this recording with a great intro.  Also, I believe that &quot;Sorrow&quot; on the first disc, is much better than it originally appeared on &quot;A Momentary Lapse of Reason&quot; a Pink Floyd album I barely play any more.
B000009QO6|5.0|Chances are if you were to ask someone if they know who Danzig is they would say this: &quot;Who's Danzig?&quot;  That's the unfortunate answer that I get everytime I ask someone about it.  Danzig is a must listen alblum.  This is heavy metal unlike you have ever heard.  The music isn't like that of Metallica or Slayer, Danzig has created their own sound on this alblum.  The lyrics in Danzig are very ingenious and the way they are delivered with Glenn Danzig's unimistkeable voice will leave them etched in your mind.  Danzig's sound is like a mix of metal and punk which can be attributed to Glenn Danzig's early years as being a notable figure in the punk music world.  This alblum is a must for anyone who wants a metal alblum that delivers the goods.
B00004Z459|5.0|It is hard to find a CD where I like every single song. I love Linkin Park. They do a great job with everything they do. I highly recommend this cd.
B00003CXAA|5.0|What can I say, simply the best movie(s) I have ever seen ! The script writing, acting and casting are all superb.  Anyone who does not purchase this set is not a film historian.  Thank you paramount for finally releasing on DVD. Remember, who ever comes to you with this Bazinni offer is the traitor !
B000002MU3|4.0|I still remember when I heard Kenneth on the radio I thought what ... are the guys doing??? After Automatic everyone expected some kind of follow-up but they forgot (so did I, too) that REM never do the same thing again so something else would be coming. Anyway I didn't think of a U-turn. After the first listening I wanted to take it back to the CD store thinking about wasting my money on bad CDs, but I thought over the thing and I kept it. Now I'm glad I did so because it has its place in my collection.<br />Unfortunately this album has some fillers (which is quite unusual for REM) but the rest is worth the money. Kenneth, Crush, King Of Comedy, Bang And Blame, Let Me In, Circus Envy, I Took Your Name and Strange Currencies are simply great songs. The video for Crush is fantastic though I saw it only once or twice on MTV but if you can get it from somewhere try to get it - it rocks. Fillers are in my opininon Star 69 and Tongue. Both songs are annoying.<br />Summary: not that bad! If you survive the first shock, you can get used to it and then you'll want to listen to it even more times. Though it isn't their best it is still a good album.
B00004ZD69|5.0|Since its release in 2000, Godspeed You Black Emperor! has influenced many bands on the art rock scene.  When the band formed years ago in Canada, as a nine piece band without any lyrics... well, lets just say Im surprised they made it this far.<br />The album has the illusion that you are listening to a full orchestra, instead of guitars, basses, pianos, etc.  The band has amazing talent, and if you aren't afraid of some odd music for just easy listening, then I think this is a wonderful album.<br />As 20 minutes go by, you still have the sense that you just listened to about 5 songs, not just one, which is what makes this band so unique. They have the ability to take up so much time, and still have the songs not seem monotonous, which is something which hasnt been achieved since the days of full symphonies that WERE pop music.<br />This is one of my favorite albums to sit and listen to, especially when I'm reading.  You dont get distracted by any lyrics that you have the urge to sing along to, and somehow it is softly comforting.<br />Comprised of two disks, the first disk to me is beautiful and seems more sculptural. The second disk is more violent, more tomultuous, sadder.<br />This is a WONDERFUL album, and I strongly recommend it to those fans of art rock or modern classical (oxymoron?)  If you prefer something with vocals (okay, so maybe this does have some guy talking about Coney Island and then some little kids singing in French, but im not sure those are &quot;vocals&quot;) then I suggest a band like Sigur Ros, who has the same eerie type of landscapes. Rockier, go with Mogwai.
B00004Z4WQ|1.0|How could the makers of this film get away with this trash?  The humor is sophomoric and at times disgusting.  The film makers rely on terrible gross out gags for laughs with terrible results.  I can not stand this film. Nobody should be forced to sit through this landfill.
B00003CXRP|4.0|The most simplistic elements of life are taken for granted everyday of our lives. We turn on the lights without a second thought; we light matches without a moment's hesitation. Water coming out of the faucet is a given, something we know we can always depend on to be there. &quot;Cast Away&quot; takes all of those securities and hides them away, leaving us with an incredible and harrowing story of survival and determination. <br />Taking its time in getting to what the movie is all about, the story first begins with the frenzied life of Fed-Ex systems engineer Chuck Noland (Tom Hanks), whose number-one rule of life is making sure that everything goes according to schedule. This leaves him little time for his understanding girlfriend, Kelly (Helen Hunt), whom he returns to see in Memphis for Christmas. Circumstances intervene, and he finds himself rearranging his schedule in order to make a trip across the Pacific for business. But not before exchanging gifts, one of which is an engagement ring, the other an &quot;I'll be right back.&quot;<br />After a near-10-minute plane crash sequence that raises the intensity, the true Zemeckis style kicks into gear, as Chuck is left in a rubber life raft in stormy seas, the only light source coming from sudden flashes of lightning. At daylight, he finds himself on an island, not another soul in sight and only the sound of crashing waves and wind in the trees for company. Instincts drive him to signal for help at first, and as the days move on, he silently realizes his situation. <br />The story becomes more intriguing with the transition of time during his stay on the island: he learns the secrets of creating life's little commodities. Resorting to stick-rubbing for the creation of fire and collection condensation from leaves for nourishment, the only visible objects that tie his present life to reality are a Fed-Ex box, his battered life-raft, and a volleyball with a blood-painted face whom he calls Wilson. But as Chuck becomes more attached to life on the island, he cannot shake his desire to once again return home to his love, whose picture he repeatedly paints on the wall. <br />Let's be honest: this is probably the best deserted island movie to date, possibly ever made. &quot;Swiss Family Robinson&quot; was less engrossing because there was a family on the island, not a single person. Being alone on the island allows the story to explore the inner human strength and spirit, as well as new methods of companionship. <br />Other techniques bring the movie to a full-force magnitude that keeps us engrossed with what goes on. During the entire island sequence, from the time he arrives to the time he is plucked from the sea, there is a complete absence of music. This leaving out of the musical score gives an added focus to his situation as well as reflecting on his solitude and loneliness. The nature surrounding Chuck is beautifully captured and photographed, and under Zemeckis's helm, the setting is ominous and brooding without becoming too overpowering. <br />Hanks gives, without a doubt, the best performance to date of his career, topping his work in &quot;Forrest Gump.&quot; His acting, along with the aforementioned techniques, puts us right there with him as he begins to learns the small things in life can be quite complicated. Even his silence is our key to understanding his realizations about the potential danger he faces, and his comprehension of what seems to him an inescapable situation. At the movie's end, I felt compelled to inquire why Russell Crowe received the Best Actor Oscar for his work in &quot;Gladiator,&quot; when the performance by Hanks is much more involving. <br />But, like any good movie, there are flaws. Luckily, this movie escaped fairly unscathed, until the ending, however. At movie's end, it loses the same luster it had before, and the return to reality and the emotional challenges he will face are less intriguing or involving as those presented in the midsection of the story. And the silence experienced for so long seems shaken in a bad way once everything begins to round itself out. <br />Nonetheless, &quot;Cast Away&quot; is a compelling tale spun from the director of &quot;Contact,&quot; who tells the story the way it needs to be told. Hanks brings his best screenwork to the movie, while the entire effect of the movie is one of sheer awe and enamoration. Did you ever wish you were on a deserted island with someone else? You may just think twice.
